Hitler was having a piece of banana cake when Bob Ross walked in.

"And I just feel like no one *gets* me, you know?" The future Fuhrer was saying to one of his servants, as he 
sprayed whipped cream over the cake, distracted. "I mean, I know most artists are destined to be posthumous, 
but… I don't know, I guess I want the fame and the fortune too, you know?"

"*Ja*, It is very hard, my master," the man said, in a German accent but in English for no reason at all, just like foreign characters in the movies.

"Hey, Hitler," Bob said, stepping in, confident. "May I?" he pulled a chair sat down without waiting for an answer.

"What is this!?"

"Listen, I'm Bob Ross and I'm from the future and I paint stuff."

"Bob Ross?"

"Yes. Here's the thing – I'm supposed to come here and teach you how to paint so you'll be a good painter and not 
invade Poland and then the rest of Europe and cause the death of millions of people."

"Holy shit, I do that!?" Hitler widened his eyes.

"Oh, yes. It's awful. People still use your name as a reference to evil. There's even an internet law based on how 
long it takes until someone compares a certain situation to Nazi Germany during an argument."

"What's the internet?"

"Never mind," Bob leaned forward. "This is what we're going to do – I'm going to teach you how to –"

"Excuse me," Hitler's servant said, in that same fake accent. "I'm afraid I must intervene here."

"What's wrong?"

"Well, Mr. Ross, have you considered the twist?"

"The twist?"

"Yes. The fact that you'll teach this man how to paint, he'll grow to be a famous painter, not invade anything, and 
when you return to your home time you'll find out that another man named, I don't know, Hans, has taken over 
Germany and did worse things than Adolf here could ever do."

Ross frowned. "I don't follow."

"You don't watch much Twilight Zone, do you?" The servant asked.

"How do you know about the Twilight Zone? This is 1910."

"Never mind about that." The servant leaned back. "My name is Hans, Ross. And I will take over Germany if you 
teach Adolf how to paint."

"Why!? Why would you do that?"

"Why else would I be in the scene? Why would Hitler not be alone when you walked in? I have to serve some 
purpose for the plot, right? And let's face it – go back in time and kill/talk/convince/teach Hitler is a trope we've 
seen before, and it always ends like this. In fact, most time traveling tropes tend to end with a silly variation of the butterfly effect we-made-things-even-worse twist. Let's not make this prompt another example."

Bob Ross scratched his head and thought about this. "Shit. Okay. I guess. But what do we do now?"

"Now we find a way to subvert time traveling tropes and present something fresh for the readers. And fast, because they're getting impatient."

"Why are they getting impatient? We're still at 500 words!"

"Yes, but we've gone post-modern self-referential, characters-acknowledging-their-own-stories. That annoys some 
people."

"It's not really my fault, look at the prompt. Where do you go with time traveling Bob Ross and Hitler that's not 
self-referential parody?"

"Now you're blaming the OP for your shortcomings as a storyteller. Classy."

"Not *my* shortcomings. I'm not the author."

They both turn and stare at me for a second. I shrug.

"Anyway," Hans said, resuming the conversation. "Do something different. Fast."

"But what?"

"Huuuuuuh…. Fuck, I don't know. Kiss Hitler!"

"Erotic Nazi Fanfic? No thanks."

"Okay, then… you have cancer, and Hitler nurses you to health, but in the end we find out *Hitler* has cancer too, and –"

"I'm not taking part in The Fault in our Stars Feat. Adolf Hitler. It ain't gonna happen."

"Well, you gotta do something, and fast, because time is running out."

"Hitler? Any suggestions?"

Adolf looked around. He got up and paced. "I don't know. Can you just return to your present time and call it a 
day?"

"And then everything happens as it's supposed to? That's boring."

"Yeah…" Hitler stopped. "I don't know then. I really don't know."

Hans shook his head. "Okay, I got this." He grabbed a little radio device from his pocket and spoke into it. "Send them in."

Ross frowned. "Send who in?"

Static emerged from the radio for a second, then a voice answered: "Copy that."

"Send who in?" Adolf repeated. "What's happening?"

"Well," Hans said, getting up. "If we're in a Hitler and Bob Ross time traveling prompt and we can't figure out a way 
to turn it into something fresh, we might as well embrace irony and self-mockery to the full extent of Writing 
Prompt's classic tropes."

"What do you mean?"

The door came open behind Ross. He turned back and watched as two teenagers walked in – a boy in round 
glasses and a scar on his forehead and a girl that looked a lot like Emma Watson. 

"Hey Harry, hey Hermione. Sorry to drag you into yet another prompt. You got the time turner?"

"Yup," Harry said, in a bored tone.

"Harry Potter fanfic? Really?" Ross shook his head. "For fuck's sake."

"If we're gonna go down the rabbit's hole, let's do it proudly."

Hermione started setting the time turner. Harry looked around, curious. Ross sighed.

"Fuck that, I'm out," Hitler said, and then he jumped out the window, and then WW II didn't happen, but the 
Statute of Secrecy *was* violated on account of the whole thing and muggles learned about magic and when Ross returned to his present day no one gave a shit about static paintings anymore, so he died a poor man, which I guess is irony or whatever, I don't even care.

_____

*For more information on why the fourth wall is damaging your health and you should get rid of it, check out /r/psycho_alpaca =)*


There he sat, twirling his personal, stylized mustache. It was avant garde, just like he wanted to be. The man, as he was so, just wanted a place in this world for his art. He continues to stare at the easel, thinking. 

After a while he felt a firm, calming hand on his shoulder. He sighed, hanging his head wearily. "Are you yet another man come to end my life, if you can even see it that way?" The hand didn't answer, as it had no mouth. However, it's owner did, speaking the soft, assuaging tones that had come to make him famous. 

"No sir. I've seen too much death and war to want to do another such thing. Instead, I have come as a tutor. Here, grab that 2 inch brush and dip it in some titanium white and prussian blue."

Hitler did such a thing, and the man behind him nodded. "Good. Now, mix them together, until you have a rather nice pale blue..." 

Adolf did so, his brush strokes trembling across the pallette. "Easy there tiger, try to keep yourself calm, now. Painting is all about being steady, confident." Adolf nodded again, and went this time, albeit a bit slower, and mixed another selection. After he had done this the stranger patted his shoulder. 
"Good, now let's see you paint a nice, open sky."
"But how? I can barely paint the ground, let allow what lies above it!" 
Sighing, the man grabbed a firm hold of his arm and lifted it up. 

"All you have to do is nice, tiny Xs, like so.." 
A portion, the top left hand corner was soon filled with a nice layer of blue. 
"Now go ahead, try it." 
Adolf sighed and attempted this, and, to his surprise, mimicked the man's stroke almost perfectly.

"Ah! There ya go! Now, wash that brush off in your water and beat the devil out of it on your wood there..." 

At this point, adolf couldn't help but turn around in surprise. "You want me to beat my easel with it..?" 

The afro'd figure behind him nodded, pulling off his woolen hood. "Yes sir I Do. Go on. It won't hurt it." 

"Tell me who you are first, then maybe I will..." 
The figure smiled a bright smile, as a squirrel popped out of his hair.
"Why, I'm Bob. Bob Ross. And I heard you wanted to be a painter."

------------
Just popping in to say thank you the beautiful person who have me a gold.


The man outside knocked on the door hard. He paused for a minute, still as a statue, then knocked once again. The rain fell outside in a steady rhythm, and by this time the man’s shoes had become damp. A minute passed, then another. The man crouched under the awning and pulled his bag to safety. It had begun to leak an ocean of colors. Red and blue mixed with green, as a wave a rainwater swept it down the muddy steps. 

The door creaked open and a suspicious face peeked through the crack. “Hallo, was willst do?” The man behind the door inquired. The man on the other side cocked his head and put his hand do his ear. Almost invisible with the naked eye, a small earpiece was nestled firmly in his ear. It whirred to life. “Hello, what do you want?” The earpiece repeated. 

“Hello, my name is Bob Ross. If you have a moment, I’d like to teach you about the joys of painting.” The man’s voice outside was soothing, and as soon as he had finished his sentence a small device in his hand translated it for his company. 

“Mind if I come in?”

With that, Bob shouldered his way inside. With a gentle dominance, he lay his bag on the table and began unpacking.

“What are you doing? What is this?” The owner of the house backed away from the table, and it was clear he grew increasingly uneasy.

“I just want to show you the joy of painting.” Bob continued, as he took a canvas out of his bag. “Just give me a chance.”

“Why are you doing this? Get out of my house."

Bob ignored the request; “I just like to spread joy.” With that, a genuine smile crept across Bob’s face, and he drew back his hood to reveal a bushy afro underneath. “Please my friend, take a seat.” 

“Hitler.”

“Please, Hitler, take a seat.”

Hitler reclined warily onto his sofa while Bob set up the canvas across from him. 

“Now, what I like to paint most is the beauty of nature. There’s just something so magical about our world. First, I want to get a nice blue for the sky, and some dark hues for the ground. Let’s make it a nice summer scene in contrast to all this dreariness.”

Bob continued with his presentation, explaining each technique and stroke. Hitler grew more and more interested, and eventually rose to inspect the painting.
 
“Why do you do such thin strokes of the brush? I would think a more decisive movement would be key.”

“Well, Hitler, sometimes the best art comes from gentleness and patience.” Bob’s soothing voice answered. 

Bob finished his painting; it had been nearly three hours. He usually worked at a faster rate, but this was one painting that couldn’t afford any mistakes. “So Hitler, what do you think. Want to take a turn?”

Hitler shifted, and the creak of the floorboards beneath his boots was the only sound. He wordlessly swept his hands around the paintings frames and touched its surface with the utmost care. 

“Why is it you paint, Bob?” 

“It’s what I love to do.”

“I feel the same, yet I have never produced a piece such as this." Hitler paused, "this is truly a masterpiece.”

“Well, I can teach you all I know. What do you say?”

Hitler closed his eyes and rocked back and forth. "I..." He trailed off. "I'm not..." He stopped, and put his hand to his mustache. 

Bob reached for his coat, and fingered a sleek metal object. There was only one thing to do if Hitler said no.


It pained him to say that Adolf had become increasingly used to the attempts on his life. Every time he blinked an eye, there was someone out to end him with poison, a knife, or something he didn’t recognize. Regardless of time, regardless of the position Adolf was in, they were always there. They seemed to know everything. 

What was he to do? He hadn’t had the time to ask them, since they all had failed in their ambitions, but it nevertheless had made him a nervous man. Afraid of his own destiny, one could say. Why? Adolf didn’t think that he would ever stoop so low as to warrant a barrage of assassins in strange clothing and strange mechanisms and strange ambitions. He had, due to the attacks, gradually become a paranoid man, thinking the world was against him and everything he did. He was a shell. He was a rock. He was festering in the stew of his own self-exile, and it was beginning to get to him. 

He had decided to become a painter in the time that he had to himself. His mother always told him to get a real job, and actually work, but the thought was less than comforting to Adolf. He hated being out in the open, he’d be more of a target then. So when he moved to Vienna with the last of his inheritance, he could stay secluded for as long as he liked. 

He was certainly secluded now – he was locked up in his room, awaiting the results of the entrance exam to the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts. He was confident, for once, about his chances. His sketches that he had sent in were quite good. He allowed himself a short, sharp chuckle before he turned around and noticed his visitor. 
There had been no sound, no evidence of anything moved. There was simply a man with a beard and frizzy hair sitting on his sofa with smiling eyes and a calm expression. 

“Hello there,” said the man.

Adolf stood at attention. “Who are you?” he asked. “Are you here to kill me?”

“I am not an assassin, Adolf.” The man smiled. “My name is Bob Ross. I am an artist just like you.”

“Oh?” said Adolf, reaching for the revolver in his desk, pulling it out and pointing it at Bob. “And what are you going to do?”

“I am here to teach you.  Enlighten you, perhaps.”

“Teach?”

“Yes.”

“I am confident in my ability, sir. I don’t need lessons.”

“Please understand, I want to help.”

“I don’t need help!!” cried Adolf, raising the pistol once again. “I’ve already submitted my drawings AND taken the test!”

The man stopped, and then he stood, disheartened. “I was too late?”

“Too late?” asked Adolf. “What do you mean?”

“I’m afraid you’re not going to get accepted to the Academy, Adolf.”

“I’m…” Adolf’s face fell. “I’m not?”

Bob shook his head. “You are going to do bad things, Adolf. So please…”

“What kind of bad things?!”

“I cannot say…” Bob held a smile, resigned almost, to the floor. He looked tired.

“I am going to be accepted. You can’t stop me. They’re accepting me as we speak!”

Bob smiled sadly. “Listen to me. You could do great things. You can do anything you want to in this life that you are given. You can be the greatest the world has ever seen. The world will revere your name for centuries. You must simply do right by you, and do right by others. You have the capability to change things for the better, Adolf. Let me be the first step.”

Bob held out his hand. Adolf’s revolver hand began to shake. The room was silent. 

The mail slot on the door jostled, and Adolf turned to look. A letter. He walked towards it with bated breath, revolver still trained on Bob. 

He crouched down and opened it. 

He had been denied. 

“What is it?” asked Bob.

Adolf stood again, at a loss for words. Bob looked at him, confused.

“You know,” said Adolf. 

Adolf shot Bob Ross in the chest, and he fell to the floor. Tears began to rush down Adolf’s face. What to do now? What on Earth to do now?

He thought back to what Bob had said.  

He could do great things. He can do anything he wants to in this life that he is given. He can be the greatest the world has ever seen. The world will revere his name for centuries. He must simply do right by him, and do right by others. He will have the capability to change things for the better.

He will change things, he thought. He will do right by him, and do right to others. He will be the greatest the world had ever seen.

Hitler smiled.

There will be fire.


In the December dusk, the bubbles of light around the street lamps, whirling with specks of sparkling ice crystals, looked like oversized snow globes.

“I want to capture the street outside,” Adolf said.  “Where do I start? Atmosphere? Lighting? A blitz of color?”

“You start by not painting,” Bob said. “First you need to understand. You start by thinking.”

The young aspiring artist flipped his hair to the side, narrowing his eyes.

“Careful deliberation is the key to a great painting,” Bob continued. “Remember; every stroke of the brush has consequences.”

“So, I start simple?” Adolf said. “The falling snow!”

Bob ran a hand through his thick hair and took a deep breath.

“That is a good place to start. A snowflake is one of Nature’s most beautiful creations,” he said.  “They’re all made out of the same water, but every snowflake is unique…”

“I think I get it now,” Adolf said and made a few quick strokes across the canvas. “The canvas is the province of my expression. It is a domain that I, alone, control and shape to fit my unique ideas.”

Bob shook his head and stopped the eager hand of the young artist.

“Your brush is a coryphée, and the canvas is a stage of white ice. The stage belongs to the art, not the artist,” Bob said.

“So, I need to pour my mind onto the canvas,” Adolf said and made another series of quick strokes. “I need to get it all out, and not consider my desires!”

Bob leaned over and plucked the brush out of young man’s moving hand mid-motion. 

“Wrong; your heart is your most valuable consultant,” Bob said. “That’s why you can’t rush. Some ideas are better left unexplored. Each color and stroke have to feel right in your heart. If your strokes are too fast and too many, your heart won’t be able to keep up.”

“I think I finally get it…”

Certain that he had taught Adolf the value of constraint and diversity, Bob Ross returned to his own time. On the way to the kitchen to grab a snack, he noticed that something was wrong with his world globe. The place that had previously said Europe now had big capital letters spelling GERMANY.

“What the hell…” Bob mumbled and grabbed his history book.

*Due to his icy restraint and meticulous planning, Hitler avoided a war on two fronts, taking his time to first defeat France and Great Britain before attacking Russia. Modern scholars have placed Hitler among iconic conquerors such as Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan, and named him The Artist of Warfare.*

*****
[/r/Lilwa_Dexel](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/5foev0/welcome/)


The paint ran down the canvas, slowly trailing through the empty blank sheet as a deep sigh escaped my mouth. My lip quivered as I stood silently alone my modest and small room. I had been up for 3 days and the stench of stale coffee, dirty pastille paints and unlaundered clothes filled the room. A little tap echoed from the door. Who the hell could that be? It's 3 in the morning and I'm certainly not expecting anyone right now, I furiously marched over and slam the door open. Strangely enough I'm was greeted by a kind old man in a dark robe. He was holding a painting case and a blank canvas. He smiled and I was immediately disarmed and comforted by the warmness from it. I shyly motioned for him to come in.

Dressed in simple buttoned up shirt and blue american style jeans, I was immediately cautious but something about him seems gentle and kind. Such strange hair, it was big and bushy and unkempt, I found myself starring at it for a fraction too long. "Hello, I'm Bob", his German was broken but his greeting is earnest and I shook his hand. Before I could respond he looked around the room and said "So you paint, well glad I got here because you look like you could use a Friend."

The room was a mess, half eaten food and cold cups of coffee litter the shelves and table space. The floor was covered in ripped up attempts at 'Art' and pictures of her were scattered over my bed, where I had left them 3 days ago. I didn't go to that side of the room, I was scared to close my eyes. All I can see was her face. "Girl troubles huh?" I angrily flare my glaze at him when I realise he had already set up his canvas next to mine and had begun painting.

He started off with a simple dark shade of green as he made long strokes of his brush and freely splashed it across the canvas. Adding dabs of white to lighten the green as he worked his way up the canvas. He motioned me over when he handed me my brush, still wet with paint. I picked up a new canvas but Bob held my hand and said softly, "It's fine, just finish what you started." I shake my head, the mess off colour I had left on it one has dried and now it's a swirling mess of red, orange and brown. I was pretty angry when I had started. "There are no mistakes, just happy little accidents." Something about his words comforted me. Bob continued talk as I notice that the dark shade of green is starting to resemble a meadow in the country at night as Bob uses a deep purple as the Sky while he decorates it with clouds and mountains in the foreground.

"You know, when I'm feeling down in the dumps and I have no one to talk to I like to paint little friends. See this cloud here, he's my friend, he's just floating around looking over his little friends" Bob began to spot the grass with white globs of paint, they start taking the shape of grazing sheep in the cool midnight field. I redirected my focus to my canvas filled with such angry colours in such deep contrast to his peaceful work. "Remember, no mistakes, just happy accidents."

We painted for hours and Bob kept talking... I said nothing for a long time but he would just smile and reassure me as I worked on my piece. I had pictured a Sunday morning in the country with my father as he would take me up a dusty trail up a hill near our house to over look our small town. So I painted a man standing on a mountain over looking a city at Sunrise. While I worked and Bob talked I would notice small things he would do like add small details to everything on the canvas, like he was slowly telling a story piece by piece.

I could tell he loved art, he kept encouraging me and telling me small tricks to make all the houses and trees and clouds pop and stand out while I slowly pieced together a new happy story I had made come to life from the ghost of a forgotten memory. I kept painting and working on the small things that I thought needed fixing, a little dab of blue here and a smear of yellow here as I added an ocean and a dazzling aura of sunlight illuminating the world I had created.

And then finally it was done, a man standing atop a mountain looking over the land he loves. I felt pride, I felt calm, I felt the sunshine through the window and the cold breeze of the door open behind me. And on my bed laid a gorgeous painting of a Shepard sleeping in a field amongst his herd under a beautiful starry night. Next to it was a note that just read.

"Forgive yourself and forgive her, your friend - Bob"

He had picked up the scattered pictures and placed them on the table but left one of us smiling and holding hands. I walked over to my painting and began outlining a second figure.


Adolf woke. 

He wasn’t sure what had awakened him, but he found himself staring at the shadowy ceiling of his tiny flat just the same.  It was quiet – so quiet that he was sure neither dawn nor dusk were anywhere close at hand – and yet, still he was awake. More awake, in fact, than he had felt in years. He shivered beneath his blanket despite the warmth, and lit a candle. 

“What do you want?” He asked the darkness. It felt right, he thought, to speak like this into the night. He could feel eyes on him, even if he wasn’t sure anyone was really there. If he was wrong, no one would be the wiser. But if he was right…

Hitler gasped as a hooded figure rose from the darkness at the foot of his bed, growing like a shadow at dusk. He clutched the covers closer to his chest. 

“What are you!?” He exclaimed. “Some specter? Are you some devil, come to steal the breath from my lungs and soul from my flesh? Show yourself!” 

To his surprise, the figure stopped, holding up a finger as if to ask for a moment while he fumbled with his hood. It seemed to bulge oddly, as if it were caught on something, but eventually he pulled it free. 

It was simply a man.

“Sorry. Must have…slipped? Never did like these cloaks.” The figure said in halting German. He flashed Adolf a sheepish smile, and despite himself the pajama-clad man felt himself begin to smile as well. There was something about him, about the way he looked just a bit embarrassed beneath his disheveled bush of hair that was endearing. Despite that, however, he wasn’t ready to relax just yet. 

“Who…who are you? Why have you come here into my bedchambers so rudely, and without invitation?” Adolf asked. 

Again, the man smiled. “Oh…I don’t think I’m anyone that special.” He said. “Just a…teacher? Is that the word? I work with paint, and I thought…you might enjoy getting to paint, a bit.” 

Hitler blinked. “I…well, yes. I consider myself quite the expert, if I do say so. But why have you come? Are you from the school? You are no one I recognize.” He looked the man up and down, and was struck by how odd he looked with his black cloak and his fuzzy head. It reminded him of something, though he couldn’t quite put a finger on what it was.

“Well, no, not from the school exactly.” The strange man said. “I am…from far away? The others, they have…sealed this time off, yes? So no one else can come. You are rather unpopular, where I come from. Many have sought your life, though we have stopped them all…will have stopped them? You even stopped a few yourself, I think.” 

“Stopped? My life?” Adolf asked, frowning. “I have no recollection of this. Why do they seek to kill me? I have done no wrong to warrant it, at least in memory.”

“Yes, well…it’s all a bit complicated. Harder, too, in German. I cannot explain. Regardless, I was sent here as…an apology. For things that haven’t, and will never happen. For my rudeness, I also apologize. Now was the only time I could come. It was the earliest we could reach before they started coming. Now, I must ask again…would you paint with me?” 

“*Pinsel!*” Hitler exclaimed. “*Ein pinsel*! I knew you looked like something! Yes, Mr. Pinsel, I will paint with you. If only because this is clearly a dream, and I have quite the love of painting.” 

The man smiled. From somewhere within his cloak – where, Hitler couldn’t imagine, as it was rather tight– he withdrew a pair of easels, complete with canvas, paint, and brushes. 

“Very well!” He said. “Let us paint!” 

And so they did. 

The hours fled before their strokes, each of them trying to outdo the other in painting after painting. Hitler was surprised – though this man was clearly not German, he was still very, very good. Better, indeed, than Hitler himself, though he didn’t want to admit it. But never once did he flaunt his superiority. Indeed, he made fun of his own imperfections, laughing and turning them into a beauty the likes of which Hitler had to admire. “There are no mistakes.” He explained. “Merely…accidents. Happy accidents.” 

The man, too, was surprised at Adolf. In the history books, all they ever spoke of was the hatred, the atrocities. The monster. Instead, what he found before him was a man. A man like himself, filled with laughter and art and pain and joy and sorrow. Perhaps that was even more frightening than the beast. 

But soon, the sky outside the window turned from black to gray, and the candle burned low in its stand. 

“Alas, Adolf, our time grows short.” The man said. “I’m afraid I will need to be leaving soon.” 

“Ah! You speak truth, Mr. Pinsel. I forgot the hour! Though I am still not sure whether you were real or not, our time together was quite enjoyable. I hope that you come to visit again. Perhaps there is a thing or two I could learn.” 

“Yes. I think…I think that would be nice.” The cloaked man said, smiling sadly. “Goodbye, Adolf. Good luck with your painting. I hope it brings you much joy, even when times are bleakest.” He offered a hand.

“And you as well, my friend.” Adolf replied. He grasped his hand, and was shocked to find a needle in his palm. At once, Hitler began to fall, only to be caught and dropped gently into bed by the cloaked stranger. 

The man shook his head. “I don’t know if I can call the mistakes you are going to make happy, Adolf, but you deserve the chance to make them. That’s only right.” 

With a whirl of his cloak, Mr. Pinsel was gone, leaving nothing behind but a single canvas and a few drops of paint on the future tyrant’s bedclothes.


The German was at his wit's end, almost ready to throw away the canvas completely.

Were it not for the man with the strange hair, it would have been one of hundreds tossed aside.

"Now remember what I said Adolph" the stranger named Bob said with his gentle voice.

Hitler sighed, "There are no mistakes, only happy accidents." He remembered and replied almost robotically.

Bob nodded, with his strange hair gently shaking. His brush working a nearby canvas as he hummed a wordless tune.

Hitler could only stare at this oddity of a man and wonder *'How does he stay so positive?!'*

He wanted to know more about America, the country this man belonged to, but he always shrugged off any specific questions.

The only thing Bob acknowledged was that previous attempts on Adolph's life were from people of his time and some set in Bob's future. Yet here this stranger stood, painting as if he was in his own studio.

Despite his attempts to apply for the Academy, Hitler was turned down every moment. His personal life was taking a turn for the worse as well.
More and more he was frustrated, angry, unhappy, and needed to vent somewhere. He found that place in the happy settings that he and Bob created.

Wonderful trees, beautiful skies, a utopia, and one Adolph wished would be so in reality.
Then one day, Bob was not at the easel. He stared at a nearby window looking at the populace below.
"I didn't care much to draw people." Bob broke the silence. 

Adolph was slightly shocked by this admission of professional weakness. Bob never admitted to anything limiting himself or Adolph, always encouraging that anything is possible. Adolph wondered if this was a test, "Yes they do require some extra skill compared to a happy little tree." He tried to smile as he replied.

Bob turned to look Adolph in the eyes; warm but still distant, as though looking at something millions of miles away.
"Capturing the esscence of people is hard to do on paint. What matters is capturing the imagination of people as they look at your pantings *right there*." The man's gaze returned back to Adolph, taking his shoulder and guiding the young German to another room.

It was filled with all of Adolph's past pantings, ones he thought he threw away. He gave Bob an incredulous look, "I threw these away! They are garbage! They are mis--"

Bob cut him off, "They are happy accidents. Merely pantings you haven't finished because you gave up on them. Just like how so many give up on lots of things and others."

Grabbing Adolph rather roughly, he spun the man to face his previous discards. "You left every one of these? Why?" Pointing to a random picture, "Because it was after your rejection letter?" Then another, "Because that one girl you like didn't reciprocate?" Another off in the corner, "Because you were so caught up in the details you didn't remember the heart of your creation?!"

At this point Adolph's anger boiled, "YES YES and YES! All of them are failures. The Academy wouldn't take suchs sloppy details! **I AM A FAILURE!**" Tears almost forming in the corners of his eyes.

Bob released his shoulders, the calm voice returning, "So who are you painting for? Them or you? Each of these paintings deserve a chance to be finished. That's art, that's what is missing, and that's why I want you to finish them."

So the weeks went, Adolph Hitler consulted Bob Ross on every "mistake" he wanted to discard. Bob would offer advice on what could be used to improve upon the paintings. As they worked together, Adolph lost his resentment to society little by little and replaced it with his own pride on the art.

It was later when Bob announced a public display at a nearby park, featuring Hitler's works. The presentation wasn't to the art critics, the Academy, or anyone of high importance to society. It was to the common man and woman. The beggars, the old, the Jews and the Gentiles alike. Some found his art interesting, some disagreed, others found it boring, but those that stayed grouped around him to ask about his styles. With each presentation, the small groups grew.

Bob tried to show Adolph Hitler that every man, woman, and child deserves to see art. It wasn't reserved for anyone special. It was there for everyone to touch their hearts. As a result of these presentations he made waves, for good and ill, in the art world. Slowly Adolph was displaying his art in public or even painting on the sides of buildings in secret. All of this to show his audience, his *people*, that they had the power to choose what art was instead of the academies.

Bob eventually returned to his own time, hoping that the swell of the audience would give Adolph the love he apparently didn't get in his life. As Bob noted subtle changes to the "present" he noticed that WW2 sadly still occured, but under different circumstances.

Researching Hitler's life, he found that the young man was killed in WW1 by a jealous French prostitute. Apparently she was enamored by his successes and grew frantic in her obsession. This young Jewish girl killed him and herself in a misguided attempt to "be together forever".

Bob Ross was taken aback by the news, or rather history, and looked at the masses of people in the library.
Conflicted in his feelings. He prevented WW2 as he knew it, but at the cost of a young man and woman. 
Countless lives changed forever. 
"I didn't care much to draw people." Bob broke the silence to himself, "People are too chaotic to figure out."


The suite on the sixth floor of the Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C., was decorated in chestnut and tan.  The headboard of the king size bed was carved as if it was a coat of arms of some legitimate monarch, and was trimmed with fake gold, which poorly matched the Kremlin red, velvet throw pillows.  Like the room's single, useless accent wall, the curtains were a brutal cerulean, suggesting a space that conceals more deception than the dark seabed of a Vladivostok harbor.  In all, the suite was reminiscent of something a Tsar might have once maintained, perhaps as quarters for secondary guests in some Eastern Palace.  Nevertheless, on that particular Pennsylvania Avenue afternoon, Ajit Pai, FCC Chairman, felt anything but secondary.  

Ajit rolled over on the sheets, letting his chesthair peak out from his robe, and then stretching all the way from his scapula to his calves.  Laying beside him, Lowell C. McAdam, CEO of Verizon Communications, picked another chocolate covered strawberry from the bowl.  He placed it in Ajit's mouth, letting his hand linger on his former General Counsel's lips just a moment too long.

"You know I love dessert," Ajit said, "but I hope you have something else for me."

"I don't recall you ever being so direct before, my Sugar Plum" Lowell returned, clasping Ajit's buttocks.

"Maybe those FTC boys go easy on you," Ajit answered, pulling away, but only a little, only for show, "but I'm from the FCC, so you better show me the cash first!"

Lowell sighed.  He spun off the bed.  He sauntered over to the bureau and picked up a leather briefcase with two silver latches.  Lowell showed Ajit what was inside: stacks and stacks of crisp hundred dollar bills.

"Just to be clear," Lowell explained, "every last cent of this is to repeal net neutrality.  You're giving me that ass for free."

Lowell pounced down on top of Ajit, groping at him the way a crude man only does to a prostitute.  Ajit loved feeling bought and paid for.  He giggled and squealed, and the two men kissed.

But suddenly, the passion and privacy of the suite was shattered by a flash of light and a thunderous clap.  The hideous furniture Ivanka had inexplicably wanted credit for rattled along the carpet.  When the two lovers and conspirators regained their composure, there was a strange young man and woman standing before them, wearing tattered jeans and leather vests.  They both had AK-47s draped over their shoulders.  The woman punched Ajit hard in the jaw.

"Are you Ajit Pai the FCC chairman or Ajit Pai the cricketer!" she demanded.  Her face was stained with dirt.

"What?  Who are you?  Where did you come from?" Ajit asked, favoring his chin, his whole body quivering.

"FCC chairman or cricketer!" the woman shouted again, brandishing the AK-47 at the frightened, half naked businessman, and lobbyist pretending to be a guard of the public interest.

"FCC!" Ajit replied, "Yes, I'm with the FCC!"

"You know why she had to ask that, motherfucker?" the rough man began, "because the only other famous Ajit Pai was a fucking cricket player, and where we come from, Wikipedia pages take twenty minutes to load, unless you pay an extra $9.99 a month!  So all we really had to go on was the fucking disambiguation page.  You know how hard it is to tell an artificially intelligent time machine where you want to go, when all it can access are the goddamn disambiguation pages?"

The man picked Ajit up, and threw him onto the bed.  He did the same to Lowell.

"Your little side deal here," the woman explained to the telecommunications executives, "let me tell you how this goes down.  First, you repeal net neutrality for some chump change kickback.  Then, of course, all the asshole ISPs start tacking on surcharges for people to get on pretty much all the good websites, until nobody could afford more than one.  So, the same thing happened that always happens when you force people to choose teams.  Society broke apart completely.  Soon, the Youtubian Republic was throwing molotov cocktails at the Facebook Moms, and the Netflixtariat were being rounded up by the Insta-thots.  Nobody talks to each other or shares anything, and it is terrible."
  
Ajit and Lowell looked to the door and windows, thinking of any possible escape.  But there was none.  They were hostages of an uncaring power who had no concern for their well being.

"But there was one silver lining to not having the web you're used to," the rough man continued, "Without an open internet, nobody else got to find out that we finally cracked how to build a fully operational time machine.  We didn't tweet about it or do a single AMA.  Because why would we?  There'd be nobody online to see it.  That means we were able to skip all the bullshit and just travel right back here, right to this moment, before you two fucked each other, and then the whole country."

"Are," Lowell stammered, "are you going to kill us?"

The time travelers laughed, then stuck peculiar glowing orbs on the lovers' chests.

"No, we're not going to kill you," the woman replied, "instead, we're just going to send you boys into the future you're trying to create.  And we'll stay back here in 2017, when things were at least only halfway terrible."

"What?  No, you can't!" Ajit shouted.

"Sure we can," the man told him, "because time travel has no regulations.  I thought you loved it when technology has no regulation."

The woman pushed a button on a strange remote.  The suite filled with another flash of light. Ajit and Lowell embraced.  They vanished.


When I was young, my mother would often tell me stories at bedtime, stories of the internet when she was a little girl. 
She told of how it was beautiful. How the memes ran free, without restraint, without obstacle. 
I didn't know what had happened to this internet back then. I was too young to understand the ways things were now. 

But as I grew older, my mother began to tell me new stories. 

She told me how the beautiful internet she had once called home came under attack. 

With sadness in her eyes, she recounted the doomed fight the denizens of the internet waged. She told of how her people fought against the forces that threatened the very essence of their home, net neutrality. 
I listened, eyes wide, as she reminisced about the days when the feed was clogged with red boxes, and how the dwellers of every corner of the internet came out and fought for their homeland. 

They fought with the facts, and with outrage, and ----E pitchforks, and memes. They fought valiantly, with courage and honor.

But in the end, they couldn't save the internet. Net neutrality became nothing but a distant memory, and the internet she had loved was gone. Slowly but surely, all that which made the internet beautiful was stripped away until there was nothing left. The heroes failed, and darkness prevailed. 

Today, the internet is but a shell of its former self, and we live in despair. There are no more cat videos, no gifs. All memes are dead memes. The world is cold, and all that is left for us humans is to suffer in the dark.

At least, that's what I thought. But then, I learned that there were still some people fighting, even today, when the internet as it used to be is but a distant dream.
The rebels know there is no hope of saving the internet now. They can't bring something back from the dead. But what if we could go back in time, with the knowledge of what happened in the past, to save the internet from ruin before it was already gone? 

Many years have passed since that cursed year, 2017. Enough time that we now have the technology to go back to that time when the internet had not yet died.

Now, I am part of the small, elite group of rebels that is travelling back to that year. We know that the people responsible for killing the internet have caught wind of what we are doing, that our time is nearly up, that this mission is our best and only chance to save that which our parents loved, and cried for.

I swear to myself, to my mother, and to all those who still hold onto hope, that we will save the internet. We will not fail.


Ajit Pai lied back on his throne and sipped his goblet. He roared in laughter Soon Net Neutrality  would be repealed, and every link on the internet would redirect to a picture of his face unless people payed money to make it go away.

Suddenly, a group of brave souls appeared out of nowhere. 
“Mr. Pai, we came from the year 2038 to stop your reign of terror! In the future, we have to pay 1000 dollars just to browse Google!” the man charged towards Ajti and threw a phone at him.
“NO! Calls to your senators! My only weakness!” Pai started to melt away.
“I almost got away with it, but you brave group of future resistors foiled my evil plans! Curse you, the C.I.R.C.L.E.J.E.R.K.E.R.S!!!!!” and with that, he melted into a pile of goo.
 “Great work gang! Now let’s go stop EA!” The members of the group pulled off their masks, revealing none other than Bernie Sanders, Elon Musk, and Dan Harmon, as they raced off into the night.


Just as Donald was about to press the button that would trigger the bomb - the bomb that would level the FCC headquarters - he heard a voice.  

Named for Donald Trump the First, Inaugurator of the Great American Monopoly, Donald had never heard English spoken with an accent anything like the one the voice carried:

"I'm gunna needya to put that trigga down mate."

There was a distinct menace in the tone, and a confidence of someone who is usually obeyed.

Donald hesitated, wondering if this was one of those illegal aliens people talked about from the time before the walls. People always said aliens talked funny, but few people in 2038 had heard one.

"I dinnea think he underrrstood ye" a second voice muttered, before a third voice exclaimed "Be a good chap and place the trigger on the bed. We won't kill you unless you refuse."

Donald whirled around, expecting to see little grey men, or green sludge monsters. The sight that greeted him was significantly more perplexing. Three men, well dressed, well armed (at least Donald assumed the things they were pointing were weapons) and one of them carried something that Donald had never seen before - a smallish rectangular object which had moving pictures on the top face - the person holding it was jabbing at it and running his fingers across the images.

The first voice spoke again - coming from the closest man, who waved his 'gun' to get Donald's attention. "For the last time, put down tha bloomin' trigga!" 

As Donald slowly complied, he objected as non-threateningly as he could - "You don't know what you're doing! I've travelled here from 2038! Time travel - real genuine time travel! And do you know why? It's to stop the repeal of Net Neutrality!" A touch of desperation crept intonhia tone as he inched his had back toward the trigger mechanism.

"Aye laddie! We ken why you're here. We just can't let you do it!"

"But why?" Donald wailed "the internet is useless when you have to go through a paywall for each leg of every journey your data packets have to go through! Did you know that the top course at every major university is the state sponsored "Bachelor or Trumpian Communication Systems?" Any search that needs to be completed in under a week requires an advanced degree specialist!"

"Well here's the thing old chap" - voice number three again. "You see, we come from 2038 as well. We represent the combined interests of the post industrial economies of our time, which is the rest of the world, give or take." 

Voice number 1 "As much as we admire the effort you and your little cadre of freedom fighters put in to get you here, there are many things you don't understand. 30 November is celebrated all around the world as the day the internet was set free!"

Donald's mouth hung open in disbelief. 30 November was when it happened. When the arch nemeses of all free flowing communication forever plunged the light of the internet into the deepest darkest pit in the lowest circle of hell. Only freedom fighters as.dedicsted as Donald had a chance of fixing it! 

As Donald tried to explain, voice number one cut in again - "Nah mate! You've got it all wrong. Net Neutrality was never even a discussion outside of the USA. The day the FCC killed Net Neutrality in the US, dozens of countries around the world designated internet access an essential service, forever protecting the free flow of information."

Voice number 3 - "He's quite right you know Donald. It took about two weeks for all of the major tech companies to really understand. Then one by one, they reconfigured their offshore disaster recovery solutions to become primary services, and moved operations to any of the countries waiting with open arms to welcome them. Amazon is based in Monaco now, Netflix moved to Scandinavia, Google went truly global and has a presence in every major city, 

Since no content could get oit of the States, media companies from around the world stepped up, globalised their offering and shut down connections to USA.  Even primary DNS services move put of the USA. 

"So no - you won't be killing Ajit today. Go home. When you get there, try to defect - swim 1 mile straight out to sea from this location and well pick you up in person. No one should have accept sub-standard internet.


Chapter 1:

Two birds with one stone.
Those were grandfather Elon's last words.

He hadn't whispered them, no. 
He had invented them... and engraved them onto the side of the titanium sphere.

It was no secret that our family had been part of the revolution. Grandpa's effect on the world had been as far reaching anyone could've imagined. His constant innovating and activism, and his unwavering commitment to ultimate truth had been garnering unwanted attention since before any of us were even born™. It's a miracle they even pardoned him after the corporations finally shut it down.

Strange as it seems, things felt pretty normal for us.
How was I supposed to know that 10' by 10' crate in the basement was any different from the myriad of inventions and rocket parts gathering dust in storage? In fact, I hadn't even noticed it until its specific mention in our power of attorney meeting last fall. Grandad had been deteriorating and all I had wanted to do was see to his care. 

Who the fuck leaves their grandkids a time machine?!


Chapter 2:
"Box Clause"

(I swear I have a whole plot outline drawn up for this, but I have to go to bed. Will try to finish up tomorrow. If you want it, PM me and I will share it with you.)


November, 2017. A month right before everything went wrong. It all started out with that repeal of net neutrality. Almost immediately, the ISP's began to go back on their promises that they wouldn't limit access for customers. Within a few months, the ISP's managed to stratify the internet by wealth. Internet culture came to a screeching halt in early 2018 as numerous websites deemed as "high bandwidth content" began to go bland and die due to severe restrictions on their access by the general public. There was outrage, of course, but like with many things, the fury died down, and people accepted that this is the way the world was. Slowly but surely, more and more websites began to disappear from the web as their content became more and more restricted. The ISP's became all the more powerful, as they aggressively tried to buy out platforms like Twitter, Tumblr, Reddit, and other social media to further advance their profit margins. The websites that resisted the buyouts were strangled to death with access restrictions. By the time Trump was impeached for the 9th and final time, the damage his negligence caused was irreversible. The ISP's had become all powerful. All information passed through them, and secretly, they were in the process of merging behind the scenes into one massive conglomerate ISP. When the federal government tried to break them up, the conglomerate ISP, eventually known as The Provider, shut down all government services. It was chaos. Since the Provider controlled the flow of all information, it was easy to paint the situation as a failure of governance. The Provider was more than happy to take the mantle as the New Government of the United States.

The year is now 2038. If George Orwell could see the world we are living in, he would die of terror. Three years ago, the Provider mandated that all people have a chip installed in their brains. They were sold as a "virtualized access chips", but that was only on the surface. These were Death Chips. These chips knew the account balance of the people they were implanted in, and if that balance did not qualify for certain levels for information access on the Net, then higher brain function was reduced. These chips literally reduced the thinking capacity of those with low account balances, so much so to create a slave race of drone workers. If an unhappy soul reaches 0, well... brain death.

A few of us escaped the implementation of the chips. For three years, we have been living off the grid in the wastes of Montana, fighting back against the Provider, although never with resounding success. That was until a couple weeks ago. A crazed old man who claims to be a scientists came to us about a year ago with this insane idea about time travel. He said he used to work for the Provider, in their research and development department. When he realized they were entrusting him to create a time machine for the purpose of rewritting history to suit their diabolical needs, he took all their research, and fled, making sure to purge all information relating to the project. We all thought he was crazy, but now it seems he was right. As we prepare to send our first agents back in time to sabatage the ISP's before they sprout their evil, I try to think of a world where digital information is free flowing and equal. As I step into 2017 to fulfill my assigned mission, I shed a single tear seeing how free and open the internet is. It must be protected. At all cost.


As I sat in my darkened bedroom, with only the ghostly glow of my computer screen and the click-clack of my keyboard for company.  I scan through the news feeds, searching for anything that’ll pique my interest, then I see it.

“Americans continue to fight for net neutrality” I murmured the headline to myself.

Then it dawned on me, they’d been fighting it for twenty years, whilst the rest of the world carried on, with free access to the internet.

The little voice in my head commented “still don’t give a fuck”.

And so I carried on with my life, like the other 95.7% of the world.


It's January 19th, 2038. For years, Susan had been working in secret on her time machine. Her goal? Not to kill Hitler. Not to stop Trump. Not to meet Jesus. Her goal is to make it so she can watch Netflix and download games on Steam without having to pay an extra premium. A noble, but petty goal, all things considered. 

She sets the time circuits to November 23rd, 2017. She sees this as the pivotal turning point -- Thanksgiving Day. The day that everyone in the United States is at home with their families, and most likely watching Football or the Macy's parade. When it will be easiest to get their attention. 

She thinks she has it all figured out. She's tested the machine a few times before to go backwards days and even weeks. This will be her biggest jump. Ironically, much like the original Delorean in Back to the Future her ship is fueled by raw plutonium. Also, ironically, thanks to the Trump regime (which has been in power for 20 years thanks to a military coup) she lives in a Libertarian utopia (by which I mean a dystopia) and you can buy plutonium at the corner drug store, just as Doc Brown joked about in Back to the Future. Anyway, enough about how great of a movie Back to the Future is.

The amount of plutonium it depletes is based on how far into the past she travels. She's figured out the exact ratio needed for 2017. In order to be safe and not run out, she's purchased ten times the required amount. She has no plans of getting stranded like in some dumb TV show or movie.

But she's made one specific error. One that would not have exposed itself until this very day, this very hour, this very minute, this very second. Somewhere in the hardware of her time machine, between the interface of the time circuits and the hardware that actually does the quantum calculation on how much fuel to use to bend time and space, there's a chip that takes a 64 bit integer and converts it to a 32 bit one if that number can losslessly be converted. This is an undocumented feature of the chip used to help it do calculations faster. An optimization created by a machine learning algorithm that creates most modern chips of her day.

The impact of this bug is that her time machine is unknowingly affected by the Unix Epoch Bug. As the machine is warming up, the clock ticks over to 03:14:07 UTC. Instead of the time calculation being for -17 years, 1 month, 27 days, from January 19th, 2038, it gets calculated as -17 years, 1 month, 27 days from December 13th, 1901, also known as October 27th, 1884. And because she took ten times the required fuel, which would have enabled her to do ~200 years worth of time travel, the machine happily consumes 3/4 of her fuel to send her 154 years back in time, stranding her with only enough fuel to make it less than a third of the way back home.

As the machine hums to life, nothing seems out of the ordinary to Susan. She's transferred all her data to a 20-year-old laptop so she'll be able to interface with older computers easily. She's brought what she hopes will be enough information to prove to people that not only is she from the future, but that net neutrality is the number one issue that people should be concerned about for the future. More important that global warming, ISIS, North Korea, the 2025 war with Russia, any of that. If only they'd had consistent download speeds, all of that could have been avoided and all those problems solved!

Also at this time I'd like to point out that 21 years (2038 to 2017) is greater than two decades, not "almost two decades." Anyway, I digress.

A flash and a sudden jolt later, and Susan is in 1884. She'd picked the location of her time jump knowing that it would be an empty field in 2017. But in 1884 it was a dense forest. It had not yet been cleared for a cow pasture. There was no Google Street View for her to reference that far back to confirm. There's a small explosion, several pops, and a burning smell as tree trunks around her burst outward as they're displaced in spacetime by her vehicle. A few seconds later, she hears creaking as the damaged trunks bend and break as the trees awkwardly fall around her. She nervously waits out the unexpected cataclysm, hoping it's over. "What the fuck?" she demands, annoyed and frustrated. Then she looks at the time circuits. "What the fuck. God damn it."

*How did this happen?* she thinks to herself. *I took so many precautions. I tested it so many times. So many simulations. How the hell did this happen?* But unfortunately for her, because the chip I mentioned earlier was developed using machine learning, it was essentially a black box in her simulation. Whenever she had tested the chip, the inputs and outputs gave her the values she expected. When she simulated the chip, it was only simulated in terms of its expected inputs and outputs. And she'd never tested it when the current date was after the end of the Unix Epoch. She just hadn't considered it. She never intended to travel to the future, only the past. By 2037, nearly all modern computers and software had long ago been fixed to work around or account for the bug. It just wasn't something people thought about anymore. It seemed like a solved problem.

She activated the augmented reality system that would allow her to look outside the vehicle quickly without leaving it, in order to assess if anything had been damaged. There were some tree trunks leaning on the vehicle and some dents, but overall it seemed to not have taken too much damage. The noise of her arrival also didn't seem to have attracted any unwanted attention. She checked her fuel gauge: slightly less than a quarter remaining. If she activated the ship now to go forward, she could barely make it to 1930. Not good enough. No one would even know what the internet was at that time!

She sat and thought for a few more minutes. *What if I did something like, living one year normally, then traveling forward a year using the time machine? How far could I get that way?* 1976. Plus that would take up literally 46 years of her life, and put the time machine at risk of being stolen or breaking in the interim. And people would still barely know what the internet was! *What if I found more fuel? When was plutonium discovered anyway? Could I use an alternative fuel? Uranium maybe?* She opened her laptop and went to her offline copy of Wikipedia. *Good thing I paid my ISP for Wikipedia Premium service in order to quickly download the entire database before embarking on this trip.* she thought to herself. And then immediately admonished herself for thinking that way. *No! Fuck that! That's exactly the bullshit I came back to fight against! Fuck paying a premium just to have Wikipedia move faster than a 56k modem! Great. Now I'm pissed off again.* She vowed to herself that her mission must succeed!

>Plutonium was first produced and isolated on December 14, 1940 by a deuteron bombardment of uranium-238 in the 60-inch cyclotron at the University of California, Berkeley. First neptunium-238 (half-life 2.1 days) was synthesized which subsequently beta-decayed to form this new element with atomic number 94 and atomic weight 238 (half-life 87.7 years). Since uranium had been named after the planet Uranus and neptunium after the planet Neptune, element 94 was named after Pluto, which at the time was considered to be a planet as well.

*Those idiots, still considering Pluto a planet. People in the past were so dumb. So, 1940. That's only ten years of my life wasted. I think that's do-able.* Then, hating herself for doing it, she brought up the article on Back to the Future. *1885. And I ended up in 1884. What a stupid coincidence. Well, almost-coincidence. Maybe it's not a coincidence and so much of my work has intersected with that movie because I accidentally leave some information in the past? Nah. It's got to be a coincidence.*

Anyway, I just wanted to make a 2038 Unix Epoch Bug joke.


I remembered seeing this back now. 

I thought I should stop by to 2017 on my way back to bitch-slap Karl Marx, and let you all know that it all ends up okay. All of this protesting gets us nowhere, and they do succeeded in banning net neutrality, but the free market saves us. It always does.  

Around mid 2018, despite all of their promises to the contrary, AT&T and Verizon began capitalising on their duopoly. For a few months the future looked truly bleak as people started going outside and getting exposed to the sun, and other people. Necks were shaved, showers were had, it was horrible. 

But seemingly out of nowhere - although in hindsight we really should have trusted in the wisdom of Ajit Pai - smaller ISP's started popping up all along the east coast. The cynics in us outwardly dismissed them and their dreams for a better world; Didn't they know that the corporations and their evil capitalism were too great an opponent? But secretly we all hoped they would succeed and allow us to return to our slovenly ways.

And succeed they did! It wasn't immediately clear how, but over time it was revealed that many of the big content providers had been preparing for just this eventuality. By 2025 Google alone had seeded over 9000 smaller ISP's across the nation. It wasn't fast, and there were many lawsuits, but by time President Trump suffered that fatal aneurysm, we were all safely back in our hovels, bingeing on the latest forgettable rubbish, and spewing our arbitrary opinions into the void.

Still, you are here now, and you can not know that this is other than a fictitious tale. But when the brutal sun is beating down on you as you scurry about in the big outdoors, and you think it's all gone to shit, try to remember: you sometimes need to go through horrible times to truly appreciate the good in the mundane.


Everyone thinks that money can buy you happiness. That's true. But in a world where you're one of five people posting to r/writingprompts the only thing money buys you is loneliness. 

We were all children of the 1%, so the surcharges to browse "freely" didn't matter. By 2038 the charge for "unlimited access" with Pentagon level upload and download speeds was about $40,000/month per user, which was great, but there's no fun to be had in a empty theme park as quiet as a graveyard. 

With the help of Russian and China, President Donald Trump successfully destroyed and conquered North Korea, all without a single nuke going off. Under the cover of war the 22nd Amendment was abolished and Trump repeatedly won re-election. Surprisingly enough, similar to how we stole rocket technology from the Nazi's in WWII, we had recruited and stolen technology from the North Koreans who had expanded the average human life by 200 years. President Trump, now borderline immortal won again and again, with "no-collusion" in every win. 

But who could protest? Any protest assembled online would be immediately shut down for violation of "Terms and Conditions" clauses that you had to agree with even just to watch other people browse the internet (yes this was a thing, pushed the Twitch streaming service to open at the NYSE at $69.00/share).

Protests in person were unorganized and were never able to gain traction as the rewards for stopping them were too good. Anyone with evidence of a protestor's identity was rewarded with 1 TV Shows bandwidth of streaming. Ironically Twitter was free, and anyone who tweeted in support of the President or against the "Fake News Media" was rewarded with credits that they could spend on other sites, a vicious never ending cycle of lies and propaganda, but if it meant free Netflix? Fuck it. 

All resistances needed to be financed and I was a key player in making this happen. We had underground cells of about 100 people in the major cities, a total of 324 people all together. Candidates were selected based on their internet activity (and how dank their memes were) back when it was free, easily accessible through a few thousand dollars in bribes. 

Six years. Six fucking years is how long it took us to build this time machine. All we needed was the perfect candidate to go back in time. 
Someone who could directly influence the politics. Someone who was unsuspecting, someone who nobody would ever presume would be a time traveler. 
Someone who had the ear of the President. Someone who could save us all. 

"Sir?" said a beautiful brunette secretary standing in front of two golden doors, "Governor Barron Trump will see you now".


We stepped out of the small time machine, into the cold November air.

"Holy shit Tara, we made it!"

Ben raised his hand for a high-five, but I ignored it, the FCC was more important.

"Okay, cool, now that we're here we just need to find a place with Internet access."

"Think we're still in Jefferson?"

"Of course we are Ben, It's just Northern California though."

"Oh, right." 

Ben pulled out his phone and began looking at a map.

"Looks like there's a Starbucks about a mile from here!"

"Perfect, let's go."

"Alright." Ben looked towards me, "Hey, what was it we were going to do once we got here?"

"Well, I was gonna start by going to r/WritingPrompts..."


If I shared anything with my reincarnations, it was in our belief in fate. Though each previous version of me held a very different perspective of it. The me that had died in the Great Depression thought it a terrible thing, wicked and omnipotent. The me that had lived as king in the middle ages thought it a gift presented by God. Me, I believed it a promise.

My next reincarnation was a baby with deep blue eyes and pink skin named George. He started his life alone. George cried so much that they had to put him in a separate room, devoid of the other infants. A nurse checked in on him every few hours. Nobody blamed her. She had more pressing matters to attend to, such as George’s mother, whose heart rate was steadily growing out of control and her breathing stuttered.

When the young lady died, she did so whispering her son’s name. I wasn’t sure if she ever even got a look at him. In that hospital room, with the flat-line beep of a heart rate monitor, the nurse checking on George stood, lips quivering and fists clenched. 

In this world, children were supposed to be loved by their parents. If not the mother, who else would? For George, it was nobody, not even himself.

The orphanage boasted posters of smiling blonde-haired boys and girls with deep blue eyes. George could’ve been a literal poster boy if he ever smiled. But no matter how many stuffed animals they threw his way, how many hugs and smiles they offered him, they could never get those lip-locked edges to curve up.

By the time he had hit thirteen, he had already smoked his first cigarette and drank his first beer. Nobody wanted to tell him, but everybody knew. Nobody adopted teenagers. He would be a lifer, an unwanted child turned into an unwanted adult.

And on his seventeenth birthday, he bought a gun.

None of us watching were worried at all for other people. Despite everything that happened, George was a gentle boy and that was his problem. Nobody could reach him through his overpowering politeness. It took a mother’s love to chip away at the boy and all he had was an old photo of a ghost who once loved him.

He snuck out when the moon had hit its apex, left all the money he had in a small package with a letter. It read: *Thanks for taking care of me.* And that was it. He didn’t sign it, didn’t address it to anyone, he wrote it all in a cheap pen and stuffed it inside with twelve-hundred dollars cash.

The spot he chose was out of the way. Nobody was nearby to be disturbed. No runners would come this way to be scared. The only selfishness he allowed himself was that it was by a river, a black canvas of glittering moonlight.

“I was never meant to live,” he told himself and us. “This is fate.”

Some of us nodded with him. Others shook their heads. I stared, my neck stiff, eyes unblinking as he put the gun to his temple.

“No,” I whispered. “Don’t do it.”

Some of us, the more boisterous ones, cheered along, egging the boy to pull the trigger. They had seen a thousand lives and would see a thousand more until all of mankind vanished. A single life in a single point of time meant nothing to them. But for me, this was my first.

“No,” I said and stood from my seat. “Please.”

The screen flickered to the tremble of his finger. Soon, it would go completely black. He would fulfill his fate.

“No!” I screamed. “This isn’t how it should go!”

The boisterous ones were no longer laughing. The others around me turned away their eyes. At one point in time, they had all been me. They had thought that life mattered, that our pain had meaning. But after a thousand shows of a thousand lives, most of them only slept through the show.

I clenched my fists, the words swelling in my lungs. Then, I took the breath to give them life and I prayed, that somehow, I wasn’t just a dead man with a loud mouth.

“Don’t pull,” I yelled, tears pouring down my cheeks and snot from my nose. “Not until you have a chance. Maybe you never will, maybe this will be how it always is, maybe I’m wrong about everything, but there’s meaning in your pain! I can’t tell you if I’m right or if I’m certain.” My voice dropped low. “I can only promise.”

George closed his eyes. He hadn’t heard me, of course he wouldn’t.

I held my breath.

Then, George broke down, the gun still pressed to his head. “So cruel,” he whispered to nobody. “After all this, all I have is a promise. That’s all my fate has to offer.”

My eyes went wide. My jaw dropped. “And that’s enough,” I said, my voice too low even for myself to hear.

There, George stood, the gun rigid in his hand. And when his tears fell, so too did his gun.

---

Happy Thanksgiving. /r/jraywang.


Once, I had travelled with my schoolmates to the Royal Albert Hall in London. It struck me then as cavernous, almost as if the architect had taken a traditional gladiator’s arena, slapped a dome over it, then filled it with a winding domino-string of seats in concentric circles. Four storeys of seats, all tilted slightly to face the stage, easily four, five thousand people sitting enraptured by the musical landscapes evoked by the symphony. 

This theatre I was now in, was easily five, six times that size. I couldn’t be sure, actually, because there were no edges which I could perceive without my vision starting to swim.

“Welcome, welcome!” boomed a voice from the stage. The spotlights swivelled to where I was standing, bathing me in golden luminance. “A warm welcome for Gerry Hanley, please! As you all have seen, he lived a long and fruitful life, yielding in the end only to old age! A peaceful end, if you will!”

I didn’t know how to react to the entire audience suddenly rising to their feet, clapping as one for me. I was a schoolteacher in my life. I was used to combative classrooms, and certainly not once had my students ever thought to shower such appreciation for me. I waved weakly in response.

“And now for the results… Gerry Hanley will be going to… Team Blue!”

The groans from half the theatre were drowned out only by the rapturous cheers from the rest. Confetti spilled from the rafters, and I found myself being led down from the stage and along the aisles. Along the way, other apparent team members stretched out their hands, and I high-fived as many as I could. I collapsed into my seat, and finally the spotlights deserted me. I soaked in the relative darkness for a while, glad the attention was off me. Perhaps I could now gain some measure of my bearings.

A single chime rung out through the theatre, deep and sonorous. Some people got up to leave, while others stayed in their seats, chatting with their neighbours. The giant screen on the stage lit up with the words: “Intermission – Five Minutes”.

“You want to grab a drink or something? Next one’s a bit heavy, a soldier in the Russian army, it seems. Might be good to stretch your legs first.”

The speaker was the lady on my right. She wore her dark hair in a tidy bob, and was clad in a sensible evening gown. Habit prodded me to introduce myself and to ask for her name, and we shook hands.

“What are we going to watch?” I asked.

“The life of one Petyr Ivanov,” Beth said. “The same way we just watched your life unfold, from the very first breath to the last.” She laughed at my reaction, then said, “Oh don’t be a prude. There was nothing in your life that we hadn’t seen countless times before.”

“And when… this Petyr has lived out his life, will he come here too? The way I did?”

“Yes,” Beth said. “The same for me, and for everyone else here too. We’ve all been here a long, long time.”

My eyes drifted to the pamphlet I had found in my seat. At the top, I saw Petyr’s name, but it was the subsequent part of the title which intrigued me.

“It says ‘Reincarnation 23,274,899’ here… are we all the same person, just in different lifetimes?” I asked. “So are there other theatres out there, for different people?”

“Not quite,” Beth said. “I mean, you’re right that everyone here is technically the same soul who took turns living on earth, but there are no other theatres. This is it.”

“That doesn’t make sense,” I said. “What’s so special about us that only we get reincarnated? I mean, there are so many other peo-” 

“Oh, oh, you misunderstand!” Beth laughed. “There’s only one soul. One human soul. It’s just been split, or copied, I don’t know the term, but it’s the same soul in every living person on earth.”

“… Just different physical vessels then?” I said, turning the possibilities over in my mind. “Different circumstances of birth, different living conditions… but everyone has the exact same soul?”

“Yes,” Beth said. “You catch on quick.”

I was quiet for a while. The seconds ticked off the timer on the screen, and the lights began to dim. People streamed back in, holding little bags of what I assumed to be snacks.

“What’s this Team Blue thing they assigned me to?” I asked.

“Everyone makes choices, see. No one here has ever seen the rules themselves. But we’ve watched enough to, if you will, kind of guess which Team someone will end up in, based on what they did on earth. You’re one of the ‘good’ ones. Morals are hard to pin down, every society’s got their own interpretations, so it always keeps us on our toes.”

“I suppose those people are in Team Red then?” I said, pointing to the other half of the theatre. Beth nodded. “So what’s the point of it all then? What happens when we finally finish watching the lives of everyone on earth? What happens when one Team outnumbers the other?”

Beth smiled. Hidden projectors whirred to life, and the screen flickered with images of a baby boy, being handed over from a midwife to his mother. The audience clapped, and sporadic shouts of “Go Team Blue!” and “Do Team Red proud” emanated from various pockets of the crowd. 

“I suppose then there will be a final reckoning,” Beth said.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny


"What is this?" I asked as I made my way down the aisle. 

It was a normal theater, in fact it looked just like the one that I used to visit all the time with my wife, but something was... different. There were five other people in the room, all seated nearly as far apart as possible. Something prickled in the back of my mind, something that connected me to those other people, but I wasn't sure what it was.

"What is this?" I repeated, louder this time.

"Just shut up and take a seat." A man in the top right section of the theater shouted back.

Grumbling, I found a seat in the bottom section of the theater and settled in, watching as the screen changed, showing a video that began with a blast of white light. The peculiar thing was though... as I watched, I recognized every moment of the film. It was my life. *My* life, exactly. From the moment I exited the hospital on my birth date, to the moment I took my final breath. My entire life, summed up in a five minute video.

"What the...?" I began, when someone plopped down in the seat next to me.

"Pretty crazy, huh?" A man said, and when my eyes found his, I gasped.

He looked exactly like me, as if someone had dropped me into a cloning machine. Or was I a clone of him?

"What is this?" I asked for the third time.

My clone motioned around to the theater. "Welcome to the Brady Wells Cinema, my friend. We all wind up here eventually. The Brady in the corner up there? He was the first one of us to show up here."

"That's... nice." I breathed, still awestruck by the man in front of me. "But what is this place?"

Other Brady relaxed back into his chair, letting his arms stretch out behind him. "Call it Heaven, call it Hell, whatever you want, but we've got one job while we're here: to watch."

"Watch what?"

Other Brady pointed at the screen, which was fading from black to gray, like those scenes where someone is opening their eyes.

"The next Brady. We watch his life and pray that he gets it right. If he doesn't, he'll show up here, just like you did." At the look I gave him, Other Brady grinned. "Aw don't feel bad, Brady, I'm here too, aren't I?"

I nodded, still not quite understanding. The screen faded to white, and then a room came into view. A hospital room, a plethora of doctors, and a very joy-struck man that held his arms out towards New Brady.

"What do you mean we 'pray that he gets it right'? Get what right?" Someone in the upper section directed a loud *shhh!* in our direction.

Other Brady casually flipped them off without ever taking his eyes off me. "Life. If you haven't guessed yet, we're all here because we failed in some way. Brady number 3 up there? One of the richest men alive, but no kids. Not even money buys our way to the Great Beyond. So we watch. And we pray that the latest Brady gets it right, then we can all move on."

"That doesn't make any sense." I said finally, struggling to keep my voice below a whisper. 

"What do you mean?"

"You just sit here and watch? That's it? What's the point if you can't help the latest Brady live his life correctly? It could take a millennia to get it right." I glanced around the theater. Only five other versions of myself in the room. How many more until we got it right?

"Look, I'm not saying I like it, or that it's perfect, but it's just how it is. I don't make the rules. That door you came through? It only opens once, and that's when the latest Brady dies, otherwise it's locked. So yeah, we just sit here and watch." Other Brady whispered, keeping his eyes glued to the screen.

The latest Brady was being rocked gently by strong arms. A soft lullaby was being sung by an unseen woman. 

"Have you ever tried to go through the door when it is open?" I whispered, and Other Brady spun on me so quickly, it was almost inhuman. 

"No," he hissed like a venomous serpent, "and we aren't ever going to. You may not like it, Brady, but this is how it is. We sit and watch. You try to disrupt that and cause trouble? We'll stop you. We've done it before." And with that, Other Brady rose from his seat and relocated himself to across the room.

I sighed, slumping into my seat like a pouting child. My eyes found the screen, watching reluctantly as Brady was passed off to the father. He was crying happily, hugging the baby close to his chest. Was this really all there was in the afterlife? A dim theater with irritated versions of myself? I wanted to believe that this was all some horrible dream, that I would wake up in my bed an old, weary man, but I knew I wouldn't. My time had passed, and now it was this New Brady's turn at life. I would just have to learn to deal with it.

As I watched the film, I adjusted my position in the seat, trying to get comfortable in these budget theater chairs. It was going to be a long movie.


"No! No! Don't become a pornstar!"
Me from 4 lives ago began shouting at the screen.

"The male ones don't make any money!" said me from 1 life ahead.

"Who cares? He'll be living the rest of his life banging hot girls!" objected me from 10 lives ago

"But it's like your favorite food or music, when you have it too much you get bored." 

"Not to mention the STDs," pointed out me from 7 lives ago.

"We know you were a fucking doctor, shut the fuck up!" The speaker (I honestly can't keep track of the numbers) was a boxer who had anger issues.

"Make me bitch!"

'Hold up, hold up, he's gonna decide!" said one of the younger mes.

The current me started deciding between a full ride to his state college and going with his contact in the industry labeled in his phone as "Slimy Susan".

Eventually, he put down his phone, and started looking up careers for an english major.

"NO!" shouted me from 4 lives ago. "Shit, become a pornstar, become a pornstar!"
A brawl broke out between the mes.

I put my head in my hands. I'd really prefer hell right now.


It had already been explained to me by the closest incarnation to me; I was dead. He told me to keep quiet during the movie, but at first I didn’t understand. I just dumbly ask how I died. I saw him, well me, try to subdue a laugh as it was explained to me how they’d all watched me choke out on the tiny chicken bone I’d managed to get lodged in my throat. Apparently it was amongst the top 5 worst ways some version of me had left the world yet. The strange thought occurred to me to sue the company who packaged the chicken strips, before I realised I’d never be earning any money again whatsoever.

Not just that. I’d never see mom, Eric, anyone. My mind felt numb at the thought; it wasn’t something that I could wrap my head round. I’d never sit in traffic again. Never open my presents at Christmas. Never enjoy the bitter sweet smell of freshly roast coffee. Never see Lara.

Lara. The thought of her exploded in my mind like a firework. I’d left her behind. I’d left her with all those half formed plans for the future that we’d never be able to put into action. She was probably laughing right now at the absurd way I went out, it was just her kind of dark humour. My heart felt heavy thinking of her; it was the first time I’d felt anything but shock since I sat down in this fucking cinema. I’d never see her again. Never watch that stupid little eye twitch she does as she falls asleep, never laugh at her otherwise shitty jokes just because she finds them so funny. Never feel her warmth next to me again as I drift off to sleep.

No, now I got to watch my next incarnation. Part of me wanted to grab a selection of junk food like I’d usually do at the movies, but after I’d got used to the dark I quickly realised there were no doors. Besides, even if there was, who the hell’s gonna want to serve hot dogs in the afterlife? All that remained was me, what must have been hundreds of me, this room, and the next life.

Suddenly the screen came to life. As I watched my newest birth, the me sat next to me made sure I understood these first few years would be boring. Apparently every cycle I’m a bad baby. Always crying, whining. That crying was etched in my brain. The more I listened to it, the more I could hear myself a little in there. It was unmistakable. I watched as this woman who was my mother, but not my mother, cared for me by herself. It was interesting that she was a single mother too; something my old life had in common with my new.

The years dragged by. I went through the motions. I went through school. I made friends. I done slightly better in my grades than I had before. I watched myself make similar awkward mistakes as my teenage years. I watched myself scream the most horrible shit at my new mom, this new woman who raised me. I laughed along with my new self, and all the others watching. I cringed at my embarrassment. I felt disappointment. I felt like I was living again.

Except I wasn’t. Not really. This wasn’t really MY life. It was just a life. One of billions. I was watching someone who was both so familiar and a stranger to me. It was the little things. I didn’t prefer baths to showers. I’d never get caught dead listening to techno music. It was me broadly, but not entirely. The similarities were there though. 

I watched as I started college and settled down into a nearby café. Just another day. At this point I was getting just as bored watching my life as this new me was living it. I was sitting sipping on a coffee, doing everything I could to avoid a lecture. I noticed how busy the café was, and while I was trying to study, I could see the noise wouldn’t allow that to happen. The hum of conversation. I saw myself look up at the seat across from me, no doubt seeing everyone else sitting with someone. That was one thing we had in common; a little bit of perpetual loneliness.

I watched myself finish my coffee. I watched myself almost choke on the last drop. For a second I thought I’d be dying the same way again. But I wasn’t choking normally. I just couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Both of me. 

I watched as Lara asked me ‘is this seat taken?’, not giving me a chance to answer as she planked herself in the seat across from me. I awkwardly struggled to say something, but all I could get out was a quiet ‘no, you can sit there if you want’. I couldn’t comprehend what I was seeing. I just watched it unfold dumbly. I watched the awkward silence as I could see myself wondering whether to start a conversation. I watched her look at me with that inquisitive look on her face she always had when she expected something. I had to stop myself shouting at the screen. I couldn’t just let her walk away. 

Eventually after what felt like a lifetime it was her that broke the silence. I suppose I should have expected that. She jokingly asked why I was still sitting there when my coffee had been empty the full time. I couldn’t feel it, but I knew my face had went red. I joked about how I was just daydreaming, and that I didn’t want to go to class. She replied simply ‘well if you don’t want to go, don’t go.’

I watched myself spend that afternoon with her. I watched myself awkwardly ask for her number. No doubt I was terrified, but I couldn’t face not seeing her again. Over the next few months I watched, no, I felt myself fall in love with her again. I watched myself come up with new inside jokes that were different yet the same. I watched her do her stupid little eye twitch as she fell asleep. I laughed at her shitty jokes just because of how funny she found them. I watched myself sleep next to her, and sometimes I swear I could feel her warmth, as if she was right there beside me.

I watched myself do what I’d never managed to do before. All those half assed plans we had, while not the exact same, were still there in spirit. We travelled together. I watched us have kids, I watched us grow old together. I was engrossed in every moment. I barely took my eyes off the screen, but when I did and I looked around I saw the same sense of wonder and happiness written across my face countless times. They had to have seen this play out hundreds of times, over centuries and millennia, and it still touched them the same way it did me.

Finally I watched as she passed away first. Not in any funny way this time; just old age. But instead of sadness, the thought that crossed my mind was one of pure joy; she would pass on and enter a cinema somewhere. She would watch her life unfold again. For all the differences across her lifetimes, she too would watch us meet each other. Watch us fall in love again. Hell, she already had. We had together, even if not physically. And we would forever.

I greeted the new me who arrived in the cinema with a smile on my face and told him to enjoy the movie.


**Day 1:**

I can't believe this, and neither should you, frankly. Does it not to you seem contradictory in any sense that my reincarnations, all of a similar person (myself) yet different, a phenomenon I can only compare somewhat to the various editions of a book, can exist someplace all at once? "Where is this cinema?" I ask. None of me know the answer, but nobody leaves, and nobody but myself comes. There are 78 of me here, myself excluded, henceforth to be known in the grammatically appropriate contexts as *myselves*. The others' appearances I simply cannot describe. They look neither old nor young — they look visibly rejuvenated, glowing with a virtually tangible youthfulness, yet have retained in their bones and their cranium the wisdom that comes solely through old age and maturity. We are all naked, yet feel no shame.

The cinema has 10 rows of eight seats. I take my seat at the front-most row, my head permanently in motion as I observe the people around me. There do, ironically, appear to be cliques, as though 78 versions of myself could not all get along. The large screen looming ahead of us is blank, so I rise from my seat and engage in conversation with myselves, an act I am familiar with, it not being the first time I have spoken to myself. The screen remains blank.


**Day 293:**

I have not, contrary to the experiences of myselves' many ex-girlfriends, as myselves have been only too pleased to point out, gotten bored of speaking to myselves, but am satisfied anyway with the first visible signs of life. For the first time in what feels like a decade (though I am assured by Myself #23, the official timekeeper, that it is the 293rd day of Myself #80's life), the cinema lights up, rather abruptly. There appears briefly to be a problem with the sound system — which, I should mention, emitted exactly what Myself #80 heard during his time in his mother's womb — but it eventually returns to normal, and the screen is filled with a light so bright that as I turn my head to look around, for the first time since my abrupt materialisation in the dimly-lit cinema I am able to properly see my surroundings. As myselves return to their seats from the circles they had formed with their cliques, I follow suit to observe the birth of Myself #80, Arturo Bennedetto.


**Day 3087:**

Arturo is growing up rather nicely. He's a bright boy, with a wit far sharper than that of his peers, and a passion for reading that most of myselves and I can relate to. Here he is now, waking blissfully to the delicate birdsong, which floats gently through his open window to alight, note by note, on his forehead. He cleans up and hops downstairs, only to see his parents arguing heatedly over the island counter in his kitchen for the seventeenth consecutive day, not that they are aware of his maturity and the fact that he has been keeping count. Not that they care anyway. Bitterly, he pours a cup of water down his throat, and leaves the room.


**Day 6201:**

Arturo has dressed his best. Out the door he strolls in suit and tie, ignoring completely his bickering parents, having already been desensitized, every one of his steps oozing with confidence, the sunny summer weather perfectly reflecting his cheer. Down the pavement he walks, whistling a cheerful air, arriving, inevitably, at Ambra Carino's. Prom is just around the corner, and who better to ask to it? After all, they are best friends, united not only through a love of literature but their troubled pasts and the intricacy of their characters.

With two self-assured knocks at her door, myselves and I eagerly awaiting what surely will be a rare day to celebrate, he announces his arrival. There is no response. He glances at his watch — it is half past 12. Knowing Ambra lives alone and there is no risk of waking another, he knocks again, on this occasion more than twice, and again, till five minutes have passed. His imagination providing several pessimistic reasons for the lack of a response, as is only typical of it, Arturo runs to the backdoor and knocks again. The silence is disquieting. He sheepishly calls her cellphone, only to have nobody pick up, and rereads their texts, only to detect nothing abnormal, nor any announcement of her leaving the house. A tear beginning to well in his eye, more out of the somewhat unreasonable but very real concern and fear his personality naturally generates than anything else, he reaches for the top of the door-frame, clasping with relief the key he knew he would find, and shoving it, with trembling fingers, into the keyhole.

As the door swings open, he runs into the house and up the flight of stairs, arriving first at her bedroom door. Despite managing to calm himself down enough to at least knock at the door again, there is again no response. Arturo takes a step back, runs at the door, and kicks it open with his right foot. As it swings on its hinges, ricocheting off the wall on which it is mounted before once again covering the frame of the door, Arturo glimpses a sight of unimaginably horrifying proportions, much to his shock, and ours too. The bedroom door sways close, hiding Ambra's hanging, lifeless body, and Arturo, his self-confidence depleted, his swagger torn to shreds, simply doesn't know what to do. He presently decides to break down and cry.


**Day 6210:**

"What will happen when the final seat is taken?" I once asked Myself #2.

"Who knows?" he replied. "Perhaps we will all be reincarnated and a new circle will begin. Perhaps some of us will go to heaven and some to hell. Less unrealistically, though, perhaps the cinema will just continue to fill."

As Arturo falls, then, from the top of the building, bracing himself for the impact, yet relatively sanguine, willing the earth to envelope him and to welcome him, I, too, brace myself for the impact, and mourn the loss of Myself #80.

**[Edits: attempts at formatting.]**


The curtains shrugged, their red cotton billowing as they parted. Behind them, a huge screen began to flicker with grey and white dots: the static of anticipation.

Tracey looked around her; she wasn't scared -- she knew where she was. Or at least *roughly*, she knew where she was. Mainly boys and girls sat on the tall, crimson seats around her -- a few older looking children too, but no adults. Just... freaks whose faces were a twisted abnormality of her own; who wore self-satisfied smiles as the tossed popcorn at each other and giggled stupidly. It was like flicking through a family photo album that had been half melted in a fire. She already hated them and their happiness. 

"Hey," said a boy next to her. "You're new here, right?" Tracey was about to tell him to *mind-his-own-damned-business*, when she noticed his smile. The boy's front tooth, on the left side, was chipped almost identically to her own. "My name's Andrew," he said. "Are you a Tracey or an Emily, or..."

He left a gap for Tracey to fill in. She didn't

The boy pushed his popcorn towards her; popped kernels spilled over the edge like a frothing wave.

"Do you want some? We can share -- it's not problem, I can always get more."

"Your tooth," she said, pointing to her own. "How did you?"

He giggled. "Same way the rest of us d-"

"Shh," said someone behind them. "*It's starting.*"

A moving picture appeared on the screen; black and white, like one of those movies she'd never watched fully when they came on television. The image was of a small town Tracey recognised. There were swollen, black clouds lurking menacingly over it, throwing their heavy burden down onto the town as if out of spite. As Tracey watched, the image panned in on the sprawling grey brick of the town's only hospital -- then went closer still, closer to the ground, until it arrived outside the hospital's wide front door. A voice began to speak as the camera rushed down sterile hallways; a voice deep and rich, with a resonance that sent a shiver down Tracey's spine.

"Emily Oates was born in the town of Thicket Springs, on January the first, 2004. As the small, former mining town battled against the worst storm it had witnessed in over fifty years, Julia Oates battled inside Saint Mary's hospital for something else entirely: her life, and that of her baby." 

"You might want to look away," whispered Andrew. "Most don't like this part, but personally... I like seeing what she looked like. It's better than the photos." He smiled goofily as he looked back at the screen.

Tracey glanced around the cinema; many of the children were covering their eyes or holding their popcorn bags in front of their faces.

The camera focused on her mother's straining face, as blood vessels inside her burst. On the tears that fell from her beaming face as -- for just a moment -- she heard her baby girl cry.

"This was a battle Julia believed she won," said the deep voice, sounding at least slightly mournful. "Even as her eyes closed, for a final time."

Tracey swallowed hard, determined not to let tears well in her eyes. She never cried. No. It wouldn't happen!

The film moved on: the funeral and the mourners dressed in black, smiling as they hovered over the pram. Her dad always there for her; feeding and changing and singing to her. Then, it showed a side of him she couldn't have known about back then; the manifested depression that he'd suffered on losing his wife. How when she slept in her crib, he never did. When his lullabies sent her to a peaceful sleep, he would take a bottle of whiskey to his room and drink until the sun rose or she cried out.

"I didn't know..." she whispered, not meaning to say it out loud.

"Of course not," said Andrew. "How could we have done?"

"We?"

"You must have guessed who we all are, right?"

"I...You're... you're other me-s?"

"Yeah. Like I'm the brother you never had. And you're my sister."

Again, Tracey wrestled back a smile. How she'd always longed for a sibling.

The narrator continued and the film moved on.

There was a roar of laughter whenever the baby on the screen giggled; more laughs as she grew older, and a little wiser -- when her dad asked her to eat her apple, and she responded with: *uh-uh, look what it did to snow white.* Even Tracey couldn't stifle a chuckle. There was a roar when the accident on the see-saw came -- and a lot of hands raised to soothe a phantom pain that had made itself known on their chipped front teeth.

But the laughter soon died as she grew older, and as the screen showed her father, sitting in his office with a pile of bills on the table next to him.

The audience in the cinema became hushed.

Her father picked up a coin and flicked it. It landed on heads. 

He cried into his hands and fumbled for a bottle of whiskey in the cupboard below.  

"What's going on?" asked Tracey.

"It's the day he decided... you know."

"Oh..."

"Yeah. That he couldn't go on like this."

Tracey didn't stop the tears this time. The girl -- that sweet baby on the screen -- was going to go down the same road as her. The loss of her father. Living with her uncle and... all that came with him. The school, the bullies -- no one believing. She ran a hand gently over her wrists.

Andrew must have seen her tears because he leaned over and squeezed her hand. "It's okay," he said gently.

"How!" she screamed. "How is it okay?" She flung his hand away and tried to get up -- but she couldn't. She couldn't move.

"Because we get a new friend. Because she gets a new friend, too. People that love her."

"That doesn't make it okay!" she yelled as hot tears and snot streaked her face.

"Maybe not, but it's what happens. And one day, this"--he waved his arms around the cinema--"this all changes. We all move on. Until then, enjoy the moments of happiness, and try to forget the bad."

"I don't want to watch any more! I can't!"

"You're not alone, Tracey. Not any more. It is Tracey, right? We've all been through it. *All of us*. The first time is always so difficult. And honestly, it's never easy. But know this -- you're loved. You always were, you know. He does it because he didn't want you seeing him like that. Because he wanted you to have a better life."

"...that's not what happened."

"It's what he hoped would happen. Your mother would have given her own life a hundred times over for you, too."

"I-"

Andrew took her hand again. "So would I. So would any of us." 

"Will- will this keep happening? Will there be infinite Emilys?"

"No. Eventually something different will happen. Maybe our mom will live, or something, and everything will be different. And when things change, when a Tracey or an Emily -- or whoever -- has a proper shot at life, we all move on. Until then, Tracey, we've at least got each other."

As Tracey looked at Andrew, there was sudden a gasp that filled the huge room -- as if every child had taken in a huge lungful of air all at once. Even Andrew looked in shock.

Tracey looked up at the screen.

"What made him look in Emily's room before going to the attic as intended," said the narrator, "we may never know."

She watched, as her father crept in and kissed Emily on the forehead.

"But whatever his reason, he decided he would change things."

There was an eruption of applause and cheering as the first bottle of whiskey was emptied into the sink.

"And change things he would."


I woke up sitting in a cinema. Next to me was a roman soldier and a barbarian woman.

"Ehm sorry to bother you, but where am I?"

"Look who finally arrived."

The roman soldier turned his head to me.

"Hi, I'm Nr. 13. But just call me Julius. You must be Nr. 51."

"What?"

"You are dead. You just died trough a accident."

"Accident?"

The woman suddenly burst into laughter.

"Yes you idiot. You just won the Darwin Award. Trying to grind your stick on a grinding machine must be the best idea you ever had!"

I was still confused. I barely remembered anything.

"By the way thats Nr. 14. Just call her Asla. You bled to death when your nutsack got stuck on the blade of the machine. That thing ripped it off clean and you colored your entire workspace red. But well, at least you had a interesting life. Very entertaining for us."

"Us? How many are there?"

I looked around. People from all over the world and times were sitting here.

"Alright, let me sum in up for you."

The roman put down his popcorn.

"This is our afterlife. Everytime we die, the previous reincarnation will be placed in this cinema. And together we can watch the life of the next reincarnation. And to answer your question: There are 51 of us till now. Now lean back and enjoy the show. The snack bar is behind us."

"But why is there a woman sitting next to me?"

Asla cleaned her mouth from the cheese sauce.

"Life knows no religion, gender or skincolor. See that guy over there, the chinese dude? Or that black woman in the front?"

"So...we just sit here and watch a movie?"

"Yep, no idea what happens when all the 300 seats in this cinema gets filled tough. And...oh look, its starting again!"

The next movie started. After probably a few hours I forgot, why I was so scared and confused about afterlife.

"NO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING??? DON'T KISS HER FOR FUCK SAKE! SHE IS STILL CHEATING ON YOU!"

Nr. 52 just kissed his 3. wife. Even tough she was still cheating on him with the crack dealer from the corner.

Julius scoffed.

"Pff, divorce number 3 incoming guys."

Asla agreed.

"Either that or he is getting shot by that dealer."


The movie starts.

The screen is dark blue, we're under water. The camera points at the soil below and slowly sinks to the bottom of the ocean floor. We see a goblin shark and angler fish scurrying around. I look around at my other reincarnations and slide a little down in my seat. This can't be good.

The camera pans up to look under a rock. We see an eerie appearance, the narrator tells us this is the Black Swallower. A horrifying potbelly has been found in tropical and temperate waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, and can live as deep as 3,000 meters below the surface. We see it spawning eggs. My reincarnations look at me with disgust. Yeah, I fucked up guys. We're starting close to zero.

But the camera pans into the ground. There lies a slug, born just a few hours earlier. We all sense it, this is our next incarnation. Loud sighs all around us. One of the reincarnations gets up and yells "Scheiße!" in loud German. I look closer, it's Adolf Hitler himself. Or myself.

He looks at me. "Ich habe," he starts off in German but realises he needs to speak in the shared language of the Styx delta, namely English. Who would've guessed. He continues. "I have fucked up! I knew I fucked up before. But *you* ruined it even more! People in *your* lifetime hated you even more than they hated *me*! You were the downgrade, you were supposed to *learn* and we would get to be something... something better!"

Adolf sits down again and I remembered. After killing himself during World War 2 he came back to this room and previous incarnations all hated him for ruining it. His karma went below zero, unforgivable. They were watching my life unfold and I had all the opportunities to do it right. I should have learned.

But I didn't, and now we're going to watch the short life of a sea slug being devoured by a Black Swallower. It's deserved, though. People hated me more than they hated Hitler. At least he was a decent painter, and suffered abuse during his life. People could relate to him in some ways.

I look to my left and the sea slug appears. Its brain capacity rivals that of the average peanut, but I feel it's looking at me disapprovingly. Sorry, tiny me, the compound experience we all share will go on for a few hundred generations I expect. Let's see what's next, the score on our Reincarnation Board tells us this is going to be the worst incarnation by a long shot.

Oh! We're human again!

"Congratulations, it's a healthy baby boy," a doctor says.

The camera zooms out to a crying mother and empty chair, noting the absent father. We see a glimpse of the mother's last name. "Have you decided upon a name?" the nurse asks.

"Ah, shit. Ahh, shit."

"What's wrong?"

"No, that's its name. Ajit. I hate people and children in particular, and I hope it'll get its childhood ruined. Maybe in the future it can ruin the lives of millions of other innocent people."

"Ajit Pai? A shit pie? That's just cruel, madam. But it's your child I guess. Sign her off, we're done here."

I sighed. This incarnation was during my own lifetime. Interesting, he is probably as hated as I was, maybe even more. The slug next to me starts to cry and I stand up.

Hitler is still looking at the screen. "Well, ich think that I'm going to hate this guy even more." He looks at me, stroking his moustache. "In your defence, you didn't know what you were doing at all, herr Trump." I frowned. That's true, but I made more victims. My name will last longer in the history books than yours, Adolf.


"GOD DAMMIT! I WAS SO CLOSE TO FINISHING!" My roommate would probably discover my naked hanging body the next day. Of course a piece of trash like me die trying to get off.

What had my life come to? What happened to me? I used to be a straight A student but now I am some naked fuck with a rope around his neck.

"You never tried. That is what happened." The voice came from my right. I turned and could not believe who I saw. Me, but somehow I knew it wasn't me. Because I already knew their name. I knew my name. 

"L... Leaf Erickson?" I asked. But I already knew the answer. Even if I looked nothing like the actual man.

"It was pretty bizarre hearing about myself in history class. If I had realized it was a new country, I would have never let those Englishmen get to it."

"But how are you here? And why do you look like me?"

"Looks like I didn't get to go to Valhalla. Were dead, and I am one of your past lives. I am not the only famous one though." Leaf pointed to the front row of the theater. 

"That's Marilyn Monroe."

The fuck?

"How can you be my past lives! You all made something of yourselves. I failed despite everything! Why did I fail if I had your spirits to guide me!?"

"Talent doesn't make everything. You have to work for success." Leaf said. "Maybe our next life will understand that."

The screen turned a bright white and we heard ourselves cry.


My eyes snapped open. My eyes stared back at me. No, that's not a typo, or some poetic metaphor about the way we're all the same. My eyes, the same ones that had seen my first kiss, my wedding, dad's death, the cra-

Oh god the crash. Was Stacey ok? What about mum? There's irony - dying on the way to her lifesaving treatment. I should have felt sad about that but I didn't. It was like a fly, buzzing around my head. Annoying? Yes. Wouldn't go away? Yes. But the saddest thing to ever happen? Definitely not. 

'It's the glands' I said. Well not me, but Me. A different short, thin, nervous looking man. 'You don't have any.'

I could have questioned what I meant by that, but a loud noise disrupted my thoughts. A scream, followed by thunderous applause from Me, Me, Me and a hundred other Mes. A few dogs, maybe 3 cats and even a pot of petunias, but all of them had a distinct 'Meness'. Maybe it was the eyes. Or the way they seemed to slouch into their seats, trying to hide themselves from the world. Can a petunia slouch?

More screaming, not from fear, but from some innate need to make a noise. The screen, which had faded into the background well, despite the fact it pretty much was one of the walls of the room, showed a hospital room, a smiling face that looked eerily familiar and a man dressed in doctors scrubs shouting 'It's a boy' gleefully at the room in general.

This was going to be a long movie.


John blinked away the blindness that had overtaken him, his ears filled to the brim with the sound of the car horn and tires screeching fading into a constant dull ringing. As he regained his vision, his heart skipped a beat and his brain seemed to short circuit. Where the hell was he?   
   
His hearing came back to him, replaced by an equally deafening silence as he realized that the occupants of the movie theater in which he had mysteriously found himself were all watching him. Hadn't he been walking home from the bar? Did he just black out and imagine those headlights careening towards him?   
   
Taking a deep breath to center himself, John made his way towards one of the aisles and took a seat. Most of the people near the front stopped staring and turned away to aim their sights at the barren canvas of the movie screen. As if to defy their attempted return to normalcy, a younger kid, John thought he might be in his teens despite his face being cloaked in shadow, hopped over two aisles and threw himself into the seat beside John, "Sup?"   
   
He felt immediately annoyed. It was mostly the embarrassment. Who the hell blacks out on a couple of beers and wanders into a movie theater? As the kid started to talk to him, John's eyes closed and he drew in a deep breath. The smell of stale popcorn and a familiar stench that he could only describe as his own flooded through his nostrils and into his lungs. He scolded himself for not wearing enough deodorant as the kid introduced himself, "Name's John. You?" John could hear someone down front groan in response to this new insult to the sacred silence of the theater.   
   
John tried to formulate a response. Did he just tell the kid to fuck off? No, the kid might have the balls to make a scene of it and then John would be even deeper in the shit with these strangers. Better to play the game for a bit, maybe the kid would shut up when the movie started. What movie had his drunk-self been so desperate to see? The thought rolled through his mind as he tried his best to keep his volume down, "Your parents have good taste. Just like mine. Name's John."   
   
He stuck out his hand and the kid took it. Despite the teen's youth, he already seemed to have a bit of muscle on him. His grip was strong, and he seemed to want to show it as he went just a step into the uncomfortable with his squeeze. "So, uh, kid. John. What movie is this?" The Kid lifted his shoulders and let them fall to form a shrug, "Our movie. Well, another rendition." John's brow curled into a frown that his lips sought to mimic, "The hell is that supposed to mean?" The kid leaned through the darkness and into the beam of empty light being spewed by the projector near the back, "You're dead, dude."   
   
John wanted to fight it. He wanted to tell the kid to shut up and just watch the movie, or to push himself out of the chair and barrel through the door into the outside, regardless of what the other patrons here might think. Yet, he knew that face. He could barely recognize himself, years of drinking and bad eating and sitting around undoing what little beauty nature had put upon him. "How?"   
   
Young John shrugged. "It makes no sense to most of us. I'm one of the oldest here and I still don't really get it. Nobody's come along to tell us what what's up. I haven't met an angel or a devil or a God. Just that big screen up there and repeatedly coming face to face with disappointment." John's temper flared as the last words tumbled out of his younger self's mouth. As he opened his own, the projector reel started to roll to life and the screen turned black. "The hell do you mean, coming face to face with disappointment?"   
   
Young John was no longer looking at him. Instead, his eyes were locked on that inky blackness that stretched like an open maw before them. "I died young. Drunk driver. Didn't get the chance that most of us here got. So imagine how it feels to watch yourself turn into what put you here."   
   
Another John in front of them turned and put his fingers to his lips, pushing a shush past them. Young John sneered at him, "Fuck off." John opened his mouth to fight the accusation, but as he tried to wrap his mind around it, his mind instead unwrapped around the hazy black memory that he had mistaken for a blacked out saunter into the movie theater. His heart fell into the pit of his stomach as lurid memories slipped into place of his fingers clenched tight around a steering wheel, the bulk of his car lurching left and right while he fumbled for a cigarette and his lighter, and the sudden stop as he and his car tied themselves into a neat little bow around a telephone pole. "No.."   
   
"Yes." Young John was staring at him, but even in the darkness John could tell that he seemed almost sorry. "So this is hell, then? We get to watch ourselves become what we hate?" Sound started to pump through the speakers. The sound of doctors and nurses and his own crying as a new John made his way into the world. "It's not really hell-" Young John's reply was cut short when Another John turned in his seat and spit his venom at them, "Look, dipshits, its starting. Just watch the movie and keep your mouths shut. Some of us want to see what will happen." Young John pushed himself out of his chair and flipped his other self off, "Do you want to go? I remember your run, rotting away in your house, watching other people do what you wanted on the internet. You don't get to speak up now, dipshit." Another John pushed himself out of his chair, his frame chubbier than his peers, "You know I was disabled, jackass. I'll kick your ass even with a bum leg."   
   
The theater started to grow restless as the sound of his new infantile self's crying seemed to parody the ongoing dispute between the youth and adult. John was fairly sure he was right on the money with this being hell. Stepping up, he lifted his hands and motioned for both gentlemen to sit down, "Look, I'll stay quiet and watch the movie. Thanks for helping me out, uh, John. Maybe afterwards you could..you could..." His urge to speak faltered and the rest of the theater's occupants settled down immediately as a sound other than his own crying started to pump through the speakers.   
   
A woman's voice, unfamiliar yet more comforting than he had ever known, quelled the cries of the infant that he had barely been paying attention to. A wetness formed at the corner of his eyes as he turned to stare at the screen, a face he only recognized from pictures staring back at him with a pride he had never known someone could hold in their heart for him. "Is that really her?" His breath caught in his throat as she started to sing him a lullaby, spreading a warmth through his body that he had been looking for all his wasted life. Young John nodded beside him, "This isn't hell. This is just another chance. You know, you only notice your fuck ups when looking back because you've got no reason to notice when you managed to get shit right. No reason to look into fixing what aint broke, right? I like to think the point is that once one of us gets it right, we all get to see it happen. Leave us with at least a little satisfaction and comfort despite what may have happened during our turn."   
   
John nodded and settled back down into his seat. Down front some of him openly wept. In his mind, in all their mind's, they wished that little cooing child the best of luck and thanked whatever forces that be that they finally got to see her, cancer be damned.


Sometimes I wonder how much our lives remember about the others, I mean surely I couldn't be this stupid. Even as a twelve year old none of us have ever been foolhardy enough to think jumping off a roof in an attempt to fly would be a good idea. Sure we've wondered if the ability was hidden, but we weren't stupid enough to try it. Sitting in the movie theater I glanced around to see a rainbow of me's. We were all different in our own ways, in all manner of colors and shapes, but we all had the same basic facial structure and personality. They all stared in abject horror as little 10 yr. old us gazed over the edge of the roof wearing a cape and a bike helmet. "Don't jump you idiot!" "Trust us! If none of us can fly, you can't either!" Their shouts were in vain as she threw her cape back and plunged off the roof. All at once we were pulled into her consciousness and watched as we plunged toward the rocks in the flower bed below. *Craaaack!* We were fading between her mind's eye and the theater; I wasn't in the mood to die today, but oh well. It's not like someone else wasn't ready for their turn at life. Suddenly  we, I, felt a rush of urgency.

 *This is not our last life, but it is the last one we have to save the world. I need all of you. Stay with me*


"Welcome!" 
They shouted. Hundreds. Of me.
"What the.."
One of the men came to me and spoke as the others went silent.
"Oh god number even number 251 was sure you'd make it!"
Everyone laughed. "Are y'all.. me?"
The guy noded as I shook my head in disbelief. "You're dead pal. Number 701.".
My head was a mess. how.. how did I die?
"A car accident." another guy replied without me even questioning him.
"2 who's the leader here?" the first guy asked in anger. "You.. I kn.."
-"you want to end up like 563?"
I looked anxious at the tense scene forming in front of me. "what.. happened to 563?" I asked politely. Every single version of me looked at me then at the first guy.
"Let's start this over." he said.
"I'm 1. I'm the first you to visit here. When one of us dies we come and watch the next Mike in the theater room right there. Almost always he gets some random twist in his life. You might be confused so ask away anything that comes to your mind."
-"How come you all look my age?" 
"we all simply died around the same time. At the age of 35." 1 replied almost immediately, giving me the impression he already answered this quite a lot. 
-"How did you die?".
He looked at me. "since I'm the first to come here no one was here to watch you see." he replied again.
"so we don't.."
-"yeah".

"So this is a death machine of replicas of Mikes?"
1 laughed a bit then said "basically there's a slight variation every time. You're the doubting kind huh? We could see that on the screen. Some got bored though. I'd say you're the first variation to have this."
2 spoke again - "The birth screening is about to start! Come on!"
As I walked towards the theater I saw 1 staying still outside. We entered the screening room. 
"Whats up with 1?" I asked 2.
-"He gets sad watching another one starting its way".
I nodded but.. it kinda bothered me. The leader is left outside?.. And what happened to 563?
The cries of me as a baby distracted my thoughts. I stood up and walked outside. "No you can't!" 2 shouted. I started running and went through the exit door of the entire building..
It was 1. He was on the phone.
"No he doesn't know. Come on boss it looks just real! You said that the 700th person would do! We had a deal!"
I gasped in shock. 
No... No..
1 turns around finally and notices me. slowly.. he pulls out a gun. "Wanna know what happened to 563?" He pulls the trigger and I close my eyes. Im already dead- am I not? 

"Welcome!"
They shouted. Hundreds. Of me.

---------------------------
To be continued


Bang! Bang!

"A life well lived" I thought as I collapsed to the ground. Everything was made slow and it sounded like Gospel.
I gasped for air, not out of fear but out of habit. My entire life I felt dead, supressed, and now I finally get to compare it to the real thing. 

My partner rushed to my side and I took this opportunity to say my final words. 

"Buddy! Buddy, you're gonna make it through this."

"Heh, sorry kid. But I'd take this over a heart attack any day of the week."

"No! No. You're gonna make it through this, look me in the eye and tell me you're gonna make it through this."

"I can't tell a lie. He got me good this time."

"No, Buddy come o-"

"Jackson, I ain't got much time left, kid. Listen to me. Carefully. I left you a couple thousand in the safe behind the big painting. I want you to take it and then I want you to get out of the Country."

"No no no, man, we promised we'd get out of here together."

"This old Reprobate promised many things, kid. But in a way, we are getting out of here together."

"Stop. Knock it off. There's a doctor nearby you're gonna make it."

"No. If I'm going I want it to be on my terms. I want you to take my horse, my bandana, my hat, and my gun."

"I c-"

"Yes you-," the throbbing grew more intense. "Yes you can."

The sounds of horses grew louder, I glanced in the direction of our soon to be old home. I looked at the Sheriff who now has a bullet in his forehead. I looked at the dust cloud getting bigger and bigger, and shouting getting louder and louder. 

"It's now or never, kid. Get outta my sight."

Jackson ran off towards the base. He made himself scarce, just before he went inside to grab the money he turned around and spoke our Oath one last time.

"We may be Guilty..."

"... But we fight for the innocent..."

"... We may be fighters..."

"...But we fight for the pacifists..."

"...We may be Sinners..."

"... But we fight for the Saints..."

"... We may be dead..."

"... But we fight for the living."

Those were the last words to leave my lips. The dust cloud disappeared and so did Jackson. Everything was black and white. The pain was unbearable. I somehow managed to get back on my knees, but at that very moment the Cavalry rose above the hill. I took the Sheriff's gun as well as aim.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

*Reload* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Ba-

The music cut out and everything was dark. There was nothing. I couldn't see. Couldn't feel. Couldn't even breath. However something told me that I didn't really need to. I saw a small light, but opposed to the bright ball of light that they talk about, it was a vertical line. Nonetheless, I approached it. The closer and closer I got, the more curious I grew. I reached the wall of light and studied it. After a minute of pure bewilderment, I took a deep breath and pushed forward. 

Applause erupted so unbelievably loud that it made my ears ring. I looked at myself, my trademark brown duster was replaced with a suit, my black, messy hair was now properly gelled, and the holes that were previously in my ribs were gone. I walked across the Red Carpet that was at my feet and I noticed something rather peculiar. Everybody around me shared my face and there was a gigantic screen in front of all of us. As confusion grew the carpet shortened, I took my seat where a Red Velvet chair proudly stated my name: *Buddy Felter*.

I looked at my Doppleganger to the left of me. The only variation between the two of us is the fact that he was wearing circular little glasses and his stubble was gone.

"Hey, Partner."

He cut me off, "If you're wondering what's going on all will be explained in a matter of minutes. Just give these Gentleman some time to prepare."

His voice was different too. He sounded more formal. More educated. I respected his word and sat in utter curiosity until a man with a white beard got on stage.

"Wasn't that incredible Folks! You can't resist a good Western! Everybody give another round of applause to Buddy Felter in his life film, Deadeye!" After the applause died down I took my seat again and the host cleared his throat.

"The next Life we will be watching today is  called, Countdown. The inspirational life of reincarnation 334, or Ace King. The man born to be an Astronaut. Once again, I am your host. The life will begin in just a few moments. Enjoy!"

The man made his away over to me.

"Greetings Mr. Felter. I know you have a lot of questions. Feel free to as-"

"Yeah, Howdy. Um, I think I just got one: What the undying hell is going on?"

"Yeah that's normally the first question the reincarnations ask. Alright, so you see everybody around you? They're all you. Do you believe in Reincarnation, sir? Well if you didn't you should now. What we are doing, and what we have just done with you was watch your life go down. Every second of it."

"Every second?"

"Absolutely everything."

"Even-"

"Yes... Even that. So anyway, this is where you'll stay for all of existence. Don't worry, I know it sounds long. It really isn't, took a few millennia last time and you reincarnations didn't even have to suffer through it all. The show will be starting soon so please enjoy. I'm your host, God, call one of my Angels if you need any snacks or refreshments."

I sat back. Bewildered. This seemed truly unbelievable. I left everything. My home. My world. Jackson. All gone. All for tickets to the cinema. And I didn't even get front row. This was my life now. I looked around at the reincarnations. The longer I seemed to stare the more different they looked. The 3 2 1 countdown on the Life ended and the movie began.

"It's a beautiful baby boy Mrs. And Mr. King."

"He's beautiful."

"Hey there little guy... Honey he's gonna be something great one day. I just know it. He'll be up there with the stars."

I straightened my bowtie, I ordered a bag of popcorn, and I dared not take my eyes off the screen.

My story's over. 

But not mine.


My eyes opened slowly.. The light were so dim, I almost couldn't see. On my left I see . . . Myself ?

I immediately try to get on my feet but I barely manage to move my legs, my body feels like it's made out of cotton. The me I was facing was horrified. 

"Holly shit dude, you fucked up big times." 

I start to wake up a bit and realize I am in a theater, with about a third of the siege taken by person looking exactly at me and looking horrified by me. One of them at the front row gets up and goes in front of the huge screen, on which the image of my desk on which I was working, wait ! When was that ?! Hey, that document is the one I was working on before.. before what ?! 

The me before the screen start speaking into a microphone, while still looking at me.

"-Well... hum... That was a fucking shitshow... I don't think anyone actually liked it, so we'll probably cut short the comments and speed to the next one.. Is that o-."

"-Hey fucker ! It's not because you're a pussy that we can't speak about it ! It was G L O R I O U S.." One of the me 2 rows in front of me turns around and start to congratulate me. "Really dude, it was awesome, we weren't sure about your choice of creating a TV show but it worked sooooo well.."

"- Ok we get it Genghis, you liked it, we get it... Now can we-" The first me tries to take back the lead of the conversation. 

"- No, seriously it is worth talking about, no ?!" A me with a German accent cuts the first me. "Honestly he did even better than me !"

"- Yeah no, shut up, perhaps we should try to move faster now, no ? Because the resurrection might start to get overfilled now..."

I finally manage to speak, although in a very weird voice "What the fuck is going on ?!" Everyone turns back to me, and the German answers with a grin "Oh yeah, bad news, you're dead. Good news is, you'll take a shitload of people with you." 

"-Wh-What ? What happened ?"

"- You don't remember ? You launched a nuke on North Korea before being shot by a sniper ! None saw it coming, what a twist !"

The first me to speak clears his throat "Yeah, and that's why we need to hurry to be reborn, or we might have to wait a loooong time.. Okay guys ? We'll discus it later during the youth alright ?" 
Everyone more or less agreed and the screen color changed to red and black.


It was called *Fuck You* money, the type of money you burn in front of poor people just to see the hope fade from their eyes. It was the type of money you used to hire the most expensive prostitutes in America, tell them to pretend to be bankers, and have them meet for lunch in *Le Bernardin* in the heart of Manhattan. Each thought they were meeting a client, both were told to never break act.

I sat at the table next to theirs, twirling a stainless steel pen with the letters *Goldman Sachs* gilded on. The girl, Anna, was the first to arrive. A tight black skirt hugged her figure. The skirt was short, but work-appropriate short. She was the best prostitute *Fuck You* money could buy which meant she was the best in the world. She turned her wrist and checked a silver Rolex. It was a Daytona model. She had certainly done her research.

The guy, Brandon, soon followed. He wore a navy blue suit without a single crinkle. I glanced down at his shoes. Brooks Brothers, custom-made. It looked hand-crafted even. A smile touched my lips as he sat down and extended his hand for a handshake.

“Anna, was it?” Brandon said. “Thanks for meeting me, my name’s Brandon, VP at JPMorgan Chase, housing division.”

Anna returned him a firm shake. “Nice to meet you. I’m a VP at Merrill Lynch, risk division.”

“Look at us, if our bosses found us here. They’d have our bonuses.”

She laughed and took a sip of wine. “So, I was told that you had a business proposal for me?”

This was it, the reason I had dropped five figures on two prostitutes. Brandon would fumble through banking buzz words and financial pseudo-sciences as I sat back, laughing at his stupidity. Then Anna would follow in their dance of idiocrasy, all the way until they left *La Bernadin*, never to return because they couldn’t afford even its dress code. My pen twirled in anticipation.

“Credit default swaps,” Brandon said. “It’s insurance against bad loans. So if we make a string of bad investments, even when we lose, we make money, just not as much.”

Anna furrowed her brow. “I work risk at Merrill Lynch, I know how to lower risk.”

A giggle tickled my throat. What would a prostitute know about credit default swaps? He probably read the first Wikipedia paragraph and now thought himself an expert. I wondered who would be the bigger idiot, Brandon or Anna?

“What if we pair that up with thousands of high-risk loans?”

“Like we already do?” Anna asked.

“But not *individually*.” Brandon leaned forward, his voice lowered so I had to strain my ears just to hear his words. “We pool them all together and then securitize them into a single asset. Tell me Anna, what happens when you bundle risk?”

“It drops,” Anna said. “But those have been around for a while now. Are you proposing that we just keep doing what we’re doing?”

Brandon frowned. It looked like Anna had done more research than him. I pretended to cough to stifle my laughter. It was he who would look the fool!

“Wait,” Anna said, “but how about we talk to the ratings agencies. The bigger the pool of assets, the lower the risk. If we get a big enough pool, any sort of shitty asset could have a triple-A rating.”

My jaw dropped and I broke character by staring straight at her. The two didn’t even notice, they were so buried in their conversation.

“We can lower it further by having it asset-backed. Like a car loan,” Brandon said, his voice rising with his excitement.

“Like a mortgage!” Anna said. “We can sell janitors million dollar houses on loans they’ll never pay off, pool all those loans together, and then sell them off as a Triple-A asset before they crash and burn.”

My fingers trembled, but not with the same excitement I had purchased. They were right. Banks could securitize all these shitty mortgages and their value would rise because their ratings would, even though the risk technically stayed exactly the same. My pen dropped to the napkin in front of me and I wrote a single phrase into it before slipping it in my pocket and leaving.

*Sub-prime mortgages.*

---

---

/r/jraywang for daily WP stories, continuations by popular demand, and more!


"Oh...hey Daryl," the lady said, with slight surprise, but more a sense of boredom in her voice.

"Hey Judy. This again, huh?" Daryl replied.

"Yep. Well, we may as well make the best of it," said Judy, putting on a brave face.

"For sure. Okay...soo...how are those reports going?" Daryl said, in his best banker voice.

"Not bad, although Bill pulled me into a meeting all afternoon, so I got pretty sidetracked," replied Judy, starting to get into character.

"Jeez, Bill again huh?"

"Ya, he means well, and he's a pleasant guy to work for overall, but he wastes *so* much time in meetings. It's like... we get it, we're all on board with the 'Bank Mission Statement', but we have to get some work done too," Judy said - her mind now switching fully into her bank character.

*This is fucking sweet.* I thought to myself.

"Totally. I mean, I like teamwork, respect and honesty as much as the next guy, but most managers just leave it as a background thing," said Daryl, starting to enjoy himself.

Judy caught a little smile from Daryl, and a twinkle in his eye. *Well,* she thought, *I have to say, this is definitely more fun than that wizard scenario I was in last week...*

Daryl was thinking the same thing, *Not bad compared to the ant farm lady. My ant character blows...I just can't get into it.*

"Next time Bill calls a meeting I think I'm gonna say something," Judy continued. "Nothing rude, but I just feel like we're wasting so much time in that little boardroom. I mean, *at least* try to book the big one with the lake view."

"That lake one is dope...I could totally spend an afternoon in there," replied Daryl, nodding his head.

*This is amazing,* I thought to myself, barely holding it together.

"Have you ever been in the meeting room on the top floor, near Thompson's office?" Judy asked, picturing it in vivid detail.

"Don't stop," I whispered, too quietly for anyone to hear.

"Oh my God, if that was my office I would be so fucking productive. Jesus Christ, just think of all the work I could get done in there," said Daryl, with genuine excitement.

"What an awesome meeting room," agreed Judy, shaking her head in near disbelief.

Both Judy and Daryl had dove in head first. They knew the bank inside and out. They knew who they liked at the bank and who they didn't. They embodied the bank's Core Values, and had a list of who they could fire if the budget got tight. They had fulfilled the role. 

And most importantly. 

They had truly 

become... 

*Bankers*.

*Ohmygodimcumming*


The table is set, the candles are lit, and this is going to be the greatest use of $400 ever. 

The male is waiting, suit far too tight for his upper body stretching in anticipation. He has this look in his eyes as if to say, "At least I don't have to shit on anyone," and I, too, have that look. But burrowed in that look; deep inside its gooey guts like a caramel chocolate is joy - Oh wonderous joy. 

The woman arrives, femme fatale in appearance and struts over to the man. The way she moves, Christ, a succubus in hell hasn't got a chance to be hotter than that. She sits, a smirk splintering across her face like venom, and speaks.

"Hello Lance," Even mountains would melt in the aura of her voice, dripping out of her in such a sultry manner I found myself falling in love with two words. "I'm glad we have a moment to relax, these last few weeks have been... *stressful*" 

"One way to say that, Susan," he replies, becoming the physical embodiment of masculinity. He lazily brushes his fingers through his thick brown beard, before leaning forward. "I've been so pent up trying to get the office sorted. I need a way to blow off some steam."

"I've been bent over the cabinets for weeks trying to sort everything," her lips smack when she finishes the last syllable, and the left side of her smile rises. Small, subtle, and charming. 

"It's the way I like you," he states. The power and commandment in his voice make me completely aware as to why women like to call their partners 'Daddy'. I want to call him Daddy. 

"Do you want any more breadsticks, sir?"

I turn, a waitress. I bite, "No, I am fine, I am wonderful, please leave me alone, I have important business to attend to." I turn back; they're walking out the door. 

Oh no.  The prostitutes are off to have sex already. Why can't they just keep it in their pants, I need this, fuck. I stand and wipe some breadsticks dust off my lap, and sigh. Oh well, I got what I needed. 

I walk out the door, a buffet of surprise knocking the wind out of me, as two familiar faces staring at me.

"Hey Lachlan,"  Lance says, not prostitute Lance, real Lance. "We didn't see you at the meeting. Management said you had somewhere to be," 

"Yeah, yeah," I calmly speak, "Lunch with some clients." I look at the two of them. "So, what are you two lovebirds up to?" I say, my eyes smiling.

"We're getting lunch," Susan replies. "And can you stop trying to push that office romance? We're work colleagues, just that." 

"Of course," I say. "Apologies. I'll see you later Lance." I walk past him, patting his back as I do, and laugh to myself quietly.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff.


The coverlet stuck to my skin wherever it touched. It looked to be fine silk, ordinarily sewn, though nothing was what it seemed in La Silhouette. The vintage of the wine in the adjoining restaurant, let alone the year stamped into the stones along the exterior, were more a charade of luxury than the real thing. This was the kind of place your brought an escort on a budget, in your suit of fine polyesters, ordinarily made. 

The sex was real. That much was certain. The perks of this job were beneath the sheets, however cheap the bedding. The comfort of an escort in Montreal is relative to the price they pay. You paid as much for me as you might for your first car. More often than not, I was the first escort that my clients were like to hire. Husbands of destitute marriages travelling to the freer city across the river, across the border, to experience someone they thought they once had, chasing the ghost of a made-up past full of love and excitement. After the first bite, they quickly moved to prostitutes, disillusioned and horny. 

You can usually tell what kind of a marriage a man is in by the tone of his email. The first email always reads the same way--polite, yet masked in sexual appetite and and come-forward attitude best left reserved for La Bombe at last call. It was not a place you wanted to be, but a place you find yourself without knowing why. 

The second email was what defined them. What they wanted, when they wanted it, how much they could pay for it. Nothing flattering, nothing superficial, just straight brass tax. Their whole married life was told in that second email, whether the marriage was failing due to money, sex, or simple lack of passion. Usually it was sex.

Mr. Chicago was different. His first email read like a loan agreement, full of everything but emotion. All the details of his request were laid out like a whore lined up at the gates, and all without even the presumption of intimacy. Here was a man who had bought a car before, and on his own money no doubt. Yet if it was sex or lack of passion the mister lacked, he made no show of it. 

*Double your regular pay to pretend to be my banking colleague.*

That much to sit across a table and talk assets and dividends. I was hooked, and found myself filling in the sultry aspects of our conversation that Mr. Chicago had left out. 

*I'd prefer you in a suit. I'll see you soon. Look official.*

I pulled the coverlet up to the nape of my neck. *I felt more naked in that suit than I do now.* It was so well made, it might as well have been bet on. It was likely I would never wear it again--though seeing as all costs were included in Mr. Chicago's outline, I was likely not to care. The modest light-charcoal skirt was not something most husbands cared to see on a business trip. 

I met Mr. Chicago outside of business hours in the seemingly classy restaurant of La Silhouette. The sky was grey and greyer, though inside the restaurant the light was a warm tease of gold and orange. Champagne chair and champagne tablecloths were laid out in the room, and champagne buckets and champagne bottles adorned them. Ours was rosy, almost purple in colour, and the top was a twist-off that the waiter obliged to open. 

Mr. Chicago was late, though he walked in to the room as if he was always on time. I watched him adjust his suite coat and tie in the foyer and then flick a strand of hair behind his ears. *He isn't half ugly* I thought. After a few words with the matron, he spun toward the open archway of the room and cantered in decidedly. He gazed about in search of his actor, more highly paid than most. 

He couldn't remember where he had told me to sit, that much was clear. As he made his way through the tables, he bumped several of the other patrons. One table, a man and a women in obvious dissatisfaction, was clearly annoyed at the intrusion, though they seemed to be clearly annoyed at most everything. The single man seated at the table closest to us simply ignored Mr. Chicago and continued to sip on water, the champagne bottle unopened on the table in front of him. 

I put on a face of pleasure and greeted my jockey for the night. He was peppered in the beard, but well trimmed. His hair was well-greased, and his musk hinted of sweat and clothes and tobacco. His eyes were deep and dark, and mesmerizing. *These are the eyes of a man out to seduce me.* I put on a face much the same in return, and winked coyly as I smirked and introduced myself.

"Mr. Chicago, it was so wonderful for you to treat me to dinner this evening. You must be exhausted from travel."

He suddenly looked confused. *Did I say something wrong?* He had given me a list of details and items to talk about, and his travel arrangements had been chief among them. "Yes, my travels. They were quite exhausting. And I'm sure yours were just as tiresome. Did you come by train?"


I sat, listening as these... *sex workers*... tried to have a conversation like *normal* human beings, giggling to myself and my ingenuity.

"This is a little dehumanizing, isn't it?" Craig asked, arms folded. He always provided such droll perspectives on our little excursions.

"Oh, it's more than a little," I said. "Look at them, they think they're people."

"They are people."

"You know what I mean. Middle class people. With respectable jobs. Careers. Lives. Security. Maybe families. Reasons to live. It's ever so delightful to listen to their mimicry."

"You really are an asshole." Craig wasn't wrong. "Why do you do this kind of thing?"

"I'm a rich sociopath who treats my social inferiors like playthings for my amusement." I was honest. Deception was for people who had to strive for things, who knew struggle. I knew only idle disdain. To be quite honest, I felt as distant and removed from Craig as I did the prostitutes I'd hired. There was no point of common connection. Not to him. Not even to the other idle rich. 

Craig looked disgusted. Good. The more of these little 'experiments' I exposed him to, the more I would understand the human condition. I wondered if I could get him to kill someone. I wondered what it would be like to strangle my only friend in the world with my bare hands.

Then the soup arrived, and I turned my attention back to my playthings. I wonder... if I'd been born in less exalted circumstances, would I have developed some sense of morality? I like to think so. That I could have been a good person.


"Hey Candi!" exclamed the well turned out Mr. Squarejaw. Strawberry Shortcake rolled her eyes, "Oh my god, did someone just 3rd person us again?" 

Squarejaw sits heavily in his seat and checks his account on his Grindr Phone. "Welp, the payment went through, so the only real question is what are we having for dinner?"

Shortcake can't even eat after the squirter an hour ago, "Just order me a double Jack, I'm going to the shitter to put a kitty-hat on, I'm freezing." 

Chuffed, Squarejaw reclines slightly to paruse the single malt scotch menu as a muffled sob can be heard a few tables over.


They both came to the place at the arranged time, within minutes of one another. Fancy dress, hair done up, no tattoos showing; just as you had instructed them. But hey, good money is good money, and you knew, and they both knew. They were the one's selling, so what's a bit of acting? Business gets boring. Entertainment does not grow on trees. 

You'd spent the last hour or so, planning, scheming. You wanted to set it up just right, to create tension, minor discomfort, and all the while the impression of correctness. How would they begin? You wondered. How would they introduce one another? What would they discuss? What terms would they use? Would either one perhaps have a knowledgeable background by chance? You hadn't checked, on purpose. But everyone goes down the rabbit hole somewhere, and while it could have been early on, it could easily have been later, to get through life. You didn't care. You just wanted to see it. That was all. 

She had sat down first and you were just near enough to inconspicuously observe her exaggerated manners. Back straight as a bow, hands crossed on her lap, eyes darting around the immediate area and a smile that tried so hard to appear formal it barely missed being a grimace. It was almost comical. It was perfect. 

Then he arrived, at the door. You could see him trying to emit the correct impressions even on the waiters, as he asked for his designated table. Practicing perhaps. Nervous. 

You watched him approach the seated female who now wouldn't dare look up or make eye contact. He was visibly preparing himself for the worst. You turned to fully face the pair, eager for the show to start. 

That was when she lifted her head and their eyes met, and both expressions took a 180 turn, much to your own disappointment. 

"...Lexa?"

"Well, if there's any person I wouldn't have expected to have a business meeting it was you. You're not even in business, are you?"

"Oh god, I should've seen it from the start."

Well, fuck. There goes your money.


Conventions are my favorite time of the year. We all knew we were killers, and knowing who all the other killers were helped people get along. Sold a secret? Everyone would hunt you down the next day. 

Everyone had their flair out, so you could have as much fun as you wanted while still fitting in. The Japanese would dress all in earth tones, while the Italians would put on fantastically gauche suits. The British, as always, sent their best in a tuxedo. I wore my best denim. 

Nobody ever expected a Canadian assassin. We were there in WWII, killing Hitler in his bunker before the other Allies even arrived. They had to burn the body and claim suicide to cover up their incompetence. We were there when Osama bin Laden was found. I'll bet the Navy Seals won't tell you they found him chained to his desk with a complimentary last meal of poutine. 

Don't think we're friendly. We don't take anybody's side but Canada's. We were there when JFK was shot. It was so simple to play one superpower against another and score lucrative deals for the Canadarm project. It's nice to know we can smuggle a high-powered laser into space, even if it's only one shot. 

Still, an assassin is only as good as his cover. We instill our children from an early age just how to act in public while we train them in private how to apply political pressure points as well as physical ones. We're the kindest, nicest people around when somebody is watching. 

We train to be normal and accepting, while pushing the idea that a sneaky killer has to know kung fu and how to throw daggers. The Japanese popular culture has already been successfully subverted, and we're working with a mole at Ubisoft to produce more Assassin's Creed games to subvert Arab, British, Italian and now Egyptian cultures. They would never suspect us. 

We could even get away with an assassination here at the convention, just for fun. I bump into another excited conventioneer dressed head-to-toe, embarassingly, in his mother's best black sheets. I pull the punch knife from his kidney slowly while the invisible needle in his neck stops him from screaming. 

"Sorry."

EDIT: Got the Assassin's Creed publisher wrong. Changed "EA" to "Ubisoft."
EDIT: Thank you, kind stranger!


My codename is Green Man because technically I'm a recycler. I repurpose the old, shine it up nice and sleek so that it may be made new. Most people don't know this, but the modernization of Japan has never quite stopped. There are pockets of holdouts where tradition clings on. Like the samurai of old, it's my job to repurpose their stubbornness before they are gunned down by Gatling guns. 

Or, you know, in this case, DNA seeking armor piercing sniper bullets discharged from an auto-drone flying miles in the air.

But try explaining that to guys who toss ninja stars at dart boards.
 
Most of my students are under the impression our roles are reversed.

“Sami-son,” they call me. “Do you see how the wind blows?”

They smile, the edges of their masks crinkling up like dimples. 

I pinch the bridge of my nose and sigh. 

“You’re standing under a vent,” I try to explain. “It’s called air conditioning.”

Other times, I sit the ninjas down and pop them popcorn. I’ve blocked out time for a James Bond marathon, so they may see how a real spy operates in the treacherous political climate of the modern day. Plus, I mean, hey, there’s nothing wrong with entertainment. 

Except one class clown tosses popcorn at another. Before I know it, they're missing the damned point. They're hiding in the shadows, kernels flying from behind curtains. I have to pause the movie, get my receptionist to lead them back to their assigned seating. 

"See, what we teach!” exclaims one. “You hide in the shadows, become one with darkness.”

“No, dear,” Brenda the receptionist says. “We simply had to turn on the lights.”

Corporate likes to bill our academy as an astounding success. The big guys upstairs boast at every holiday party. Once again, the West helps out the little brother in the East. But truth is, they’ve never stepped foot inside the academy. They just smile and clap my back, saying, “keep up the good work.”

Or, even worse, they pull me aside and pitch their next brilliant idea. We’re talking idiocy ranging from amphibious ninja-manned submarines to planting ninjas in the secret service. 

Like, just yesterday, a stiff in a suit pulled me aside and said one word. His teeth were grayed from way too much coffee. 

“Hackers,” he whispered, raising his bushy brows. 

So, the ever-obedient Green Man must now sit ninjas down in front of a computer. 

My first pupil powers the thing on and attacks it like a pecking chicken. One peck here, and *oh look another kernel!*

I try to explain the assignment, one more time. 

“Listen, we just need you to open up Microsoft Word. Locate the target word file.”

His eyes are so blank it’s practically insulting. To help him out, I get a printout of the document we’re looking for. 

“See here, read the title. *Trump’s ties to Russia*. Now we go find.”

The masked man nods so fast, the knots nearly come loose. He squints at the screen and begins pecking away. Letters miraculously form in the search bar. The ninja’s fingers become a blur. For a moment, I think we may be on to something. 

Like, maybe my career is worthwhile after all. I look over to Brenda and give her a thumbs up.

And when I turn back, my example sheet is missing. The ninja winks at me, and my stomach just drops. 

He’s got the sheet folded between his fingers.

“Always be watching, Sami-son,” he says. “Let not even the call of a grasshopper sway the focus of your mind.”

From her desk, Brenda snorts out a laugh. I tell her to go print off another copy, and when she slaps it on the table, I lean in to whisper.

 “Give corporate a call. I’m putting in for a transfer.” 

---------------------
r/writerscrywhiskey


We all knew Trump's Mexican border wall wouldn't solve all America's immigration problems---but only I knew why.

On my stake-outs in the deserts of Arizona and Texas, I could sometimes see them practicing. They leapt so high that the moon was eclipsed by their wide-brimmed sombreros. They grabbed its fabric in both hands and parachuted for miles, silently laughing at fences and walls, landing in whichever country they chose.

But if you know anything about REAL politics, you know it's the Canadian border we need to worry about. 

His white costume was camouflage in the icy winter, but I could still see him, because he wasn't hiding the bright-red maple leaf on his chest. We stood across the American-Canadian border, a great slash of trees cut out of the forest like an immature "no-touching zone."

"You stay on your side," I reminded him with a shout. "That's the deal, remember?" 

"Times are changing, eh. Do you know how many ninja-nationalities are on your side of the border right now?"

"Just one nationality here," I said. "United States of American." 

"I'm sure, eh." He turned and started to walk away. "But it's all changing, after Brexit."

"Those kingdoms are far from here."

"Don't forget where your fealties lie, eh. You've got as many ninjas watching London as London has watching you."

"Let London do what it wants. It won't affect us."

"Everything affects everyone, eh. France coughs, all Europe gets a cold. Don't you know, the socio-political-economic disturbance of a major breakdown in the European Union might need to be rectified in the night with some ninjas, if you know what I mean."

I smushed out a cigarette. "Is that a warning or a threat?"

"It's a warning."

"On behalf of whom?"

"You know my connections in Quebec." He disappeared into the white night. "I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you, eh."


The problem with Japan’s was that they tried to mass produce them. Sure, they got thousands of ninjas, but those guys belonged more in a circus than the battlefield. They could climb walls decently fast? Move around a little silent? Give me a break. The only real difference between them and the standard foot soldier was that they dressed in black onesies. Real ninjas are not so cheap and I promise you, you’ve never heard of a single one.

---

Agent Sarah Romanov had her hands cuffed behind her, her supervisor with his gun twitching on the trigger, pointed directly at her head. And she had thought they had a decent work relationship.

“I assure you, Agent Romanov,” her boss, Agent Kingsley, said. “This is to protect you.”

Sarah flicked her eyes over to the pitch-black end of his pistol. Somewhere along the six levels of security clearance they went through just to arrive in this interrogation room, her boss had lost his mind. No bodyguard had ever pulled their pistol on their mark claiming to protect them.

“I’m handcuffed, Jeff.” It was simple and probably didn’t work on a trained CIA operative, but saying people’s first names minimalized their odds of killing you. “Do you really need to point a gun at me?”

“This is standard protocol for this meeting.”

“Is this because of my last name?” Sarah had spent six years as a field agent with no prospects of promotion. She had a good idea why. Performance issues were a good bet, but then she became the best around and nothing changed. Then came the woman angle, but the CIA didn’t really cared for the particular spy, only the intel. At last, she came to the conclusion of her nationality. She was Russian.

“No,” her boss said, but a slight inflection at the start of the word gave him away.

The door opened and a man in a graphic tank top walked in. He had pink sunglasses and blonde hair with frosted tips. If Sarah had to guess, a frat boy had wandered drunkenly into the wrong building and somehow past the maximum level of US security clearance to arrive here still looking for a spot to piss in. But as soon as he walked in, her boss’s finger tensed on the trigger.

“Agent Romanov,” he said. “Meet codename Derek. He is a secret more well-guarded than what goes on in Area 51. If you ever wonder why the United States is the military might of the world, you’re looking at the reason.”

Sarah stared. Medium build. Average height. Healthy weight. There was nothing at all spectacular about this *Codename Derek*.

“You’re as jumpy as ever, Jeff,” Derek said and pulled out the seat across from them. He sat down and plopped his feet on the table between them. “Sarah Romanov, you’re hotter in person.”

The frown on Sarah’s lips deepened. Surely, this was a prank. But her boss’s cheeks hadn’t had any color in them for the past hour now.

Derek leaned forward and wagged a finger in front of him. “You wanna know why I chose you as my Operator? I like the way you look,” he said, chuckling. “So, don’t let it get to your head. Higher ups begged me to pick someone else, to even give their reports and recommendation a glance. But I found you on Facebook and pointed at you and said that’s the one. And here you are.”

“So, I’m here to babysit you?” Sarah asked. She had only a single experience as an operator and it wasn’t a good one. Her asset had died, quite violently.

“More or less.” He got up, grinning. Steel grinded against steel as his chair scraped the ground. “Heard the last one you babysat died. I won’t be dying. Though there’ll be many more opportunities to do so.” And he snapped his finger.

Jeff Kingsley yelped and his gun clattered onto the ground. He clutched his chest, groaning. It was a heart attack! Sarah got up out her chair to help, but her hands were still cuffed behind her.

“C’mon,” Jeff said, “you’re my operator. You were supposed to stop me from doing stupid shit like that. To be fair, I injected the kill pill long before you so this one’s not entirely your fault.”

Sarah looked around, waiting for the paramedics to come bursting through one of the two doors in the interrogation room. Nobody came. Instead, Jeff just rolled across the ground, his face purple as he began choking.

She pressed her lips together and knelt down beside him. She slammed her head into his chest and began compressions. It wasn’t working.

“Hey,” Derek said, dropping a blue pill onto the ground. “That’s the antidote. Have him swallow that and he’ll be fine in seconds. Only problem is that I only have one and truthfully, this was going to be your antidote.”

“Mine?”

He shrugged. “Did I stutter?”

Without a second thought, Sarah took the pill between her teeth and fed it to her boss. “Swallow,” she told him.

Her boss followed her instruction and immediately the deep purple faded from his face. He stopped rolling around. At last, even his breath returned with a giant gasp. Sarah whipped around toward Derek, glaring at the man, but he only returned her a small smile.

“I suppose I was right to choose you,” he said. “And they told me that I should try thinking for once.”

“Who the hell are you?” she growled.

“An old man with a few parlor tricks up my sleeve. I look forward to working with you.” With a wink, he left.

---

/r/jraywang for 200+ stories.


Asla had never travelled this far east before. She chose to hike the last stretch of her journey, leaving her beat-up car under a tarpaulin, tucked behind a copse of trees. Nature had beat back man’s progress here, and all she had for company were the skittish wildlife, the rush of the waterfalls, the snowflakes cascading down belligerently. Walking rejuvenated her, but more importantly, it gave her a chance to attune her senses, probe for the Folkvarthr, the guardian of the town.

She found him perched on a rocky outcrop, just a couple of miles from Seydisfjordur. Asla knew she made no noise, left barely an imprint on the fresh snow beneath her feet, but before such an experienced master, she might as well have been beating a drum, strumming a lyre.

“Folkvarthr, I come in peace,” she said, keeping her distance. She used the honorific so that he would know that she was cut from the same cloth, another member of the ancient clan sworn to protect their country. Underneath her shawl, she gripped her twin knives, priming her defences. It never hurt to be prudent.

The older man turned then, and for a moment Asla wondered if the reports were embellished. There was a placid calmness to him, and none of the fire and brimstone she was cautioned about. His eyes, dulled with age, reminded her of the frozen orbs she sometimes had to scrape out of bowls she had left out.

“I don’t recall asking to be relieved,” he said. “I am not yet battle-weary. I intend to guard this town until I die.”

“Olafur, you have done us a great service,” Asla replied. “The records run with the great deeds you have accomplished. You have saved this town more times than anyone can count. You have more than earned your rest.”

Olafur scrounged on the ground, picked up a couple of smoothened pebbles. Asla narrowed her eyes, but this time she was over-suspicious – Olafur aimed the small missiles not at her, but at three spots away from them, one to the north and the others to the west. There was but a bleak light still illuminating the valley, so Asla relied instead on her hearing to determine where the pebbles landed.

“Those are where the rifts are,” said Olafur, dusting his palms off. “The monsters don’t come as often now, but they still can, and they still do. They are different from the ones you deal with back in Reykjavik, or wherever the hell you came from. Nature emboldens them. They don’t emerge at night, skulking in the shadows. No, these prefer the day, where they revel in being seen, being feared. There’s a sadism in these parts that only I can handle, young one.”

There’s a sadism alright, thought Asla, but instead she said, “I will be straightforward, Folkvarthr. This is not a request. The Council has asked that you retire, with immediate effect.”

“Oh? After all the good work I’ve done?”

“Too good, in fact,” said Asla. “Reports have come in that you no longer communicate with the town, that you have completely shut yourself off from them. The local children don’t even dare come near you anymore, and they have started calling you the Boogeyman, the Reaper. Even worse, the monsters that you slay… you’re not just putting them down, you’re *slaughtering* them. The Council has reason to believe that you-”

Olafur chose to move at that moment, streaking in a blur towards highground. Asla was ready, and so she followed closely behind, matching him step for step. She considered the possibility that he was leading her towards a trap, but pushed that thought away. She had to believe that there was humanity yet left in him.

Some hundred feet above the ground, a cave opened up alongside the hill, hidden if one were only looking in from the roads. Olafur paused there, then snapped his fingers, bringing to life the candles within. Asla discerned immediately the two urns on one side of the cave, and the heaps of ash on the other.

“They took my family, was that in your reports too?” Olafur asked. “I had just saved the town from another invasion, took down no less than three ghouls and two ogres on my own. They come in waves, so I thought we were safe for a while. But they were hiding, down by the waters when my daughter went to swim. My Hansa struggled with them, but she is no practitioner of glima that I am.”

In that moment, Asla understood why the Council had chosen her, of all the practitioners, and a tiny bit of the tension in her seeped away. She was not going to die here today, after all. “No words can convey my condolences,” she said, eventually.

Olafur didn’t seem to hear. “And everyday, everyday I add on to the ashes of my enemies. I think, maybe, when there’s enough of it, it will all make sense again, feel right again.”

“Has it worked?”

“No,” said Olafur, “not yet. And that is why I cannot stop, you see? I have to keep going. I have to keep-”

Asla lashed out, her knives glinting as they sung through the air. She was not given to surprise attacks, but this was an opponent far more skilled than she was, and she would have to take what the gods of chance gave her. Heck, she had only felled the one ogre in her life, and that was quite an anemic one at that. 

Olafur caught her blows easily, striking at her wrists, deflecting her attacks. He stepped in, pushed his shoulder against her midriff, then lifted her legs. Asla tensed and recoiled, twisting in the air, landing on her feet. If she fell, it was over.

Round and round they went, like marbles in a cone, striking and rebounding, feinting and parrying. At times it seemed that Asla, with her youth and vigor and aggression, had the edge. But Olafur would come back, a crashing fjord of implacable power, brushing her off like a weevil. Then, a slip, as Asla’s foot caught on an uneven patch of ground, throwing her off just a couple of inches.

Olafur seized the moment, overwhelming her with a deathgrip. Asla kept still, quivering despite her best efforts. She was at his mercy.

“Why does the Council stop me?” he asked, breathing heavily. “Can a man not have his revenge?”

“You are showing signs of taint, Olafur! Do you not see that? In a year, or two, will your bloodlust have calmed?”

“I am *in control*!” he said. “Why do you think I have not snapped your neck?”

Asla sighed, then relinquished her knives, dropping them to the ground. Olafur had not yet yielded in the face of her surrender, so there was only one course of action left. 

“I bring with me too another message from the Council,” she said. “Straight from your master’s mouth, the same one who assigned you here years ago. He bids me to remind you that you have done your part, that you deserve, at the least, some rest. ‘Any of us can quell the monsters, Olafur, but only you can tend to your wounds. Let Asla carry on your work for you.’ That is what he said.”

Asla waited, and eventually Olafur loosened his hold. She broke free, then turned to assess her opponent. The fight had deserted him, and the hunch in his back, the despair on his brows – there was no more duelling to be had. Olafur averted his gaze, but Asla caught the hint of moistness in his eyes.

“She… she would be around your age, if she were still alive, you know?” Olafur said, staring off into the distance.

You bastards, she thought. It’s not fair sending someone who reminds him of his daughter to fight him. That’s just underhanded.

“I know,” she said.

There they sat, as the sun completed its retreat, and the stars reclaimed their fair share of the heavens. From the distance they heard the merriment from the town – preparations were underway for the winter festivals, and Asla sensed that even the monsters would have the decency to stay away this night.

“Where’s good for dinner?” she asked, tentatively.

Olafur sighed. “I can show you, if you like.”

Asla smiled.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny


Cold, bright stars shone through the thin mountain air like flickering candles by the time Kentaro-san built up the courage to approach the hut. Set in glade alone, ringed by silent pines, the the wooden hut looked ancient, and it was.

First built by the United Ninja Clans nearly four-hundred years ago, it was meant to be a place of quiet reflection and shared experience. A place where the clans of the world would gather once a decade and celebrate their skill and discuss the world-at-large. Now, in these dark times, the meetings that the hut hosted had taken on a new meaning.

The heavy wooden door groaned deafeningly as Kentaro-san swung it only wide enough for his thin, sinewy frame to slip through. The interior of the hut was silent and as cold as outside beneath the stars. In the center of the hut sat the great round table that so many of his ancestors and peers had sat at through the decades. A nightbird outside called out to no-one. He was early.

As the senior member of Clan Nihon, as well as its most learned, he was elected by his peers to attend this most grave of meetings. A representative from all of the clans would be in attendance: the Shogun-Cowboys of the Americas, the copper-and-cotton Hashassins of the Arabic nations, the brightly-patterned but silent Warrior-Priests of Africa, and the long-hidden tribesmen from the Amazons. Even the Voices of Valhalla from the cold north, who rarely came down from their blissful mountain sanctuaries, would be in attendance. Indeed, the threat from The Orange One was too great to ignore further.

To keep his early arrival to himself, Kentaro-san slipped into the shadows on his padded footwear. Wedging himself between a thick wooden stud and an eons-old chair, he prepared himself to meditate silently while awaiting the arrival of his fellow ninjas.

Just as he closed his eyes for prayer, he heard the deep, booming Voice of Valhalla call out from seemingly nowhere, and everywhere:

"Glad you could join us, Kentaro-san. Go ahead and dial in - the conference call number is on the table."


Shinji paced his hotel room, brow furrowed in thought. The International Ninja Cup was a mere day away, and as his feet padded softly on the back and forth on the floor his mind was furiously at work. As Team Captain, he was given a tremendous opportunity - to lead Team Japan against clans from across the globe. But, he bore a heavy weight - it was his responsibility to attempt to redeem Japan after years of shame.

Hundreds of years of competition, and each and every result the same - Japan disgracing itself with a last place finish. No matter the advancements in technology, no matter the focus on personal discipline, Japan could not seem to produce ninjas with the skill and talent of other nations. 

A soft sigh escaped Shinji's lips as he shook his head for the hundredth time - he must not let his focus slip for even an instant. He must keep his mind sharp, lest one small error lead to his team's downfall. He stepped to the window to take in the beautiful morning view, a small smile crossing his face; yes, as long as he could maintain precise concentration, he would lead Japan out of last place for the first time in recorded history. He was sure of it. 

He turned away to recheck his equipment one more time when a sizzling blur scythed the air beside his head. A shuriken embedded itself with a thud into the wall two inches beside his head, shattering his concentration and sending adrenaline coursing through his veins.

He leapt to the window, pulling a dagger from his belt, ready to defend himself from this obvious attempt to sabotage his team. However, as his eyes scanned the rooftops and skyline surrounding his hotel room, he could not see any trace of his attacker. He easily spotted Toshi, who was on guard duty. Using ninja hand signals he asked the master ninja if he had seen the failed assassin, but Toshi indicated that he hadn't even noticed the attack. 

Enraged, Shinji flew to the wall where the weapon had lodged itself. Prying it loose he noted the 9-pointed maple leaf of its shape, identifying itself undeniably as the work of the Canada Clan. But, for the first time he also noticed the attached note. Retrieving it, he read the words slowly to himself, cheeks reddening as he did.

"Hello Shinji. Hope all is well. Sorry to bother you, but we are trying to get ready for the big competition tomorrow, and we were wondering if you wouldn't mind keeping down the noise? Between you stomping around your room and blustering loudly to yourself, we're finding it real hard to get anything done. Thanks a lot, and good luck tomorrow eh?"


Ninja have been dead for centuries. That's what everyone out in the sunlight believes, and we make sure it remains that way to this day.

Ninja have been evolving in the 21st century. They're becoming skilled in more than just the arts of stealth and combat. Cyber warfare is huge, and we have all of the data.

Russian, American, British, Mexican, even the North Korean data comes to us, and if we see it fit it gets sent out under the mention of an anonymous tip, or filtered through some politicians.

Japan is the problem child in our great big family. The ninja there have yet to gather ANY useful information from the Japanese government. This is mostly due to them refusing to wear plainclothes and instead dressing in the stereotypical ninja wear that you'd see in movies. Black mask, black clothes, sword on hip, etc.

The Russian division is insisting we move in soon to take over, because currently Japan is our wildcard. 

We move at daybreak.


What do you see when I say the word 'ninja'? Clad in black, hooded, some kunais and knives hanging from their belt? Well, that just shows you how bad they really were at hiding. Sure they're trying to reinvent their image but their so steeped in history that the elders find it appalling to change tradition.

But they're not the only ninjas that exist. There's more, all around the world. They hide in plain sight.

You want an example? Well, find the most hipster looking guy or girl around you. See one? Alright, follow them. They're heading to the Chatime stand, right? Well, I know for a fact what they're gonna order. Caramel Milk Tea, extra bubble jelly and five shots of sugar. Absolutely diabetic, but that's the secret code they give to get their mission. Even the employees don't know about it, they just mindlessly key in the order and swipe their rewards card, which is more identification. They get that little slip of paper, and from there they get their mission before rubbing the ink off with their finger.

That's how we get our missions.

Weapons? Well, it is illegal to openly carry here in Malaysia, but phones are getting pretty smart these days, and theirs are no exception. They mainly get by without attacking anyone, using the phone with top of the line decryption algorithms to get through the toughest security there is. But when push comes to shove they've got a trick or two up their sleeves. Their glasses have sharpened ear rests. Their phones can fire a tranquilizer dart from the charging port. Used to be the headphone jack but Apple caught on to us. Had to change it. That's about it really. Our ninjas specialize in information. Which is why you don't see many unexplainable deaths happening here.

Only one you may have heard of is the Altantuya case, but we needed him to take the top spot. We thought he'd be easily manipulated. Then he started getting greedy, so we started leaking stuff online.

Because we deal in information.

Which is why I'm talking to you openly about this. Because you're not supposed to be here much longer. Nice meeting you by the way. You're a great listener.

----------------------

Done at a restaurant on mobile, so forgive the writing. Feedback always welcome! Just wanted to sort of build the world I suppose.


It's 7 PM, and I'm set up in the lobby of the Albany Marriott. My target is due downstairs in about 10 minutes, so I have plenty of time to check over my equipment.

Poison needles... check. Ceramic dagger... check. Ballpoint pen... check.

...oh shit... is that **Fukunaga?**

Fuck. It is.

I catch him staring at me from a bush outside. He's dressed in that idiotic ninja garb that screams "**HEY, OVER HERE!!! I'M A NINJA!!! DON'T TELL ANYONE YOU CAN SEE ME!!!**"

Now, I have much respect for the traditions of the *kage*. They were once the great warriors of the shadows, and could infiltrate a castle, kill a man, and leave before anyone was aware they were a target... and best of all, no one would suspect it was an assassination.

Then they got cocky.

They let word of their deeds out, purportedly to "spread fear among their potential victims." They also let themselves stagnate under the weight of tradition.

Meanwhile, most of the rest of the practitioners adapted, learned to blend in the modern world, ditched those fucking pajamas and got better than the originals.

So now my mission may be blown because of some short-bus killer who stands out when he should be...

Oh... idea time.

Five minutes to go, and I gesture to a coworker. "Hey... who is that in the bush outside?"

"Dude, whatcha been smokin'? Can you, like... oh shit, dude, yer right! There's, like, a guy in that bush!"

He points right at Fukunaga. He's speaking so loud that the 4 or 5 guests in the lobby look where he's pointing.

I see Fukunaga startle, then duck his head down into his hood. Probably to bite the cyanide capsule he has sewn into the lining.

Joke's on him. I swapped it for a Nyquil caplet 2 or 3 years ago in Rome, when he tried to cut in on another job. Fucked that up, too, as he got spotted by a **priest**, if you can believe it, who called the Swiss Guard to report a possible attempt on the Pope's life.

(He was kind of close... I was after a cardinal. Took an extra two days with the heightened security.)

Fukunaga falls dramatically to the ground to prepare for his "death throes," and I see my target leave the elevator flanked by two rent-a-thugs.

I pull the ink part out of my Bic pen, slide the needle into the barrel, and puff hard into the end, I see a brief glint of light on surgical steel, and the point pokes into the target's neck.

At the same moment as the victim slaps the needle deeper into his flesh (guaranteeing a painful death 4 hours from now... that's what you get when you rape a congressman's son, you sick Mafia fuck), the gorillas spot Fukunaga failing to spasm in death, and start towards the dumb bastard.

I turn to the coworker. "Hey, can you take the desk for a second? I have to take a piss."

"Yeah, man... don't you want to see the excitement, though?"

No, not really. I want to get as far away from here as I can before that greasy pedo drops dead.

"No... I'v **really** got to go."

As I leave the desk (never to return... sorry, dude), I see Fukunaga jump to his feet and run like his life depends on it (which it does, given the size of the bodyguards chasing him) and chuckle quietly.

Sometimes, tradition **does** come in handy.


> 	Agent Jormundson walked down hallway leading into the briefing room awaiting what he thought would be a very boring briefing on the Japanese military. Agent Thor "Hammer" Jormundson was an old hand at these meetings. Last week it was the Korean Army vs. the North Koreans, and today it was the South Korean allies, the JSDF. He’d heard it all before, even though it was classified, it never meant it was interesting. The CIA had a thing about having a plan for a plan for a plan, and of course never using any of them. This was something that he sort of liked. Jormundson loved his on-the-spot planning, he felt the agency really came alive when he had to think on his feet.
> 
> 	Not that he was going to do that for the next hour, instead he mentally prepared himself to read more graphs than anyone could remember, and pretend to write notes on goings on in the far east that he couldn’t possibly be less interested in. The Japanese were a stubborn and conservative people, very meticulous; but for someone who’s expertise was in Europe alone: absolutely boring. He walked into the room with a look of absolute boredom that he knew that the adviser was bound to expect. However the room was empty.
> 
> 	Jormundsen turned around and looked at the room number, and found he was in the right room, but it was empty, save for the conference table, a large TV, and office chairs that probably cost more than he made in three months. As his eyes came down from the room sign, he saw an older man walking down the hallway flanked with two other men in very unusual uniform, he’d seen many, but these struck him, he’d never quite seen anything like it.
> 
> 	Jormundsen who’d just sat down brushed himself off as he sat up and reached out for a handshake. “pleasure, I’m Jormundsen, you must be Jeremy Winton?” 
> 
> 	Jormundsen was thoroughly thrown off at this point, the two men wore what seemed to be a military uniform, but had what looked like balaclava’s up to their eyes, and small slits like gills alongside their necks, in these slits was some more cloth covered in red, white and blue stripes. On their shoulders were the usual camo United States Flag patches. They were in Military fatigues and seemed eerily quiet, almost as if while walking they were called to attention and floated down the hallway. They entered the room, like ghosts.
> 
> 	“Pleasure Agent, sit, we have something a little different planned for today. I want you to understand that anything said here goes under the standard guidelines. This Is all Top Secret with repercussions that go beyond your time here in the CIA.” The old Asian man ignored his handshake and sat down closing the door as he entered the room.
> 
> 	The two men at his sides taking other chairs across the table. The first who had brown eyes pulled the power plug of the TV, and sat down. The Blue eyes of the other, burned into the side of Jormundson’s head as he sat down, and continued his stare. Brown eyes seemed tired, and crossed his arms and closed his eyes. He seemed to be listening very intently, he then sat down murmuring “Damn NSA”.
> 
> 	Jeremy crossed his hands on the table, speaking with reserve and a steady voice. “We’ve brought you here today to brief you on a job opportunity, that if accepted will put you in a very small group of interesting individuals.” He gazed at Jormundson who by now seemed thoroughly confused.
> 
> 	“I don’t remember signing up for a new position, I do however remember that I have a report due on the Japanese Self Defense Force that won’t write itself.” Jormundson had regained his composure and was now getting annoyed at being led through this strangeness. He wanted to get through with it and get writing, so he could get home early for a change.
> 
> 	Jeremy continued, uninterested with his irate tablemate’s report, “You’re a lot like your father, before we poached him from The Swedish Lightning.” He smiled at the puzzled look that immediately flashed across his face.
> 
> 	“My father was a postmaster in Duluth, Minnesota until his dying day. So I wouldn’t presume you knew my father.” Jormundson rebutted, offended at the pretense.
> 
> 	The old man gave out a small laugh and smiled. “Oh I knew old Jormund well, he was the best in class in Sweden, but Sweden doesn’t know war, so Sweden loses it’s best chess pieces.” He put his hand flat on the table towards Jormundson who looked like he was about to get up and walk out. “Did you ever wonder why a postmaster from Duluth would travel to Europe for government business? Did you ever wonder how a postmaster could afford to send his three sons to the most prestigious colleges? And then mysteriously disappear into Huron after a car crash on the Mackinac Bridge?”
> 
> 	This was growing very unsettling for Jormundson who had just began to remember the solemn and quick and quiet funeral that the government had paid for. It was strange, though he said his teary goodbyes, it all felt so fast, almost as if there was no time or money for grieving. He had since grown to accept it since it was nearly twenty years ago now. It revived that wonder he had about why the Postmen always seemed nervous when he asked them what his father’s job was like at the office, since he was never allowed to go.
> 
> 	“Son, I’m about to tell you something that about a hundred or more, or less, know in United States. We operate a small clandestine unit known as the “Lincoln Brigade”.” He stared at Jormundson with a deadly serious look on his face.
> 
> 	Jormundson wanted to laugh, but it was strange how serious these three men were being about this subject. To Jormundson the “Lincoln Brigade” was a volunteer group of Americans who fought in the Spanish Civil War, and nothing more. “You mean like the Lincoln Brigade in Spain?” offered Jormundson.
> 
> 	“This is where things get complicated son.” Jeremy leaned back in his chair, tenting his fingers and then setting them on his arm rests. “It is the same, and it’s not. We were founded at the behest of Lincoln during the Civil War, had we been there during his assassination we would have had our founder with us a little longer.” He closed his eyes almost as if he was remembering that time himself.
> 
> 	“The LB were in Spain, alongside the “Lincoln Brigade” some drunk fool found the name from one of our more careless agents and loved it, though we are much older. But we were present there, and helped Franco become what he was, shame he didn’t stay as faithful to us after the war.” The implications of what Jeremy said were beginning to interest Jormundson.
> 
> 	“So, you’re saying that Franco was a United States plot?” Jormundson said asking the question with all the doubt one could show on ones face.
> 
> 	“Yes, when a political situation demands quick satisfaction, or a quick hand is needed to ensure the United States prospers, we can provide a quick answer. We don’t do prolonged struggle, we tip the teetering pyramid in the direction it needs to go.”
> 
> 	“So, you are a bunch of assassins?” Jormundson seemed puzzled by strange interspersed vagueness in a lot of the words. “You guys are a bunch of Yankee Ninjas?”
> 
> 	“Not ninjas, the Japanese paid dearly and still do for letting that get out. They had them first, but they were merely a prototype. They don’t call them that anymore.”
> 
> 	“What do they call them now?” Jormundson asked.
> 
> 	“The Hyaku, or the One Hundred.” Jeremy said matter-of-factly, and there are many more in the world. “The Russian Tyeni, and the Chinese YinYing, both have their home in the Russian Revolution, coming from the Tsarist Okhrana. The Germans never believed in them and paid for it at the end of WWII, Hitler didn’t kill himself son. The Tyeni made sure of that.” Jeremy offered each tidbit as though it were a reward for continued interest in the conversation, and Jormundson was biting.
> 
> 	Jormundson could hardly believe the things he was hearing, being that they flew in the face of conventional knowledge. He knew a lot that the public didn’t, but this was really left field for even a Secret level CIA conference.
> 
> 	Jeremy continued “The Indian Svajas face off nearly daily with the Pakistani Uqaab, These Japanese Hyaku face with the South Korean Gonghwadang Geulimja the North Korean Bulg-eun Geulimja, we just call them Gongs and Bulgans for short.”
> 
> 	“Communist Ninjas?” Jormundson asked puzzled by how that sounded.
> 
> 	“Yeah, Communist Ninjas.” Jeremy smiled at the naive question. “We don’t have an Ideology Jormundson, they are something any country can come up with given enough time.” Jeremy finished the point before he continued on. “Norway has the løvers, and Sweden the tändande. Løver is Norwegian for Lion, Son.” Brown eyes who has been quiet since his entrance earlier let out a chuckle. Blue eyes blinked, in what Jormundson was sure was the first time he had done so since they got here.
> 
> 	”Your father was the best the tändande ever had, and they paid him well, but it was a boring life in Sweden. I met him in Hong Kong, having just having been released from The Royal Army and her majesty’s service, and recently brough on by the LB in the US. We knew about him, and I approached him with an offer, he took it and moved to Minnesota.” Jeremy began to speak a little less seriously, and seemingly more personal. ”He was a good man, but in the Lincoln Brigade he was involved against the Soviet Tyeni, and got a bit too deep. They evened out the score on Mackinac Bridge twenty years ago.” Jeremy said this so matter of factly, it threw off Jormundson completely again.
> 
> -Continued-
> 
>


I tell you man, the harmonium, and god, the bells... THE BELLS!

It all started at the county fair. It was supposed to be a diplomatic visit. The president was supposed to do a quaint meet and greet followed by a photo op with the WI, and the quaint British traditions. Guaranteed to raise the approval rating from the foreign trip. Spawn a couple of think-pieces on the special relationship. That sort of thing. 

God why won't anyone believe me. They came at us with sticks! They tapped Agent Carter on the ankle, and he just fell down shaking, It couldn't have been anaphylactic shock from the Victoria sponge!

They all moved in this lockstep, dancing towards us spiralling around us. Your eyes were just drawn to the ribbons and hankies, it must have been some sort of hypnosis! I'm telling you! 

Why won't you believe me!

What?

I don't know why the crowd was all cheering and clapping. It was fucking creepy, watching their dead eyes and their robotic motions. It must have been some sort of mass hypnosis.

But what happened next, I couldn't move. There was some sort of weight pinning me down. They skipped I tell you, Skipped up to POTUS, and just tapped him on the forehead. 

They just carried on down the street, the whole gang of them. I'm not crazy, but the bells, why won't anyone believe me!


"It wasn't my phone that woke me up, but my wife. She's always been a lighter sleeper than me, and even though I had it on silent, the constant stream of notification vibrations was making the phone shuck and jive all over my nightstand.

"Honey. Hoooooooney. HONEY!" I came awake to a rough shake accompanying the words. "Yeahwah?" I managed, blearily.

"Your phone. Somebody is blowing you up." 

"Must be my other girlfriend." An old joke, wildly inappropriate considering what was to follow. "Mmhhmm." She mumbled, already well on her way back to sleep. I checked the bedside clock; the red LED showing 3 am on the nose. Weird. I leaned awkwardly, half awake, and grabbed my phone, and had to do a doubletake when I saw the notifications. 186 texts, 93 missed calls, and one emergency notification. What. The Actual. Fuck? I thought, ok, this is a dream, must be a dream. I don't even know 186 people. Ok. Must be a natural disaster on the way. Or did Kim Jong Un launch nukes at the west coast? Shit. 

With slightly shaking hands, I thumbed the official notification, expecting the worst. I held my breath. 

"DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON."

Wait, what? The feeling of surreal vertigo intensified. The logical part of my brain was continuing to insist that this was, this MUST, be a dream, must be a dream, must be...

"Shut up, shut up." I whispered to myself, climbing out of bed. I was awake now, fully, rigidly awake, and so I decided to take my phone to the living room to investigate further. Plopping down on the couch, I started scrolling through texts. "Curiouser and curiouser," I mumbled to myself, looking at the texts. None of them from numbers I recognized. Some of them...not even from phone numbers. Entries from numbers with only 8 digits, or 6, or 2. Entries with letters and numbers mixed together. Entries with letters and numbers and Chinese characters mixed in. Emojis and symbols mixed in. My disquiet was growing steadily. I clicked the first message. 

"Wow, look at the moon! It's so big and beautiful. Amazing, isn't it"

So, ok, my brain responded. Not a dream. A practical joke. Someone is messing with me. With my phone. I wonder if my wife is in on this. I clicked the next text.

"It's such a beautiful night tonight. Just look! The moon looks amazing. It's so big!"

"Look at the moon! Wow, it looks so cool! Look honey!"

Something about the "honey" sent a chill up my spine. My wife, shaking me awake, popped back into my mind, unbidden.

"Look at that moon out over the water honey!" It looks so huge so close to the horizon. Why does it do that?"

"It's such a beautiful night honey, look! Wow, the moon looks awesome!"

And as I was reading these, I realized, I could hear a voice speaking the words. Quietly, like they were coming from very far away, repeating, looping over each other, blurring speeding up, slowing down, warping. 

Look at the moon, go outside, look at the moon, go outside, look at the moon, it's a beautiful night, go look at the moon."

Mustering all the calm I could, I set my phone, face down, on the couch. Some still logical functionality commanded me to turn on the TV. Turn on the news. Yes. Normalcy. Emergency broadcast system. Yes. That's a good idea. I turned it on. It's 3 am, surely more than a minute has passed but it says 3 am, right there in the corner of the screen, 3:00AM PDT, and even though it's the middle of the night, there's Anderson Cooper, and he's staring at me, I swear he's looking right at me, and suddenly turning on the news seems like it was a really bad idea. 

"West coast residents are being warned tonight not to look at the moon. Authorities are warning that looking at the moon might destroy your life and could unravel the very fabric of reality. Ben, DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON."

I pressed the power button again on the remote and the TV shut off. Heart trying to thud its way out of my chest, I stood, and walked back towards my bedroom. Somehow, I knew before I opened the door that my wife would be awake, and she was. She was sitting up, her face lit by her phone screen. 

"I shouldn't have told you to look at the moon, honey. I'm sorry."

"Wait, what? Are you?...Are you in on this too? What is going on!"

She looked down, and started crying. "I'm sorry, honey. I'm so so sorry."

I rushed over and sat down hard on the bed, right in front of her. "Sorry for what!" I demanded, panic seizing control of me as I grabbed her shoulders. "Sorry for WHAT! What THE FUCK is going on!!?? Sorry for what??!!"

She stopped crying, and smiled. Her eyes were far away, glazed, almost robotic. "Oh WOW!" she said "Wow, honey, it's such a beautiful night tonight! Just look at the moon!"

I let go of her shoulders, and stood up. I walked calmly, out of the room, out through the living room to the hall to the back door. I threw it open, feeling like my arms and legs were moving on their own. Like I was merely a passenger. I could feel my pulse in my ears. I stepped out, into my backyard. I tilted my head to the sky, and I looked at the moon. 

And then I remembered. God help me, I remembered. Driving along, southbound on coast highway, coming home from a long night. She was tired, dried sweat had warped her perfect hairdo, but she still looked radiant. Face lit by the dash lights, and of course, by the moon. She had sung her heart out tonight, and the crowd had eaten it up. She was a bright shining star, tonight. Hanging out there, seeming mere inches from the horizon, the big, swollen, full face of the moon. Just about to set. 

"Oh WOW!" she said "Wow, honey, it's such a beautiful night tonight! Just look at the moon!" 

And I did. I took my eyes off the road, and I did. She was right, of course. It was beautiful."

I sighed.

"And then I heard an awful sound, like a loud pop, and we were upside down, flying, weightless, like somehow we had been pulled by the moon into space. The car was full of weird things floating through the air, coins, a pen cap, her mic had even floated in from the back into the front. I had one last look at her face. It was still transitioning from the marvel at the beauty of the moon to the shock of the crash. I tried to reach out my hand, but I seemed to be moving through jello. The moon filled the windshield, seemed to get even bigger, brighter, turned the sky white, turned the whole world white."

I wept a little then. Not as much as I would, later, but a little. 

"You know the rest," I said when I had regained my composure. "I came out of the coma. I woke up here."

The officer stared at me, and I could tell she was struggling to keep her face impassive. She felt bad for me, but she didn't want to. 

"I'm sorry for your loss." she said, looking down at her notepad. She hadn't taken down a single word of it. "Can you tell me how much you'd had to drink that night?"

I sighed again. Could I? No, not really. Quite a few. Too fucking many.

"No," I answered. "No, I don't think I can."

She nodded. "You're going to need a lawyer. When you're ready to get out of here, I mean."

I looked down at my broken body. Just a mess of wires and tubes and casts. "Yeah," was all I could muster. 

She stood, and walked toward the door of my hospital room. She put her hand on the door, and without turning, she asked, "do you think if you'd obeyed the warning, you'd still be in the coma?" 

"Yes," I said, quietly. "Yes, I do."


Have you heard the wolf howl?  The sound that echoes in your bones, that makes needles race across your skin.

My grandmother used to say that all wolves howl from instinct.  In memory of something long before, in connection with their ancestors.  And the dogs, they howl from the remnants of instinct from when they were wolves.  From the part of them that remembers the pack, the hunt, the fury.

She said what makes us human is forgetting our instincts.  Left in the wild, how few of us would survive?  How many would know how to stalk prey, would remember how to survive snow naked, or to how to hide from the hungry tiger?

Few.

Tonight, when the moon rose, it was as if there was a presence over my shoulders, as if I could hear a distant musical note but not see the instrument.  For I was in the tunnels deep below the earth, in one of the few remaining coal mines, and shielded from the radiance above.  My team stiffened at midnight, casting their eyes upwards, searching the rock, their eyes finding nothing against the stone and support beams.  And at six AM, we boarded the mine shaft, each of us stopping at the time clock to claim our hours.

That was when the cell phones started to buzz.

Deep underground, it's impossible for the signal to penetrate.  You're cut off not only from the sky, but from all life.  All humanity.  And now, just a few dozen feet below the surface, the flood began.

Jim's phone started first, the ringtone not changed in over a decade, his wrinkles deepening as he stared at the screen.  In all the time I had known Jim, I'd never heard that ringtone.  I'd never seen his screen light up, or his fingers peddle across a keyboard that still used T-9.  But now, the device wouldn't stop vibrating long enough for him to type an answer.

Sally's went off next- Sally, who's screen was so cracked that is nearly cut her finger as she swiped, and who had added a case thicker than her hard hat as a countermeasure to future damage.  But the damage was already done, and no case could undo it.  Funny, how she didn't protect it until no longer necessary.  Like her husband, who cheated on her after they fought every night for a month, and now she spread mortar over the cracks in a marriage that would never recover.

My phone, at four percent battery, was last.  As the twenty other miners trickled out of the tunnel, I switched off airplane mode, which I had been on to connect keep it from dying.  I'd been saving it to call my own wife- it had been six months since our last date, but little Jimmy was sleeping over at a friends tonight.  And I'd been saving change for weeks to take her to Gianno's, where we had first met, to share a Chicago pizza.  Maybe even a milkshake after, if we could splurge.

But before I could call, my phone also started to vibrate.  And four percent turned to three percent.

From Jimmy. "Dad, you HAVE to see this!  Meet me at the baseball field!"

From my wife.  "Honey, come home soon, let's stay in the garden and look at the stars."

Three percent turned to two percent.

From Amanda, my college girlfriend. "Hi Jacob, I know it's been years since we last talked, but I just wanted to apologize for being a bitch when we broke up.  Not that you weren't a jerk :)  But anyways, if you're looking for some fun, let's take a walk in the park.  Maybe we can hide in the bushes :)"

From the astronomy club I had went to once, who kept my phone number since last September. "Jacob, you will *not* believe what's in the sky.  You don't need a telescope to see this!"

Two percent became one, and my phone began to wail.  It was like one of those Amber alerts, where a child goes missing, and you're supposed to watch for a license plate.  But this message contained neither a child or plate.

I'd been walking as I read the messages, but now I stopped, the rest of the group exiting twenty yards ahead of me into the moonlight.  I could hear their phones wailing as well, but none bothered to look.  Instead, they looked up, while I looked down.

"STAY INSIDE.  HIDE, LOCK YOUR DOORS, AND AWAIT EMERGENCY SERVICES."

But when I blinked, the message changed while the phone refreshed.

"UNLOCK YOUR DOORS, AND AWAIT EMERGENCY SERVICES OUTSIDE."

The screen turned dark as the last remaining trickle of battery failed, and the lights in the tunnel flickered.  Ahead, glancing at the reflecting moonlight, something tugged at my mind.  A distant memory that seemed like a word on the tip of my tongue.  An excitement, a mission, something calling to me.  A terrible purpose.

I swallowed, then looked back towards the group.  Their heads tilted back, and their mouths opened, their pupils dilating despite the light.  Their shoulders turned rigid and they stood on their tip toes as their voices cut through the night, as they shouted into the sky.  But I edged backwards into the darkness as they sprinted away together, as a pack.  I slept there that night, waiting for daylight, the mine echoing with the sound they had made before leaving and making me shake.

They have remembered the howl.

And with the rising sun, I walk among wolves.

***



By Leo

**[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8ag0co/the_howl_part_2_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/)**


I wake to my phone buzzing on the night stand. I look at the clock next to it. The green numbers shine brightly: 3:14 AM.

'What the hell?' I think to myself. 'Why is anyone texting me at 3 in the morning?'

Before I can take a look, it starts buzzing again. And again. It won't stop. I grab the phone and mute it quickly but the notifications continue to pop up silently. "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." They're texts coming from my mother, my friends, my siblings, even some numbers I don't recognize.

An unfamiliar alarm blares on my phone. A new notification pops up on my phone, titled US Government Emergency Alert. It reads "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON."

'This is weird,' I think to myself, 'What the hell could be wrong with the moon?'

I walk to my window. I carefully open the curtains halfway so the moon is still covered. The sight is incredible.

Almost all of my neighbors are standing outside, phone in hand. They're staring upward in the direction of the moon. They're walking around talking to each other, pointing to the sky.

'I gotta see what the hell is going on.'

I walk outside and jog over next door, carefully keeping my eyes lowered. My neighbour is standing by his door. I'm about to call out to him when he interrupts me. 

"Hey! Have you seen the moon tonight?" he asks.

"Listen man, something weird is going on. It's 3 in the morning, why are you outside right now? Why is half the neighbourhood outside?" I reply.

"You haven't looked yet, have you?" he laughs.

"Did you just ignore everything I said? Why are you outside? What's wrong with the moon?"

Without warning, my neighbor rushes up to me and places a hand on each side of my head. He violently turns my head toward the sky. "Just look!"

Oh. OH. I get it now. This is... incredible. It's impossible. There's no way this can be happening. It's... I don't even know. I have to tell someone about this. 

I take out my phone and draft a message, addressed to everyone on my contact list. I slowly tap in the words "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside."


Andrew nearly snarled as his phone chimed for what seemed to be the umpteenth time. His shift at the warehouse ended only a few hours ago and it like chickens running around with their heads chopped off whenever he left. It was rare delight to encounter the nights that he was actually permitted to sleep through the night.

On top of the texts that were just brimming with simple incompetency, the morons that lit up his phone in the middle of the night always seemed to wake up his wife, Isabel, who suffered from insomnia to begin with. The raise Andrew agreed to that stated he kept his ringer on for these occasions never seemed worth it when he saw Isabel the next day, curled up in the guest room with dark circles under her eyes from her attempts to get away from the constant chiming. 

Andrew rubbed a hand over eyes to clear them, trying to understand the ridiculous amount of messages but he must have been more tired than he thought since they didn’t make sense.

He quickly scrolled through the message previews, finding they all seemed to follow the same pattern: to look at the moon. The moon? What the -? Why?

It was like a shot to his adrenaline when he saw that some of the messages were coming from Isabel’s phone. He shot up from bed, seeing the other side empty, and jumped to his feet. 

“Hun, what’s going on,” Andrew questioned, still scrolling through his phone while walking towards the guest room.  The room was at the end of the hallway and the door was wide open. He could see Isabel standing in the middle of the room, arms down by her side and phone clutched in her hand as she gazed out the window. 

As he grew closer, he could see that she was shaking, “Bel? Honey? What’s wrong, why-”

Isabel’s body whipped toward him and Andrew couldn’t help himself, he froze in place. She ran and shoved her body into the door, slamming it shut and locking it in place. 

The speed was all wrong though, Andrew had never seen her move that fast. It was insane, it was...inhuman….

His own body started to tremble when he remembered her eyes. Her pupils were dilated and not a single bit of the green irises he loved so much were left. 

He was just about to ram his own body into the door, to beg her to let him in and make her explain what is happening, but then she started sobbing. 

“Andrew! You need to run, you need to hide! I’m so sorry, god I am so sorry. Run, Andrew, and whatever you do, don’t look at the moon!” 

Andrew started pounding his fists on the door and trying to shove his weight against it, but she must have blocked it with something. 

Despite his shouting and his pleading to be let in, his forgotten phone on the hallway floor seemed to crack through the commotion as the alarms of the emergency alert system distracted him for just a moment. The robotic voice started to play from his phone automatically, “WARNING. THIS IS NOT A TEST. THIS IS AN EMERGENCY ALERT. DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON. WARNING. THIS IS NOT A TES-”

Andrew thought his distress was at its peak, nothing was making sense and he just needed to get Isabel so they could deal with this together. He just needed to-

Her screams started and it struck him cold to the very center of his being. He began pounding and kicking at the door until it gave way under his body. Isabel was on the floor, writhing in the moonlight. Andrew couldn’t help it, his knees buckled and he emptied the contents of his stomach right where he stood. 

Isabel's body was bent at every wrong angle possible but she wasn’t screaming anymore. Her head snapped in his direction with that ungodly speed again. Bathed in the moon’s light and pupils still completely dilated, she smiled up at him as if every bone in her body wasn’t broken. 

In the same voice she used to tell soothe him time after time, she whispered, “Look at the moon, Andrew.”


*BEEP BEEP*

I rocketed upright in my bed as I woke with a start. I glanced at my clock, *3:00 AM* it read. Grogily, I yawned and picked up the source of this rude awakening, my phone. As I pressed the power button, bringing the device to life, I noticed something strange. *An emergency alert?* I thought. I unlocked it and tapped the notification. The screen presented to me contained seven words: **Warning: Do not look at the moon!"**

Before I had a chance to question the strange alert, the phone in my hand began buzzing louder than a chourus of bees as text after text flashed rapidly before my eyes, each displaying the exact same message, "It's beautiful tonight. Look outside."
"Huh," I said, "What a dumb prank." I laid my phone back on the nightstand and lay back down in my bed, drifting off to sleep.

The morning sunlight peeked through the curtains when I woke up, shining a thin line of light on the opposite wall. I got up, opened the curtains, and immediately vomited at the sight. Hundreds of decaying corpses, strewn across the ground outside, every one of them with a phone in hand, their bodies decomposing in the hot summer sun. As I stared in horror at the view ouside my window, I heard a faint buzz. Hesitantly, I reached out and opened my phone to reveal that I had one new text message. I clicked open the message.

"They looked at the moon."


My hand reached out from the messy nest of blankets I was buried under, and flopped onto the buzzing phone on my dresser. Bleary-eyed and dazed, I dragged it under the blankets with me, refusing to let myself be fully roused from a solid nights sleep. "What the fuck," I muttered to myself, nearly mumbling the words out loud. 

With a pained squint of too much brightness far too suddenly, I looked at the screen and saw - jesus, had to be hundreds of notifications, at least. Which was weird enough; me getting messages from 100+ people? Not enough people like me for that to be a common occurrence. But weirder still was they all said the same exact thing, "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." Bitches, it's basically morning, I thought. But before I could move, let alone shake the cozy cocoon of blankets from my head to look out my window and see what could possibly be so damn beautiful, my phone buzzed again.

I practically jumped as it shocked my hand. There was a new message, but this one said something different, "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON." "What?" This time I actually did speak out loud. Frustration now fully replaced by curiosity and a racing heart, I kicked the blankets off and staggered down the hall to my roommates bedroom. 

"Mon?" I called, knocking on her closed door. Mon was short for Monica. We had only been roommates for a short time - me, in desperate need of a new apartment, and her, with a newly empty house gifted by her parents - but friends for about a year. There was no answer. I tried again, "Mon? You up?" I shivered, which was odd. Sure, I was dressed only in a long tee shirt but it had been spring for weeks now; it should have been enough to feel warm in this house. I heard a loud THUD and bang from inside Monica's room. "Monica? Are you okay?" When still there was no answer, I threw open the door.

There was Monica, hanging from the light fixture. Her heavy wooden desk stool lay toppled on the floor beneath her. "Oh my god!" I screamed, "Monica!" I raced to her feet, held them, grabbed the stool and placed them under her feet. But her body had gone extraordinarily limp in such a short time. Phone in hand, I called 911. Busy signal. What? How...I pulled the phone away from my ear, my other arm still wrapped around Monica's ice cold legs. The blaring sound seemed to fill the air as I tried to comprehend how this could be possible. All right, no problem, let's try again, I thought, swallowing hard and trying not to shake. Busy signal, again. What the hell could be happening, I thought, feeling the stirrings of real panic start to fill my body. 

There was a TV in Monica's room. I gingerly placed Monica's feet on the table, then ran to grab the remote sitting on her night table. I clicked, and my eyes were suddenly swimming in the bright colors and video of New Channel One. Almost instantly, I felt my knees buckle from under me. "Sources are reporting a sweep of suicides all over the nation," the newscaster was saying in a somber and serious tone. Her blood red lipstick matched her blazer as she went on, mouth uttering words that made me believe this all could only be a dream. "911 is overwhelmed with floods of calls. Police called to hundreds upon thousands of scenes of jumpers immediately shot themselves upon looking upward. No one is quite yet sure as to what the correlation might be-" 

I turned away from the tv, staring down at the phone in my hand. I looked over to Monica's desk and picked up her phone. She too, had hundreds of the "look outside" texts. But the one she didn't have - the warning not to look at the moon. 

My breath grew ragged, shallow, as I scrolled through her notifications and could not find a warning anywhere. And all I could think was: why me?'


I’m lying in a bed on a tuesday night.

And I’m having restless dreams.

And then I awake from a story where I’m rescuing a princess from a wheel of cheese. Because there’s a chainsaw on my nightstand.

A groggy hand reaches over and slaps it reluctantly. Is it morning...a alarm? Some long lost love looking for luscious life-experiences? But no… a text message. Is it my wife? Will she be late tonight?

“DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON”

So I make a curious eye sweep of the room. I pause at my window, where the forbidden object lies, and return my gaze in the opposite direction.

Nothing.

So, eyes squeezed shut, I walk over to the window. Just in case. I have a moment of panic when I trip on a errant pair of pants, but I right myself quickly. Then, in a fleeting, fluttering, futile gesture, I bravely bring down the blinds.

With that dangerous task complete, I sprint back to my bed, as if its covers will protect me from whatever has infested the sky.

Perhaps it’s just a joke, or the product of a overtaxed imagination. But somehow I know to be afraid.

Buzz.

Another a text? More instructions? Is there something else I’m not supposed to look at?

It’s from a old coworker. A good friend. 

“It’s a beautiful night tonight. Look outside.”

I peek out from beneath my blanket bastion. A windows shuttered and silent. A door, barely open, with a crooked mouth along its length, mocking me.

Should I close it? No. Too dangerous. So I close my eyes and whisper. 

“Just a dream. Just a dream. Just a dream.”


Buzz.

Another text message. Perhaps I shouldn’t…


“It’s a beautiful night tonight. Look outside.” from my best man.

Then a bing. A different app, I have so many.

“It’s a beautiful night tonight. Look outside.”

And then my phone begins to shake and chatter, with bings and chimes and whistles. Each one is like a stab in my stomach. What’s happening? What’s happening?

Then bit by bit, the phone sounds die out.

Then a new sound. A ringing. A bold, unique choice for a ringtone in this day and age, but I’ve always been a trend setter.

It’s my wife. Is she safe? Does she know what’s happening?

And before I can catch myself, I hit the answer button.

(Part 1? Sorry for a cliffhanger, it was getting long)

(r/StannisTheAmish)


######[](#dropcap)

It was one of those surreal moments that you only get to experience once in life.

Linda was working on the script for the next show when her phone began to buzz. Slowly at first, just a couple messages. Work friends, she thought. Thursday was always their night out for drinks, but she had been too busy tonight to join them. 

Then the buzzing became more rapid, until her phone began vibrating constantly on the bed. With a frown, she glanced at the messages that were popping up quickly, one after another. They were all from random numbers, all sending the exact same message. She scrolled through, just to make sure she wasn't missing something. 

"It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." 

A frisson of fear ran down her spine. After a minute, the messages slowed down. Then a singular message, different from the previous ones. 

"DO NOT LOOK OUT YOUR WINDOW." 

It was from her boyfriend, Jordan. Her mind reeled. This had to be some kind of joke. She'd been such a good girl. She never went to abandoned houses and never walked into creepy forests alone. She was always sure to lock her windows and doors at night. 

So with hesitant steps, she walked toward the dark curtain that was covering her window. Slowly, she reached out a hand and flicked off the lamp on her desk so that her room became pitch dark. It would help, at least, if whatever was out there couldn't see in. Then, she slowly slid open the curtain and peeked outside, expecting the worst. Perhaps a killer clown or a ghost.

She squinted. Was that...Jordan? 

Without hesitating, she ran toward her bedroom door, throwing it open, and dashed down the steps of her apartment until she was at the bottom. There, she watched as her boyfriend was desperately trying to bring down the small hot air balloon that he had somehow managed to raise a little ways from her window. 

He glanced down at her, then ducked into the basket. She simply stood there, waiting for him to get down. When the balloon came close enough, she saw the sign plastered to the front, and burst out into laughter. 

On the front of the balloon, in large bold, flowery lettering, were the words: 

LINDA, WILL YOU MARY ME? 

When the hot air balloon touched down, Jordan climbed out, his face bunched up. "I told them not to send the messages, but it was too late when I noticed the typo--I'm going to kill Erin by the way--and everyone has such quick reflexes-" 

Linda simply laughed and cut him off, throwing herself into his arms. "The answer's yes, in case you were wondering." 

Jordan froze for a moment before he hugged her tight, lifting her up and spinning her around in the air. Then, huffing and puffing, he set her down, breaking out in a large smile as he gazed her windswept hair and freckles. "Best girlfriend ever," he said softly. 

"Best fiancée ever," she corrected, and tilted his face so they could look at the moon together. "You have great timing, by the way. It's a full moon tonight." 

"I meant to do that," he said, and kissed her on the forehead. Then he pulled out his phone. 

"Mission success," he typed into the group chat, and ignored the kissy faces that flooded in. He would get revenge on Erin tomorrow, he vowed, his face dark. But at least, he thought, this would be a tale to tell the grandkids. 

***** 

r/AlannaWu


I didn't really know what to think of it. "Don't look at the moon"? Sure, no problem. Going back to sleep now. But then I saw my other notifications...99+? Ok, something is definitely up.

I tried to call my girlfriend, but I notice one of the texts I got was from her. "You really should go look at the moon, its amazing." I flip on the tele to see if there's any coverage on what the hell is going on but it just says its off the air. Flip to another channel, same thing. Ok, I'm starting to freak out about this point. Get my laptop, check out Reddit, everything on r/all is urging people to look at the moon. 

I try to call my parents, my sister, my friends, no answer from any of them. I'm sitting on the floor with my knees tucked under my chin, rocking slightly back and forth. There's a part of me that just wants to run outside and stare upwards, give in to the madness. Somehow I repress that urge. Then I notice something strange.

The window. It's twenty til 4 but the light coming in through the window is getting more intense. I watch the pale beams stream in, casting an eerie glow into the room. Moonlight doesn't look like that. Moonlight *can't* look like that. I closed my eyes real tight. I began to cry.

I waited. I sat there on the floor, crying like a child, hiding from the unnatural light under the covers. My blanket was thick, yet the cruel light kept peaking through the threads. I began to hyperventilate. The closeness of my breath under the blanket was hard to bear but I did not dare uncover myself for air. I tried to distract myself with my phone, checked for updates, tried to get a hold of anyone, but to no avail. Still the same messages over and over, tempting me. 'Just a couple of hours and the sun will come up. Then I'll be safe.' I thought to myself. 

2 hours later. Dawn had not come.

3 hours later. Dawn had not come.

I risked a small opening of the cover so I could look at the room. Not only had the light intensified, it now seemed to engulf my room in a maddening pale light. Presently I became aware of a constant humming. I listened to try and identify the source, but it was unlike anything I had heard before. Like the whir of some inhuman machinery. My mind began to race. I cried out for someone, *anyone* to come and save me, to end this nightmare. But no one came.

I lay there on my floor, in a state bordering madness for another 5 hours. After the 3rd hour I began to babble to myself. With every hour the whir seemed to get louder and closer, my room was now light up like a movie set. I maneuvered myself under the bed but the vile light had stolen the shadows from even there! 

Throughout the day the urge to uncover myself and run laughing and screaming into the streets grew stronger and I had to stop myself from jumping up at regular intervals. The whir was now being accompanied by a constant 'thrumming' which preyed my weakened sanity.  

I like to believe that I lasted longer than anyone else, in the end.

I began to beat my head against the floor, in an attempt to shut out the unceasing noise. Eventually I was slamming it so hard I believe I gave myself a concussion. 

I couldn't take it anymore. All at once I wriggled out from under the bed in my cocoon, threw the blankets off of me and darted out my door. I ran down the hallway where even *here* the light had spread itself, even in a place *with no windows*. Down the stairs and up to the front door, I nearly tore it off its hinges on my way out. 

Well it wasn't a moon.

The eyes are what gave it away.

Though they were right...it really was quite beautiful.


<If you actually read this whole thing, thank you. I don't write these at all but there was something about this one that got my brain flowing.>


I wake up to the sound of a familiar jingle coming from my phone. Groaning I turn over and turn it on. But then something grabs my interest, an official text, like the amber alerts you get sometimes, saying DO. NOT. LOOK.AT. THE. MOON. My screen then suddenly bursts up with hundreds of text messages saying the same thing, it’s a beautiful night tonight. Look outside.

I then see the time, 3:00 am. “Shit” I say, still half asleep, “ I have class at 7:30, ain’t nobody got time for trolls.” I then turn back over and have a wonderful nights rest and get to class just on time. 


But no one is there.


The whole neighbourhood was out in the streets staring skyward; dressed in robes and wrapped in blankets. The bright white light made them appear as stone sentinels against the snow. 
“Mummy, the moon is so big!”
My phone buzzed urgently in my hand. I set it on the nightstand facedown 
“Grab your jacket lily,” I wrapped my housecoat tight against me and zipped Lily into her parka. 
 The light was brilliant; almost fluorescent. It radiated off the snow like an aura. 
Lilly stood breathless on the driveway, her face wide with wonder. I wished i could always see her like this; so wonderful.
“It’s a beautiful night,” my neighbour commented with her children cradled to her breast. 
I nodded and looked skyward at the fantastic beacon against the night. It was moving, falling from the sky.
“ Mom, why are you crying?”
I wiped my eyes and held Lily’s shoulders tightly.
“It’s just so beautiful baby. I love you”.
All was calm as the bomb cracked on the horizon and spilled over; swallowing everything.


The silk curtains fluttered in the cold November winds, brushing ever so softly on Evelyn's shoulder. With its cool touch, Evelyn slept soundly. A distant owl cooed, the falling leaves danced in the night. As the darkness grew dense and empty, the moon burned bright in the sky. Not a single cloud in the sky, the beige red moon hung high bursting through the black sea. While Evelyn slept, her phone began to buzz, shining bright in her dark room. Vibrating against her nightstand, her phone buzzed and shone, soon the owl had ceased cooing. Evelyn turned over frustrated, freeing herself from her blanket cocoon. The cold air washed over her milky white skin sending goosebumps along her arms and back. Fumbling for her phone in the darkness, she grasped it tight and brought it with her under the cover of her blankets. Warm and cozy, Evelyn wiped the sleep from her eyes, letting out an enormous yawn. The phone began vibrating again, another post, then another, an another. Soon new posts were flooding her home screen. Instagram, facebook, and snapchat, all tagging Evelyn, messaging her. Atop all the social media posts, Evelyn noticed the SMS message from her girlfriend Samantha. In all caps, with no context read a message, "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON". Evelyn laid there confused, her mind still fuzzy from sleep. She peered her head out from the covers, he alarm clock in the corner of the room read 3:12AM, she had school in only a few hours. 

Retreating back under her covers, she sat there confused and angry. Racing thoughts began filling her head, all the other messages were saying how beatiful the full moon looked tonight, how big and bright it was. Yet, through all the messages, Samantha was the only one to tell her not to look. And in all caps, the scared Evelyn, why would Samantha say that. It began to worry her as her phone continued receiving dozens of messages at once. With an eerie sense of being overwhelmed, Evelyn dropped her phone off her bed, landing flat down on her carpet. Breathing a sigh of relief, Evelyn tried resting her eyes and drift back to sleep. While she tried sleeping, a nagging suspicion began building in her stomach. She couldn't shake the weirdness she felt with the messages. Why was everyone messaging her about the moon? why did Samantha say not to look?. While the thoughts continued to race, Evelyn peered out from her covers looking towards the window. Through the darkness was a dull light, a light high in the sky that could only be coming from one place. While the nagging feeling in her gut, Evelyn swallowed her fears and buried herself under the covers. Something didn't seem right, she wouldn't look.

While her mind continued to wander, feint footsteps began creeping up the stairs. Living in an old house had it issues, one of them being creaky floor boards. Evelyn figured it was her mother going to bed for the night, she always stayed up late watching nature documentaries. Unable to sleep, Evelyn once again emerged from her cocoon of blankets and looked towards the door. The hall light switched on, illuminating under door. Who ever it was stood beyond her door. As the door knob turned ever so slightly, Evelyn contemplated being asleep, she felt hot and nervous. With a thin push, the door swung open. Blocking the hall light like an eclipse, her mother stood motionless. Evelyn laid with her blankets pulled up towards her nose. She called out to her mother, asking if she was alright. Unable to see her face through the darkness, her mothers head twisted sharply to the right.

Evelyn's stomach dropped, the room seemed to go completely silent. Her neck made a nauseating cracking sound, Evelyn cried out in disgust. Still, her mother said nothing, she took a faint step forward. Tears were bubbling in Evelyn' eyes as her mother walked towards the bed with her head at a right angle. She stood over her, looking at her sideways. Her mouth groaned open, letting out a foul smell that took Evelyn back. Her mother let out in a raspy, sinister voice to get up. Evelyn rose slowly, without saying anything her mother pointed towards the window. The window where a dull light was burning bright in the sky. Evelyn chocked and sniffled, her mother disfigured and cold stood pointing. Peering through the window, Evelyn noticed her calm neighborhood, a place she was quiet fond of. And through the darkness, shapes began to form. Soon she was able to recognize groups of people huddled around one another, staring up at the sky. The only thing visible in the sky tonight was the large full moon. With its blotchy dark spots and cool whites of orange, Evelyn took it in sharply. 

Her eyes burned, her skin went cold. As the consciousness left her body, Evelyn dropped limp to the floor with a crash. Her mother, grabbed her and dragged her outside. Awaking later which felt like an entirety for her, she was transfixed upon the moon. Her eyes peeled wide, her mouth agape. She couldn't stop staring. As the moon burned brightly, the orange hues began pulsating, growing larger. As the crowd of wide eyed, gaped mouth onlookers watched in awe, an arching beam of light shot out from the moon. The crowd reacted with shock and awe. A meteor began burning bright, heading down towards earth. The flaming objected reflected brightly in the onlookers eyes and the cold night swept on. Unable to move or think, they continued to stare. The goosebumps grew larger on Evelyns arms, her lips blue, teeth chattering. Through her fog, a voice pierced through her and everyone in the crowd. Samatha cried out for Evelyn down the block. Like a switch, the crows diverted their attention to Samantha. She stood under a lone street lamp. The crowds heads began turning to the right, an orchestra of cracking, Evelyns neck snapped easily. As Samantha cried out in horror. The meteor crashed in a field yards away, the night lighting up in a fiery orange explosion. The crowd didn't flinch, Samantha turned to run as a thunderous animal roar bellowed from within the crash. The crowd dropped limp to the ground. Evelyn' blank stare fixed on Samantha darting back into the darkness as the ground had a violent tremor as the being grew closer.


**3:00 AM**

*bzzz*

I groaned awake as my vibrating phone buzzed on the bedside table. I reached out from under the sheets and looked at the notification. It was a text message.    
>OFFICIAL WARNING: Do not look at the moon. THIS IS NOT A DRILL    


"What the hell?" I whispered. Who needs a warning at 3 AM to not look at the moon on a new moon night? Astronomers and space geeks probably. I put my phone back and closed my eyes. It's probably a prank or something. Nothing I need to lose sleep about, I got college tomorrow anyway. I dozed off...

**3:13 AM**    

*bzzz*    
*bzzz*    
*bzzbzzbzzzZZZ*    

I woke up with a start. This was getting annoying. I reached out to my phone and turned the screen on again. I looked at the lock screen.

>78 New Messages


The phone buzzed again.

>79 New Messages


>83 New Messages


I swiped the screen and scrolled through the messages. I didn't know any of these numbers. I scrolled until I came across a familiar contact.    
>JASON L.    


My roommate, the stupid one. Why'd he text me when he could've just woken me up? I clicked on the message.
>Come outside! The moon is so beautiful tonight! 🌜😍    


I looked at the other messages, they were similar.
What's with this moon thing tonight? I got up and walked to his room. I opened the door.

The windows were open and white moonlight was spilling through the gap in the curtains onto his floor. The room was a mess. The lamp was knocked on the floor. There were books, and papers lying everywhere. A broken mirror lay on the floor. Jason was nowhere to be found.  Did someone break in? Did Jason fight him? It certainly looked like a fight had happened. As walked in, my foot pushed something. His phone. I picked it up and scrolled through his messages. He'd received the same warning as me, only a bit later. There were also many messages similar to mine telling him to look outside. I looked at his sent messages. He'd sent the same message to all his contacts and other random numbers.    
Fuck this. I wanna know what the whole moon thing is about. I stepped towards the window to take a look when someone pulled me back by the shoulder. "No! Don't look!" a voice said. I fell down on the floor. I looked up and saw my other roommate, Mark. He was holding an umbrella and his face was covered in sweat.     
"Ow shit Mark. What was that for?"     
"You would've gone too."
"Gone too? What are you talking about?"     
"Didn't you get the warnings?"    
"The one from the government or someone?"
"Yeah."
"Okay okay. What the actual fuck is going on, Mark?"
"Look at this." Mark said, pulling out a selfie stick from his pocket and extending it. He put his phone in, but kept the back camera on. We walked to the window and he started a video recording. He pushed the stick through the gap in the curtains and moved it around, pointing the stick up and down and across. He pulled it back.    
"Look " said Mark, starting the video.    
It was unlike anything I could've imagined, the moon was huge. As the camera moved below, there was a group of about thirty people in the distance. They were standing on the street looking into houses. Then the video ended.    
"What are they doing?" I asked Jason.    
"They're dragging people out to see the moon" Mark said.    
"What happens if you look at the moon?"    
"You become one of them. It's like some kind of mind control. I guess"    
"Is that what happened to Jason?"    
"Yes." Mark said. "We have to get out. I'm grabbing your keys. Come on." He got up. "Get an umbrella. You don't want to accidentally look up and see the moon, do you?"    
I went to my room and grabbed my umbrella and put on a hoodie. You can't be too careful.
Mark was waiting near the door. We stepped outside and opened our umbrellas. Mark opened the garage. Looking up the street I didn't see anyone coming. Someone screamed in the distance.    
"Come on!" Mark said, as he got in the car. I climbed in the driver's seat. Another scream. This one sounded close.    
My hands starting to shake, I turned the ignition on. The engine roared to life. My music system began blaring. "Turn that thing off!" Mark said. "Okay okay!" I said, turning the volume all the way down. Then we heard something else.     
It was a loud screech of at least fifty people screaming. It was getting closer. "Fuck fuck fuck!" I pushed down on the accelerator and we drove out the garage. In the rear view mirror I saw a massive crowd of people running towards us from behind our house. Another group across the street in front of us, I swerved to avoid them when a rock crashes through the window and hit Mark. "Shit!" he said as shards of glass fell on his lap. The crowd continued chasing us and getting smaller in the mirror until they stopped and turned back. We sighed in relief. "Where do we go?" I asked. "Away from here" Mark said. Nodding, I turned us towards the national highway, speeding faster. There were a few cars on the road. I pushed down on the accelerator, speeding up when a someone jumped in front of our car and we crashed into him. The sound was horrible. We stopped and walked out under Mark's Umbrella. In front of us, an old man lay on the road, he was bleeding, but still breathing. "We gotta help him." Mark said. "What if he's one of them?" I said. "He's dying! He's not gonna attack us." Mark said, putting his umbrella down. He bent down to pick him up when the man's eyes opened. His iris was pale gray. He grabbed Mark and pulled him down and kicked out with his leg, kicking the umbrella away. "Isn't she beautiful tonight!?" The man cried. He rolled over with Mark on the ground. I ran towards them. The man kicked out and tripped me. As I got up I heard Mark scream. It was a terrible sound. I looked to him and saw him, staring at the moon, his iris turning from brown to pale gray.    
"She's the most beautiful thing I ever saw." Mark said. I backed towards the car. "Mark, wake up! This is not you" I said, standing near the door. Mark got up. "This is me, the same me I've always been. Won't you look at the moon tonight? It's the most beautiful thing *ever*" Mark said, almost growling the last word. The man joined him, and they both charged towards me. 
I got in the car and shut the door as the man charged on my side, banging on the window as I turned on the ignition. Mark charged on the passenger side and tried to force himself into the car. He was screaming and growling. I put my foot down on the accelerator and drove as fast as I could. Mark still held on. I swerved the car and punched him in the face. He lost his grip and fell off as I drove off. 


It's been a week since it happened. The next morning I ran low on fuel in a nearby town. The town was empty save for a few people. I drove to a gas pump. A man sat near a pump. "Take whatever you want. It's free." He said. "Did it happen here too? The moon?" I said. "Yes." The man said. "Where did everyone go?" I asked. "The man looked at me "The moon took them away" he whispered. "What?" "Took them all up in a big beam of light right in the woods. Everyone who'd looked at it".
I couldn't say a word.     I filled my car and drove back home.



--
This is my first writing prompt response. Any feedback or criticism will be appreciated.


Sweat decorated my face, my hands twitched, my personal signs of panic. I gripped my phone on one hand and on the other my bed sheets. A deafening silence filled my bed room. 

"What the fuck?" I murmured to myself. I rose up to a sitting position, used the now dirty bed sheet to clean my face. "Sarah?" I called out to my wife. Only silence answered my question. I ripped the sheets from my form and lunged out of bed.

"Sarah!" I screamed. I ran out the bedroom, down the hall, and entered the living room. "Sarah?!" I yelled out once more. My eyes glanced about the room, scoutted the kitchen, peer to the old leathery couch but found nothing. 

I fox walked in darkness using the surface floor to fix my location. "Sarah" I called out gently. 

I clenched my eyes shut and attempted to steady my breath. 

In and out.

In and out.

In and out.

The back yard. She has to be there, no? I gathered whatever wits I had, which wasn't much to begin with and slowly walked to the other side of the room. Pale white blinds decorated the door in front of me. I swallowed empty dread that filled my mouth.



I gently pull open the door.




Sarah stood outside, standing on the soft green grass. Her back faced me. She stood still and was currently looking at the sky. 

I walked forward. "Sarah, you're scaring me" i softly whispered.

No answered came from her.

"Sarah, what the fuck are you looking-"

Words left my mouth. My hands shook and my breathing quickened. 





The moon floated above. Far bigger then it should have. Markings scarred it's surface like crude cross hatched shading. The lines grew and within the crevasses poured out blood. I was paralyzed. I couldn't look away. Not when the blood finished covering it. Not when the latitudes and longitudes pulled away from the center and revealed what was hidden inside. A humanoid beast. Its skin paled skin matched that of the moon. It's arms pulled away from its legs and oriented itself upwards. Its face simply consisted of 7 eyes. The remains of the moon orbit around the beast. Faster and faster they moved, until they were blur. The beast opened its eyes and the pieces began to glow.  Spears, they began to distort and change and took the forms of glowing spears.

Millions of miles away from Earth. Threw the empty void of space. The shafts of light flew.

Each Longinus struck true and with  the impact millions of people were turned to their basic components. Primordial soup poured into valleys, flowed into rivers, flooded homes. Their souls however stayed where they once stood, whirled and moved and solidified into perfect red spheres. 

The spheres shot up towards the sky and stopped once the swarm overlooked the Earth.

That day humanity vanished and the beast that screamed from the center of its egg feasted.


***

I'm very sorry for any errors. English is not my first language and past brain trauma certainly doesn't help.

Also I typed this out on my phone. So yeah. I would greatly appreciate any criticism.


First the texts. Then the MMS images. Then every insta, fb post, live stream, Reddit post, tweet. Every inbox at 0% capacity as it was all FWD FWD FWD FWD : MOON all the time. 

After a few days we realized the vast majority of Internet traffic was solely automated spambots. Everybody else was outside looking at the moon, or sleeping all day wherever they last witnessed the moon.. 

Tritanopia is a form of color blindness that reduces the blue/yellow/green portion of the spectrum. 

Us lucky one in ten thousand were unphased by the moon... Get it? Moon puns. 

For reference,
1:10,000 expands to 
100,000:1,000,000,000

And there's seven some billion people total, so you'd think seven hundred thousand people would be able to coordinate.

But then you have to look at population densities, distributive models of where tritanopia can be found, how difficult it is to travel when almost everyone is standing in the middle of the road to quietly worship the moon. 

Imagine being at a festival with a target audience of docile septuagenarians. You don't like the grateful dead, don't get why
everyone is fixated, just want the whole thing to end. You try making a call on your phone but it just plays Phish songs  That's how it felt. 

It's like not being a hockey fan in Canada. 

So. 700,000 functioning humans remaining. All ages. All ability levels. The vast majority lacking applicable skills or the psychological tenacity required to face this world.  I was only 12 when it happened, just on the cusp of being forged by the new world yet with fond memories of the old ways.

Most animals that could look up and had some visual acuity also became enraptured. I wanted to help the animals but I didn't know how. 

My first two days I tried to go about my routine as normal. Except there was no more no normal routine. No supply lines, no infrastructure, no social contract. Ran into a lot of lunatic strangers that got a start on the hoarding and mad max fashion early. My family had a close personal bond with either the moon or stolen wholesale liquor, depending on sight abilities. 

A tritanopia support myphp forum briefly assembled IRL and tried to stage a coup of world power, but taking over the white house and the UN when there really isn't anyone to enforce your will doesn't matter much. Nobody to answer the phone for the nuclear launch codes, nobody to pop in the 8.5" floppy disks to get the nukes into the sky. Infighting led to the fast dissolution of that group, especially when the yahoo group insurrectionists gained traction. 

The moonies just stopped participating. Beat them up, bash them to death in the streets, run them over. No resistance. Just single most minded dedication to the moon. A sadist's mcplayland. 

They didn't eat or drink but they didn't die of exposure or dehydration. After a while their skin became ashy during the day.  They went from monosyllabic grunts to utter silence.

A bit later, some of them grew wings or horns or scales . Some grew hair and became funky werewolf-gargoyle things. 

The transformed congregation moved in packs but continued to stare at the moon. They'd only respond if provoked but you'd be dead before you realized you had provoked them. 

Then came the Sound Eternal. Somewhere between Gregorian chanting, Cthulhu summoning , and Tibetan throat singing. Constant, from sun down to sun up. From the beasts, from the people. 

It was declared cured five or six times. Half of those just lies from crumbling provisional government. The other half lacked real testing or distribution standards. Giving injections to hoards of swaying gnarly mutants that may lead to heads exploding one way or another wasn't going to work out 

And so modified aerial viruses delivered via crop dusters, foggers, modified tear gas canisters, anything that could contain the smoke. 

 They all cocooned out for a bit after the dusting misused some lies masquerading as legitimate research.

I saw the aftermath and heard the confessions but I can't tell you in great detail how that all went down. Too busy rhen with the fight for survival, a sixteen year old keeping a nuclear reactor running on a submarine turned makeshift unethical medical experimentation laboratory.

The less said, the better. Dark time for submarines. 

Most Moonies came out of chrysalis fit as a fiddle, back to full health, lost all the medieval art features. 

Lived a mockery of their old routines, spring in their step. Go into the abandoned office to push pieces of paper around and tap keys on unpowered terminals. Then every night, back to the moon gazing. 

You were probably born during this time period. Probably not the most rational decision that could've been made, but after surviving weregargoyles the social fabric didn't have much space for rationality. 

They'd peruse ransacked grocery stores, exchange idle  moon-themed pleasantries with each other. Morning jog through fields of corpses, oblivious. Flip.through the same old magazine until it disintergrated. Barbers and janitors would go to rubble that used to be their workplace and sweep with purposelessness . Tradesmen could sort of resume their jobs, more or less,  but only served their own kind. After a few months, they used noise singing to gather a crowd and coordinate at a task, building ungodly architecture overnight or sacrificing a hundred mile long line of people to send an electrical signal from one necropolis to the next. 

They'd all look at us and they would know. They would say "better not look at the moon" in the same deadpan attempt of reverse psychology.  I'd reply "What a beautiful night out" while bug eyed stating at their moon. And sing about the moon hitting my eye like a big pizza pie. They just didn't understand thar moon magic wouldn't work on my snarky 19 year old deficient peepers. I had fallen into a bad crowd of pharmaceutic redistributors.

I'lll admit I developed a bit of a moon dust habit.The dust made their late 20th century satire of mid 20th century values schtick a little more tolerable. What else is there to do during the longest flash mob installation art piece? Swap rumors and lies about how places beyond the horizon were getting by?

Someone - nobody knows which side - invented glasses that compensated for the color blindness, let the impure finally join the teeming masses. That caught on big once we realized us last few unchanged had successfully flushed all chance of rebuilding or becoming something other than marauder junkies. I was around 22 at the time and in middle of trying to preserve priceless irreplaceable cultural artifacts from the Smithsonian, mostly by defending an adjacent outpost and running a little mercantile ammo shop on the side. Missed out on the suicide sunglasses phase. Gave away the only pair I stumbled across in the ruins to a real go-getter errand runner. 

Then, next phase began and their molting started. Human skin left lying around everywhere, giant insectoid snakemen picking fights, the usual. Moondust purity went way down, market nearly tanked. By then I had a cybernetic arm and a laser eye. I spent most of my time in pipes, guarding various keys and providing clues to riddles. 

I betrayed everyone that trusted me at every turn and regret nothing. I had once decided to live like a forgettable side quest NPC in a sub-par video game series. But when the laser eye was installed, I could see the full beauty of the moon in all spectrums, even those invisible to the limited human eye.

Didn't take long to round up the remaining twenty thousand some for free laser eye replacement. There's some logistics, sure, but you concentrate everyone into  camps, chop off some limbs, erase the notion of free will or anything but service to the moon.

Turns out the moon does not mind if you scoop out significant portions of the prefrontal lobe before conversion. The question is will you be complacent enough to realize your higher calling or are you going to be another meat log for the stumpy field? 

Either way, the implants will a little itch bit at first. Hopefully this bit of storytelling has enlightened you. Now, please, let us experience the moon together now.


Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7i53fr/reaper_part_2/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7iavci/reaper_part_3/) | [Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7iokx3/reaper_part_4/)

---

I wouldn’t call it a war. Extermination maybe. Though I’d more aptly describe it as a harvest. By the time they reached our world and penetrated the stratosphere, people sought them out in droves to be harvested. Of course, they knew what that actually meant. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been so eager.

Ten years before the *Angels* descended from the sky, they had already sent what some referred to as divine retribution: a virus. Though this virus in particular only targeted women. It spread faster than a wildfire and had a 100% mortality rate. Worse yet, it was completely undetectable. In our desperation, we became animals. We locked our wives, daughters, and mothers deep underground under the constant shine of UV radiation and still they got infected. Within five years, the last woman had died leaving the rest of humanity to slowly die with her.

By the time they arrived, we welcomed them with open arms into every one of our major cities. Most bowed their heads and practically begged to be killed. Some fought against them. These were the ones that still remembered the pain of watching their daughters, wives, and mothers die. They couldn’t hope to survive, but at least they could enact their own version of divine retribution.

Looking back at it now, I know that the *Angels* planned for them. They wanted us to retaliate. Otherwise, where would be the fun? Men charged at them by the millions. Some to die. Some to kill. To the *Angels*, it was all the same.

Until we killed the first one.

Back when I used to write, I always made sure to name my hero something memorable. If not a strange name, then certainly a strange title. Evan the Incorruptible. Matthew the Harbinger. But in real life, heroes rarely have titles, some don’t even have names. That was the case for humanity’s last hero because nobody knew who he was.

We had only stories. The stories ranged from fantastical to downright fiction, but they always ended the same. We had killed one. The *Angels* must’ve been as skeptical as we were because they refused to change their tactics. They kept all our major cities and welcomed anyone to try and take it back.

By the fifth dead *Angel*, they learned of their miscalculation. Soon, we learned of it as well. Human beings shared mana and with it, we could do wondrous or terrible things. Magic no longer belonged to the realm of fiction. The elements bent to our will. Lightning struck where we pointed, tornados formed where we stood, the ground swallowed up entire cities as we willed it.

Suddenly, men stopped volunteering to be harvested. With their newfound power, they decided to fight back, even if victory had already been stolen from us. They had turned us into animals and then backed us into a corner. Foolish.

And that was good enough for us. Looking back, I wonder if we were as foolish as the *Angels*. We, who were content with dying in our little blazes of glory, having accomplished nothing but thinning their ranks by just a bit. It was selfish, but what is there to expect from men who had nothing else to live for?

None of us had the vision you had. The vision you have.

---

---

Tyler put the pen down, staring at the word *you*. He wondered if his letter would ever find its way to this certain *you*. While humanity had become animals, one man had gone even further. He had been called a monster by both *Angel* and man. Nobody knew which side he fought for, only that he killed both indiscriminately.

If Tyler were to write his story, he wouldn’t know whether to make this man the villain or the hero. Oh how he wished he could’ve written this story, but the only way this story continued was if he died. Beside his letter and pen, sitting at the edge of his wooden table was a silver revolver. The single lightbulb above him glinted off its barrel.

A small grin spread across Tyler’s face. He grabbed the gun, its metal like ice, and pressed it to his temple. Enough humans had died where he could stop the bullet with only his thoughts. The bullet couldn’t even hurt him unless he wanted it to. But he did. For the sake of humanity, he needed the bullet to kill him.

With his free hand, he picked the pen back up.

---

---

As the last storyteller on Earth, I bestow you the title of Reaper. A monster. A villain. Our last hero.

Go forth, Reaper, my death as an offering. With my passing, there will be only four humans left. I have already contacted two of them and they will die with me. The last I’m sure you will easily find as your powers will have increased two-fold. By then, your mind will stretch the globe, perhaps even the stars. And when you become the last human alive, I cannot even fathom how powerful you will be.

Show our *Angels* how fragile they are in the face of a god.

---

---

Tyler pulled the trigger.

---

/r/jraywang

---

Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7i53fr/reaper_part_2/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7iavci/reaper_part_3/) | [Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/7iokx3/reaper_part_4/)


[**Part 2**](https://www.reddit.com/r/shoringupfragments/comments/7nlhae/the_blood_of_angry_men_part_2/)
***
***The Blood of Angry Men***

**Part 1**


All us helpless billions watch on our little glowing rectangles as the human race dies in droves. They fall screaming, choking, burning. The internet’s bad in the house, so me and my brother and sisters hunker on the steps of the chicken coop to see it.

Together we watch the end of the world. Our breath clouds and storms around us. But we do not notice the cold. Our hearts and bones are lead.

My siblings don’t make a sound. I look between the three of them and the black, faultless sky. I wonder if the afterlife looks like night, or if just looks like nothing. I wonder if I’ll find out soon.

Somewhere far away, death shrieks scarlet overhead. Ships with roving eyes swarm the sky like an army of locusts. Bodies, whole and unwhole, strewn out one atop the other, abandoned where they fell. Entire skyscrapers collapse like dominoes. News anchors weep, openly, if they’re on the air at all. My sister flicks restlessly through live streams, unable to pick which tragedy to behold.

We crowd my oldest sister’s phone, barely able to watch yet unable to look away.

She stops at the live press conference from the president. His voice is grave and hollow; he speaks to us from a dark room in some bunker somewhere. He says, “—at this point we have little hope. We will defend ourselves to the end, but tonight, please, stay inside, stay with your loved ones—”

My brother Aaron has his head between his knees. When we were kids he ran screaming after the cougar that took his puppy. (Aaron didn't catch it.) I never believed fear was an emotion he had. “Turn that shit off,” he gasps.

“Ignoring the aliens invading our fucking planet won’t make them go away,” Maya snaps but she switches to Facebook. Not that any of her friends would have time to post *oh shit I’m dying*, anyway.

Out here, under the unblinking stars, surrounded by a chorus of crickets and coyote, I can’t fathom what waits out there.

“Someone has to tell Papa,” Jackie murmurs. She is my twin, but you can’t tell. People always seem disappointed that there’s such a thing as non-identical twin sisters.

“You’ll just scare him.” Maya, the oldest, has always been the unofficial boss of all of us. She made it official when Dad started mistaking her for our mother and trying to scramble uncracked eggs. 

“He deserves to know,” she insists.

“If they come here,” Maya says through her teeth, “we’re not getting a panicked old man into the truck without hurting someone, alright?” Her words hang frozen for a moment.

“Do you think they’ll come out here?” I whisper. I am the youngest by eight minutes, and I am good at the part. 

“No,” says Jackie, quickly. “We’re in the middle of nowhere.”

Aaron pulls his beanie over his eyes. “I wouldn’t rule it out, Jack.”

Maya gasps into her fingers. “Oh, god, they’re in Spokane.”

Bile shoots up my throat. That’s barely a hundred miles from here. Not even a particularly large city. I wonder if they’re hunting us one by one. Like rabbits.

“Shit, is that Maddie’s—?” Aaron snatches the phone from her hands. 

I lean over his shoulder to see. 

My sister’s friend has pressed her phone lens to the window of her dorm room. In the background, she speaks in rapid, panicked whispers with her roommate.

Outside her window mortars plummet in blue and yellow streaks, big as bowling balls. I hear her cry, “Are they bombing us?” as the first one connects. It blooms soundlessly, a pale yellow locus, and then the power of it explodes outward. 

It takes Maddie maybe six seconds to die. She has enough time to say, “I need to call my mom,” as the wall of smoke and debris rushes toward her like a sulfurous tsunami. The window shatters. The video goes black.

I don’t even realize what I’ve seen until Maya starts bawling into her hands.

A strange fire tingles in my palms, my belly. I feel the urge to move. To rise and fight.

“We have to do *something*,” I say.

Aaron looks at me like I’m an idiot. “Like what?”

My fingers dance against the leg of my jeans. I know I should be scared as hell, but something in me is restless. Hungry for something very old, and long-forgotten.

I stand up and face my siblings. I look them over carefully, in case this is the last time I see them. “We will not just watch.” I point at the house. “We won’t just let them kill everything and everyone and just stand here and *watch*.”

Just south of us, down beyond the hide of the mountain, the sky turns red with fire.

Tears stream down my brother’s cheeks. “I can’t believe this is fucking it.”

I shake my head, insistently. Insanely. I don’t know why, but I can’t accept that this *is* it. That this is truly how we fall. 

I ball my fists up at my sides. A furious heat snaps at the bars of my ribs, yearning to set on those who dared attack our home, of all places. Our dad, of all people. 

I let the hate and heat fill me. 

Flame chases down my forearm, over my knuckles. The white hot of anger. My fist is a coal and my flesh is carved from the mountain, and I will destroy anything that threatens the ones I love.

“Avis,” my brother says, oddly calm, "why is your hand glowing?"

I look at my palm and grin. The fire finds my belly now. The chaos delights some new-awoken part of me that I had never known I possessed. It is like catching my reflection in an angle I have never seen before. I am myself, but different.

“I think...” I laugh, despite the clouds of smoke rising from town. It rises out of me like a bird. I have never felt smaller or stronger. “I think I did it on purpose.”

***


Maya drives me because she won't let me leave by myself. Aaron stays back with Dad, probably to watch DVR'd game shows with him and pretend everything is fine. Jackie lies in the backseat and lets out this low, constant groan of pure horror until Maya shrieks at her to shut up.

The truck flies down the mountain, towards the billowing columns of ash and fire. I stare at my palms, which well with blue fire like water. It licks down my hands and pools on the floor mats, where it vanishes like steam.

"Can you put that out or something? It's freaky."

"I don't know if I can get it back," I say, truthfully. "I don't even know why it's happening."

"Goddamn alien radiation," my sister mutters under her breath, like she has any real clue what's going on. "That's the only thing that makes sense."

Maya takes the corner by the Hendersons' farm too fast. The tires skid and shriek but just manage to cling onto the road. We keep going.

"I think we have to stop hoping for things to make sense," I murmur.

We are silent for the rest of the drive down the mountain. The burning thing in me paces like a fox. I want to feed it flesh and bone. If the aliens are even like us. If they're just a little fire of a soul trapped in a suit of meat.

But the more we drive the stronger I feel. The hotter the fire in me.

When we make it to the base of the mountain, a row of fire trucks from the reservation streaks past us on the freeway, sirens blaring. I want to tell them to turn around, that they should be getting people out who still have time to run, not throwing themselves into the chaos like a sacrifice. Like we're going to do.

Beyond the lake, the city is flames. The lakeside resort burns, a stalwart skeleton. Even the boats are burning. Rotten orange clouds choke the sky. Ships weave in and out of the gloom, dropping bright streaking bombs that fall glittering like jewels. 

For a moment we just sit, truck running, staring.

"They won't find us at home," Jackie says.

"There won't be a home anymore if they burn the damn forest down." I scowl out the windshield. "It's okay. I can walk from here."

Maya shakes her head. "It's five miles at least, Av."

"It's a good night for a walk."

My sister presses her forehead against the steering wheel and breathes hard through her nose. Then she turns on her turn signal--that's what kind of person my sister Maya is; she uses her turn signal even during intergalactic genocide--and heads after the firetrucks. Toward town.

"I love you," she says without looking at me. "But I'm gonna be real pissed if you get us killed."
***
/r/shoringupfragments

##[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shoringupfragments/comments/7nlhae/the_blood_of_angry_men_part_2/)


I awoke in the night, the distant sounds of screams altogether too familiar. It didn't sound isolated - they must have found a safe-haven. Hundreds would be massacred. It was just like I said; don't bunch together. Don't rely on each other for support. Survival is all about laying low, keeping quiet and hoping that luck was on your side. 

I'd been having a strange dream. It wasn't a nightmare, which was rare already; it was more of a premonition. I'd felt a burning sensation in my hand, as if there were energy coursing through it. The feeling still stuck with me, and I focused on it to try drown out the screams.

********

There were more of them now; towering beasts, eldritch monstrosities. We'd imagined aliens as these advanced beings, visiting us with technology that we could not even comprehend, bestowing knowledge and gifts. But no.

They were unimaginable nightmares, drifting in through space, landing on our forsaken planet and hunting us mercilessly. Our combined efforts only took down a few, and the ensuing nuclear winter only made things worse. And now they hunt us down without rest. It doesn't seem to be for sustenance - they ignore other animals, though they will harm them if it is in their way. No; it feels like eradication. And more come every day. 

But the the dreams won't go away. What little sleep I have is filled with feelings of flame and fury; of ominous premonition, of terrifying power. I feel that energy more and more. I suspect that I am going mad, but I'd rather be mad than dead. And judging by my travels, it seems that I am one of the few left with the privilege of choice. 

Sleep comes to me eventually, the incessant chittering of the aliens filtering through my dreams of intrigue, of primal power.

*****

I awoke to a sound of crashing, of beastly lumbering. 

*I've been found.*

I sprinted from my lair, a crumbling ruin, just as a jagged tentacle pierced through the foundations. Rubble collapsed around me as I leapt through a window, landing on the floor below in a clumsy roll. There was no time to think about the pain - only escape. 

I ran as fast as I could, praying that it was only one, praying that it could not keep up. There were many different forms of alien, and most of the massive ones were slow in the city. They could run at least as fast as a man, but the buildings and ruins proved ample obstacles. With a bit of luck, I could survive this. I had done so before.

A sudden crash to my right sent glass flying just ahead of me. An arthropod the size of a large dog landed in front of me, its razor-sharp legs digging into the floor. There was no chance of running from it. But if I climbed the building to avoid it, my pursuer would destroy it as if it was a cardboard box. I had two choices, but either led to death. 

My right hand burned, a sharp red glow emitting from my palm. It felt like trapped electricity. Like every bit of primal power focused into a single thought.

A choice:

Shall I **fight**, or **flee**?

****

[Part II](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/comments/7i4fn8/wp_resurge_ii/) | [Part III](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/comments/7i4p1p/wp_resurgence_iii/) | [Part IV (new)](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/comments/7i65tc/wp_resurgence_iv/)

It's a 'Choose Your Own Adventure' story! Vote on whichever choice you like best, and I hope I won't disappoint :)

/r/CroatianSpy


First contact was made almost ten years ago. They seemed well versed in warfare, in less than a day there wasn't a satellite left in the sky or a cable under the sea. Communication between nations fell to old ground bounce long range radios pulled out of mothballs. Conventional weapons proved to be ineffective and the nuclear option didn't fare much better. Eventually even the old analog radios where jammed. Steadily they started to wipe us out. Great mechanized beasts roamed the land, directed energy weapons reduced any caught in there sight to ash. 

Slowly word began to spread of old legends come to light. Wizards, witches even warlocks making pacts with demons to gain power. Men and women alike where seen calling fourth searing bolts of lighting from the sky. Ripping the ground open to devour and crush any of the aliens creations that wandered to close to the last bastions of humanity. Liquefying the great metal monsters with conjured fire. Even death was no relief to our fallen comrades as the necromancers raised forth gargantuan armies of the dead. Crushing the invaders with the sheer mass of rotting meat and gleaming bone. As our species continued to fight for our existence more of the things that go bump in the night started coming to light.

At first they appeared to be fellow humans but it soon became clear that was not the case. The first were the Werewolves, nigh unkillable but by blessed silver. Transforming into great beasts they used claws and teeth to rend through armor only magic could penetrate. These furry juggernauts relied on humans not for food as in the old tales but as breeding stock. As we continued to dwindle in number they could no longer stalk the shadows. Though small in numbers they made up for it in shear brutality. Soon all of the others concealed in the shadows made themselves known. The vampires where less well received than the wolves but in the end they needed us. Becoming a donor for one elevated ones physically abilities for a time. Though to somes disappointment, crosses, sunlight and garlic did not faze them.

The Fae became another ally though much less trustful, one had to be cautious when speaking with them. Never make an open ended bargain with one, it never ends in your favor. Whatever the invaders mechanized army consisted of it was not iron and they seemed to take much glee in the wanton destruction they could wield. Many hopped the elves and dwarves of some fairy tales would come to be but to this day none have materialized. Though the dragons made there presence known they more are focused on what little territory they still held and if you happen to occupy it you have one hell of a home security system. Rumblings of the old gods walking among man once more have been heard but not verified. 

As of now hope has yet to completely die for humanity and its newly rediscovered allies. While the dragons and invaders still rule the skies we have done much to retake the land. The current status of humanity as a whole is still not truly known, while magic is useful as a weapons it does not give it self over willingly to be used to pass missives. Communication over the oceans and across continents is still a slow process and we are just starting to retake the seas. 

-Field Commander, 3rd Magus Division, Capt Jasper D. Wulf


"Hang on, so there's some fixed amount of power and it's divided equally among all humans?"

"Yep."

"And you, a strange alien creature, have culled the human population in order to increase the power granted to any one individual?"

"Exactly. Do you want to try out your new powers?"

"I've a few questions first actually -- as a more advanced intelligence you're certainly aware of evolution, of the fact that all life forms here on earth share a common ancestor, of the fact that distinct species arise by a process of natural selection, where only those which adapt best to their environment survive?"

"Go on..."

"And you're telling me that the human species possess some special access to magical powers, with the magnitude of each individual's access _depending explicitly on the number of other alive humans_?

"Yeah. Is there a problem?"

"You bet there's a problem. What we call human life is unavoidably arbitrary. If we draw up the family tree showing the ancestry of all humans, at some point we make it back to some gross slime that definitely isn't human, and so at some point between today and whenever the slime was around we need to choose some generation and say 'Ok, after this we're human'. Maybe before we were neanderthal, or what have you, but neanderthal is just a label we made up too, every species is. You're telling me that whether or not an organism is labeled human actually has (1) some effect on the organism, and, worse, (2) some effect on every other organism we call human. But as I've argued, these labels are completely arbitrary."

"You know you can fly now? Don't you want to try that out?"

"We even have a maximally human organism, against which all other organisms are compared to test their human-ness? It's Carl Linnaeus -- in honour of all the work he did on species [we locked his skeleton up somewhere](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_(biology)#Lectotype) and granted him the title of Ur-human. Which means that everyone alive today is slightly less human than some family of Swedish nerds in the 1700s. And if we'd happened to have chosen someone else, we'd have a different ordering of humanity in terms of human-ness."

"You can teleport! You could go somewhere else, somewhere far far away, _right now_. Wouldn't that be fun?"

"Worse, we haven't stopped evolving. At some point in the future we'll be so far from Carl Linnaeus that we'll need a new label to describe us. Do those powers disappear then? Once we arbitrarily decide to call ourselves something else? Seems hard to believe really."

"Oh My God do you know this is why no one has bothered to contact you people all this time? I'm leaving. Do us all a favour and don't go developing any sort of space exploration program. If I see a human come anywhere near our star system I will see to their Zapping myself."

"How will you decide whether the organism is human or not?"

[See also](http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/11/21/the-categories-were-made-for-man-not-man-for-the-categories/)


There were some that called it a sign from God, another purging of humanity like the great flood. I never cared, all that I needed to know was that they were smart, and didn't like to go underground, best place for safe houses in my opinion. I was in one of these so called safe houses, if a sewer tunnel filled with lamps and sleeping bags counts as a house, that I first heard these claims.

Left that particular house after that conversation, it wasn't safe. The bastards killed everyone there, by the time I returned the tunnel had collapsed. No signs of life anywhere.

4 weeks ago humanity was attacked by a race of unknown origin. Humanity fought back but it was useless. These things, or "clickers" as the survivor colonies refer to them due to their habit of releasing a strange clicking sound, ever seen that movie Predator? Like the predator clicks. Anyway these clickers were ruthless and brutally efficient. Russia was the first major nation to go down, falling in only 7 hours, soon all of Asia was conquered. Fast forwards 4 weeks and humans have become rats, running through tunnels, breaching the surface only for food or water. 

Under earth is safer than above it. I don't know why but they hate it underground, they won't search through tunnels too often.  But if they know someone's there they will come.

On this particular day I was sleeping in an above ground safe house. More accurately in one of the cars of an abandoned military train. The thing was perfect, armored, still functioning partway so it was warm and could lock up very tightly. I was bundled in my sleeping bag in a car that had the doors sealed tight. I had awoken from a sound I had heard outside. Namely the gunshots.

That was about 30 minutes ago. But 2 minutes previously I thought I had heard a familiar clicking. I inhaled and sure enough the stench of motor oil and salt water hit my nostrils, an odd odor that clickers emitted. 

Suddenly the side of the car rattled as someone, or something, tried to open the door. It rattled a few more times before there was a bang that blasted the door into pieces. 

The clicker regarded me, I don't actually know what the things look like, they're always wearing the same armor, rectangular slabs of metal. It raised a serrated blade and charged. 

I stumbled backwards and my left hand fell into an open control panel full of wires I had to cut to disable the alarm systems on the cars. There was still electricity in those cables. I was expecting a massive pain, I'd maybe to blackout. What I wasn't expecting was for the energy to travel down my arm and then blast from my other hand straight into the clicker. Whatever metal that armor was apparently conducted electricity as the clicker shrieked, then collapsed into the ground, smoke pouring from in between the plates. 

I looked at my hand, blue energy danced from my fingers, suddenly a loud howl broke the eerie silence, a howl that meant a clicker had heart the blast. The things were slow, I likely had 5 minutes. I had packed my bag and was about to go when I glanced at the dead clicker. Curiosity struck but I still needed to get away.

Do I: Run or Investigate the Body
Edit: continuing story. 

I ran over to the thing, maybe finally a chance to see what they looked like, that metal was probably valuable as well. I looked all over the armor and finally found a small blue pad on the neck, I pressed it and with hissing steam the plates folded away revealing the front of the thing.

I understood now why they covered their faces. The skin was like tanned cow hide, it was covered in what looks like blisters. The eyes were dark and hollow. The worst part was the mandible jaw. Strangely if the mandible jaw was closed the creature might look human. 

The howling got louder. I remembered I was on a schedule, I grabbed anything that looked useful. An odd device that looked like  a flashlight with a grip and trigger, a few plates of armor, and the blade it had held. A blade that resembled a knife sized serrated Khopesh. 

Now I had picked up a few tricks since this whole thing went down, one of which was that most clickers with the exception of a few that has been wearing red plates instead of black, seemed to be blind. A scientist I had met in the first week said the clicking was echolactation, wait that wasn't it... Oh who cares. 

They relied on smell to distinguish each other and that armor still had the salty oil smell. I put the plates back  into place, with a groan hoisted the dead clicker out, lay down in the armor and pressed the blue button.

The layers closed down and everything was dark, of course if these things things were blind a visor wasn't needed. The second thing I noticed was that there was still a LOT of electricity surging through the armor.

Now I'm no scientist but I'm fairly certain I should have been cooked alive. No time for that now. I tried to tear the helmet off and somehow succeeded. I sprinted out of there, the armor surprisingly light, snagging my pack under my arm as I ran. 

7 years, and many incinerations, electrocutions, crushings, and drownings later the clickers finally retreated. Leaving behind only a strange gold box, oddly resembling an Egyptian coffin. Nobody could open it. I walked up to it and slid the blade I'd carried for seven years into a small slot in the box. It clicked and opened and I was staring at my own dead body...

Roger woke with a start. "Okay that's it, no more pizza before sleep."


Turns out the universe isn't cold and uncaring. Turns out the universe actually wants to give us what we want. Turns out 8 billion people all projecting their wishes out into the fuzzy warm-hearted void of existence confuses the heck out of the old machinery. What I mean to say is of the bunch of us humans shouting at mama universe, those who got what they were wishing for were few and far between; the odd miracle here and there, a “lucky toss” once in awhile. You get it.


It's different now. When the culling began, I...no, let me skip this part. Slowly, during the months after the event, people thought they were going crazy. Some of the surviving doctors called it PTSD or something. The more susceptible started hearing this background chatter emerge from the white noise narrated stream of consciousness. Took us another 4 billion lost for the first to get it. They were hearing the fearful calls of their brethrens’ minds. Some of the resistance’ stands got 'lucky’. Nothing sustainable, remotely helpful in the big picture; not that any even put it even together until way later anyways.


On the way down to the last wretched few all of this got stronger, more noticeable until even most doubting could no longer deny having joined their fellow men (as few of us as remained) in a shared mind. Some called it God, some Gaia, some just called it magic. It really don’t matter. Once you figure out that you dreamed up this world together, it's not a huge stretch of imagination to imagine the intruders gone. Wasn't even a fight anymore.


Billions lost, just a few ragged men and women with the power to raise cities from the oceans. We prospered fast, as they say we did before. But we also grew fast. Now, only very few can still hear the voices of mind and even fewer can get their small wishes heard by the void.


****


The old man harrumphed, happy with his audience's captivated gazes. He sharpened his mind’s words into a needle tip of will and let it fly, making the fire in the cave in their midst flare, just for a second. His tribe exclaimed with exaltation at the power their shaman wielded.


There is a crucial aspect to conflict one must remember above all else; when victory is the desired outcome, all costs must be put on the line. If you truly seek your goal, you must be willing to sacrifice everything. Because if it comes down to it, that moment when you must choose between victory and survival… the choice must be obvious.

---

I wouldn’t have been able to do it without him. Not that the task was impossible with only one person, but the sheer magnitude of the decision, the guilt of suffering the consequences – it was too much for my morality to endure. I still harbor some resentment, and I wish there was another way. But I have no regrets. If it was necessary, I’d do it all again. The gnawing at the back of my head, telling me I was selfish and incompetent, never stopped. I accept it as punishment for my sin. No amount of atonement could justify the deaths of so many.

I find it hard to believe, myself. The display had counted 7.9 billion – the outcome was so harsh that it was easier to count the survivors than try to comprehend the casualties.

I suppose I must start at the beginning.

---

My name is Daijiro Kojima. I grew up in Moni, a country town at the foot of a mountain. Our people disliked the modern world, and chose to abstain from the technologies of the so-called Western Man. My brother Kentaro disproved of this very much. He scolded our chief often for being “ancient” and “dictatorial.” I couldn’t disagree with his accusations, as they were, to an extent, true. We held to old customs, and we clung to the advice and teachings of our chief. It was unsafe to wander outside the fence, thanks to the wolves roaming the forest, so we were largely restricted to wandering the farms and the streets. It was a peaceful life, though, and we ate well in the company of our families.

Every week we gathered to pay tribute to the Effigy of the Mount, feeding it the fruits of our farms and cattle so it could sustain us with bountiful harvests. I didn’t know how, but the soil here was… different. To this day I was unsure of it, perhaps being a trick of the light or just my imagination, but the ground seemed to give off an ever so faint glow under the moon, just barely noticeable. I attributed the glow to be the spirit of the mount moving in the ground. Every year we reaped rewards that far exceeded the effort we put in.

We thanked the chief for his leadership, and we thanked the mount for its generosity. We were merry and happy.

---

Kentaro and I always trained with the village guardsmen, learning how to use the sword and be fleet of foot. The latter skills were always emphasized, as the chief said that our swordsmanship would be no match for the weapons of the outside world. The elders, those who travelled across the land and meditated in the fields, told us stories of the Western Man – I always wondered about the term, as they were apparently to the East and North too, even the South where the ocean is. Why call them Western if they are everywhere? But, I digress. The elders told us of the extensive range of their armaments, and the frightening speed of their attacks. It was something out of a magic story, I was sure. Kentaro told me he would protect me if the Western Man came to our village, but I always shrugged him off. We were both past childhood anyway. I was more than capable of protecting myself.

But I never expected us to be the ones killing them.

---

It happened while I was picking a primrose for mother. I’d been growing one behind one of the storehouses, so it would be kept a surprise. She loved flowers, especially pink ones. It would make the perfect birthday present. It became dark so suddenly that I thought a vine had torn off the storehouse and fallen over me, but I looked up to see the clouds break apart and disappear, absorbed into a blackened sky. It was dark as night, and I stumbled through the leaves towards light. After feeling along the sides of building walls along the street for a while, amidst panicking women and screaming children, I found myself in the village square. Guards ran to and for with torches, yelling to each other and ushering civilians to safety. I saw my father carrying boxes with some other men. I was confused – why was the sky black? Had the sun run away before the moon was ready to wake? Was the Mount angry at us?

And then Kentaro was by my side.

“Hey, Dai… everything’s going to be okay, hear me? We’ll figure this out.”

I nodded. The chief stumbled past with a heavy box, but my brother caught him by the shoulder.

“Hey, old man, what’s going on? Where’s the light gone?”

Eyes wide, the chief turned to us. “Get everyone you can find and gather them at the effigy. I had no idea they would return, not at a time like this.”

“What are you talking about? Are we under attack?”

“I’ll explain everything later. The most important thing now is to get everyone to safety. Here,” he fumbled in his pocked for a second and retrieved a small object, shoving it into Kentaro’s hand. “Take this. Offer it to the effigy as you would a tribute. We need to protect everyone we can.”

“You got it, old man. Come on, Dai.”

So we took a torch and scampered about, sending everyone we could at the effigy. Mother showed up too, and I suddenly remembered the primrose I’d left behind the storehouse. She asked about our father, and we didn’t see him there. More of the guardsmen were arriving, and he wasn’t among them. Kentaro and I left to look for him, starting first at the barracks then progressing through the streets. We figured he’d gone to the effigy while we were searching, so we started heading back. However, as we passed a farm we saw a dozen or so men staring at the sky. We followed their gaze and there, in the air above us, we saw the blackness move. It seemed to bend and shift, as if it was a giant piece of cartilage. Parts of it seemed to brighten slightly, and I saw a multitude of small specks appearing from the lighter parts. I watched as the specks grew larger, then realized they were distant objects heading towards us. Kentaro put his hand on my shoulder.

“Dai… we should go.”

“But… what are those? Birds?”

“Whatever they are, it can’t be good.”

For a second there was a bright flash amidst the objects, and a split second later the farmers screamed. The dirt around them erupted, spewing mounds of soil into the air. They scrambled back, running for the effigy. Kentaro and I didn’t hesitate any longer. When we returned, the chief was waiting for us, more stressed than I’d ever seen him.

“You left and took the key with you?! Do you have any idea of the risk you just put us in?!” His loud voice drew several eyes from those around us.

“Oh, sorry… this thing, right?” Kentaro drew out the object he’d been given before. It was about half the size of his palm, colored black and shaped like a disc, engraved with the face of a cat, just like the one on the effigy. They say that black cats are a sign of good fortune. And by the looks of things, we’re going to need all the fortune we can get.

“Yes yes yes – give it here!” The chief snatched the disc from Kentaro’s hand and hurried over to the effigy, dropping it in the tribute slot. The disc would travel down a pipe and end up… somewhere. I was unsure of where the tributes ended up but I was certain it wasn’t underneath the chief’s house like some kids had joked.

“What now, old man?” Kentaro asked, arms on his hips.

“Ken, show some respect.” Father said, appearing from the group to slap Kentaro across the back.

“S-sorry, chief.”

The chief was silent, instead speaking with a sly grin. The earth shook, forcing me to steady myself on Kentaro’s arm. The effigy broke open, splitting the cat’s face in two. There were several loud gasps and outcries from those gathered, but the chief urged them to calm down. The cracked effigy left a big hole in the ground, laden with steps that seemed to descend to the center of the earth.

“Everyone, follow me! Carry everything you can!” The chief yelled, rushing down the hole and disappearing into the darkness, followed by the residents from the village. I looked back to the objects in the sky, which were approaching all the while. They must’ve been a hundred miles when we first saw them, but I was sure they were a mere couple miles away now.

I felt a pair of hands gripping my shoulders, moving me forward. “Come on, Dai, let’s go!” Kentaro had a huge smile on his face, eyes wide.

“Brother..?”

“This is exciting, right? Something different is happening!” Did he fail to notice the power of those things? Exploding the ground from so far away in an instant? He always was a strange one, I suppose. 

So we descended the steps, each of us carrying a box of supplies. Food, I think. We travelled for maybe 10 minutes, and I felt the temperature slowly dropping. I looked up and could no longer see the entrance nor feel the rumbling from the explosions. Eventually we reached a flat area of dirt, about the size of a house interior. The whole village crowded there, staring at the large wall opposite the end of the steps. It was made of metal, and shined so clearly that in the light of the torches, we could see our reflections. The wall was adorned with strange markings and indentations. The chief walked up to it, putting a hand against it. He sighed, as if in disappointment. I saw his lips move, but he made no sound.

**PART TWO IN CHILD COMMENT**


Kevin listened to the Oracle while sitting on the cloth that covered the pile of rubble beneath it. He's heard the tale more times than he can count: on that fateful day, 25th December of the year 2017, fleets of starships darkened the sky, and leveled the human civilization. 

The oracle spoke of times when humans were plenty, the time when people would gather in the weekends for drinks, the time when people fought amongst themselves over petty differences… They're all gone now. The aliens wiped them all out. All those years of hard work, all the things they have learned over time, the monuments they managed to build were all erased when the fleet arrived, and, according to the Oracle, “glassed the planet”. The oracle never spoke about how many were killed, perhaps even he doesn't know. He did however, spoke in detail as to the destruction of civilizations: How the tallest buildings erupted in flames, how the people simply turned to ash without even burning, how none managed to find out a way to deal with the aliens despite many of them spending thousands of hours practicing how to fight them… 

The next part always dreads Kevin. The oracle would move close to him, ignite the candles in the hut with a motion of his hand, and tell Kevin it is his destiny to overthrow the aliens, before telling him to put out the candles without leaving his seat. 

Kevin sat as still as he can. This is going to be another failure, another time he would disappoint the Oracle and his people… It's not like he doesn't have any idea on what the oracle wants him to do. Kevin knew the oracle meant for him to create a gust of wind with his mind, similar to how the Oracle lit the candles with his mind. 

“Oracle…” Kevin said while lowering his head in shame, “you know I can't do it, I've been trying since the first time I was here. There's just nothing I can do...” 

Kevin remained in his seat, concentrating on creating a wind to put out all the candles. He had been doing this dance every week since he was ten. And now, five years later, he still hasn't been able to accomplish this simple feat. 

Kevin continued to think of the wind, a strong breeze came through the door, blowing out all the candles. Just as Kevin was wondering whether this meant success for him, the Oracle signaled him to hide under the rug he was sitting on, before doing so himself. Kevin knew the alien patrols are nearby. Unlike putting out the candles, hiding from aliens is never something he had trouble with. Although he is having a tingly feeling, something is not right. 

And then he realized, none of them packed the candles. He pondered what he should do, as he heard the footsteps of three aliens jumping onto the ground. Each step they take, their greaves make a sound that warns everyone nearby of their presence. The message is clear -- be out of their sight, or be killed. 

The footsteps growing ever closer. The aliens will search the area when they see the candles. Kevin thought of his next step. There are none. Had he been able to put out the candles earlier… 

The scream of the Oracle pulled Kevin back to reality. As he peeked from a hole in his cover, he saw one of the aliens, in his shiny silver armor, holding the Oracle in the air. The other two were stand next to him, crossing their arms, probably enjoying the sight of their comrade killing an old man. 

Kevin thought of what he should do: continue to hide, and let the aliens take his mentor? Or would he try to fight them, and die. The Oracle would never wanted him to throw his life away for anyone, that he knows. He is important to overthrowing the aliens. But what good would he be if he didn't save the man that taught him everything. What good would he be if he died here...

Another scream. Kevin two pieces of debris, got out of his cover, and hurled them at the aliens. The aliens stood steadfast, letting their armor deflect the rocks. Kevin picked up another one, threw it at them again, nothing. Another one, and another… 

Until his arms grew tired and his couldn't pick up anymore rocks. The aliens looked at one another, as one of them produced a pistols from his holster, and began taking aim at Kevin… 

*Why am I so useless* 

Kevin thought to himself as he stared the alien in the eyes, prepared to die, he is useless anyway. 

The alien squeezed the trigger, a blue bolt of energy launched at Kevin. He instinctively raised his hand at the bolt. Just as the bolt was about to hit him, he felt a warm wave of energy concentrate on his hand, flowing to his palm, and outward to the incoming projectile. 

The bolt hit his hand, but it didn't hurt. And the feeling of warmth continued flowing through Kevin. 

Kevin concentrated, looking at the aliens who are going to kill his friend. He let the energy wave concentrate on his hand again. Except this time the feeling is much more intense. He looked at the aliens one more time, and unleashed the wave of energy at them. He watched as his assailants come into contact with the wave of blue energy, and burned to ash in mere seconds. 

Kevin rushes towards the Oracle and helped him get up. Together, they packed up their camp and headed home.


I don't know how to start here. None of this makes any sense.

I grew up watching the old Superman movies on tape. I grew up wanting to be like the man himself; I always thought I'd do what he did if I ended up with his powers. I remember fantasizing about it maybe a week before first contact; it was a thought I had often. 

I told myself I'd skip the subtext and buy an actual Superman costume online before I went flying around the world chucking nukes into deep space and putting out forest fires. So that when people saw me coming, they'd know I was coming to help. 

There are a few problems with that now. The first one that comes to mind is, there's no one left to impress like that. The other six survivors don't need or want Superman right now, besides, you guys are all as invincible as I am.

Second, I'm not as good a guy as Clark Kent ever was. I see that now; let me explain. There are seven human beings still alive on Earth; the rest of us were wiped out by aliens. They brought colony ships the size of the Moon, dozens of them; you can see the whole fleet at night. I can't imagine how many of them there are. Hundreds of billions? Trillions? 

Trillions of them against seven of us, and we're winning. One of us brought down a colony ship yesterday. Again, this thing was moon-sized and filled with billions of aliens. She took a running start and jumped from the Earth's surface hard enough to punch a hole out the back of the ship. The whole thing just shattered into scrap metal.

I think we should surrender. I haven't said so out loud, not to any of you, but I still think it. Seven of us against trillions of them, and why are we fighting? I don't think it's for revenge, but it's something close. It isn't to save the world; we got these powers too late for that. Therein lies the problem. Nothing we do to these invaders will bring back the people they killled. Our actions from now on can only decide what happens to us and the aliens. I think a trillion lives are worth more than seven, no matter how we ended up in this situation. No matter who those lives are, human or otherwise. 

I dunno if you agree with that or not. I dunno which choice Superman would make. I can't even picture him thinking of a moral dilemma like this. To Superman, the right thing to do is instantly obvious. Me though; I have to think on it.

So I thought on it, and I realized something. Whatever the source of our powers is, whether you call it magic or mana or Light or a million other things; there is a source. It's something only humans can use. And we can be reasonably sure evolution just doesn't do this.

I think there's a God. I never believed in Him before first contact, and for a while afterward I kinda figured the existence of aliens confirmed it. I read a book once that had this line about evolution. *There were only two known causes of purposeful complexity. Natural selection, which produced things like butterflies. And intelligent engineering, which produced things like cars.*

This magic, whatever it really is, it didn't evolve. It was created, and whatever entity has the resources to create a source of magic must, by definition, be a god. One that specifically took interest in humans for a number of possible reasons, including ones suggested by a few of our religions. And those religions usually also claim that God has *been* here, to Earth, and spoke in person with His creations. Wherever He is now, he hasn't been paying attention. 

One inference leads to another. If magic, then God. If God, then Heaven. If Heaven, then afterlife and souls and *one possible chance* to undo the extinction of the human race and end the conflict with these aliens without murdering them all. God isn't paying attention though, so someone has to go find Him and tell Him to look this way.

I'm leaving. I don't know what will happen to me if I fly too far from Earth or the Sun; maybe the magic will cut off and I'll need air again and I'll die out there in space. I don't even know where I'm going; which way God went; so I'm relying on faith and that sounds like a shitty plan, but I have to do it.

I leave this note to you, the six of you, and I hope you forgive me. I hope you do what you can to spare the enemy's life, and I hope I come back one day to fix this. If not, this is my suicide note. There are worse ways to die. 

I have to do this. The chance to save seven billion lives, however slim, is worth the risk to my one life, however great. Now that I think about it, that does sound almost like what Superman might say.

Goodbye.


We didn't acknowledge there was anything strange going on - that was, until the second-gen power armor started being able to curve bullets during testing. Right after the Alpha Event in Eurasia that wiped out almost 70% of our population.

The strange thing was, neither the smartrifles mounted on the armor nor the munitions they chambered had any sort of guidance technology. It was almost as if the soldiers had simply willed the guns to hit their targets, even with the silhouette boards 10 feet under a window. Not long after the second generation were deployed, the remaining 2.4 billion members of humanity were treated to some very uplifting news on their vidcasts. 

The Enemy's soldiers had not been able to hit their mark. Footage showed human soldiers, in their black, skeletal armor, advancing fearlessly towards their lines, pulse rifle rounds and shrapnel arcing out of the way at the last second to avoid collision with Earth's chosen. It would only be another several months before they were pushed back to a tiny hold in what was formerly Mongolia. But by then, we understood. We had realized our awakening had occurred, and as we always do, we weaponized it. We razed their last bastion here, and we chased them to the ends of the stars, burning their worlds as we came across them. Yes, there are few of us. But our wrath is terrible.


Bruce stood against the wall, his whole body shaking with fear. Glaring at the creatures with hate filled eyes, he knew his end was near. The Wub had lined up 10 people along a wall execution style, ready to slauter and rid the earth of the human pest. Bruce had a welling feeling in his gut, could this be the powers the people were talking about? The Wub troopers aimed there weapons for the final part of the execution. Bruce couldn't hold it any longer, it was happening and he knew it. Gas filled the street with a toxic purple and yellow haze. The prisoners survived and had only one side effect, the putred smell of sulfer. Bruce looked at the back of his jeans. A giant hole on his butt. " Dear God I'm going to die from that smell, I'm scared for life now" spoke the young girl next to Bruce. His power was growing stronger again, or was it all those chalupas he ate yesterday night? Either way it was time to move. Bruce ran down the street, his pants flayling behind him in the wind.


Waking up it felt as if i was on fire, like electricity was burning my soul away. Piece by piece it was being ripped away in time with the rhythm of my heart. As soon as i felt that i could not go on something resonated with my mind. All of a sudden that burning was replaced with a tempered heat as if my soul itself was being reborn within those fires.  
  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

As i laid there for the next couple minutes it felt as my body was rebooting itself, my senses slowly turning back on. The first thing i noticed was the smell of smoke all around me. Struggling at first, i pushed myself off the ground to try to find the source of the smell. Walking closer to my front door the smell increased in intensity as i neared. As I opened the door i felt a rush of hot air to meet me. Outside the embers of the world that i once knew danced upon the wind like the stars in the skies. The city i had grown up in was on fire, blazing like the gods themselves dropped hell fire upon the world. Suddenly there was a massive explosion and i felt a new way of heat as i was forced to close my eyes against the light. As i the light subsided i traced the sound to the rend that part of the city once occupied.  
   
  

Looking up from the destruction my heart stop, on the horizon a colossus of a ship had teardrops falling on to the ground that the city once laid. Ice filled within my gut as i gazed upon the damage that the ship had brought. Dread gripping my heart i could only think of one thing, escape.
  
------------------------------
After that night i began to question myself, what right do i have to live with all those that surely were lost within the eradication of the city. Why was i still alive while all those people were dead. After a few more days i began to hears whispers as the tempered heat came back to me filling me with someone. I did not know what was happening but those whispers started to cooing me into comfort. They whispered that what happened to those in the city was not my fault and that nothing i could've done could've changed what took place there. This soothed my worries some but i kept feeling i there was something that i had to do.
  
---------------------------------------
A week later i was stopping at a river to drink, i do not know which one anymore as i had lost all form of direction due to my hunger which was a constant pain for me. After finishing i sat on the river bank staring into the water. This was becoming increasing common  lately. I do not know if it was the lack of food or the shock of destructed all those days ago but as i stared into those waters the whispers that had been my constant companion began to grow louder and louder. With there musings i began to lose myself in their words, drifting in and out of myself. As i regained myself i felt a cool blanket wrapped around myself. As if nature itself embraced me the sight around me breathtaking. Lilies sprouted around a red maple tree that wrapped around me as if to comfort me. The whispers did not silence as they once did before. Now they murmur in a chorus that clearly rang through me. The warmth that  always felt now began to bubble as they spoke. "Through our sacrifice you preserve us." With that the heat within me began to rapidly cool within me, hardening into steel. I knew what i must do in that moment. Without though i heard the words "Retentat ligni vitae, e pluribus unum" come to my mouth. With that i took off, back to the ruined city.


You could feel static in the air. Vibrations rippling the surface of the ground. Like a droplet hitting calm waters.
Her eyes pregnant with tears; cascading down her dirty face. If you had heard her screaming, you would feel the exact moment your heartbreaking into a thousand pieces.


She croaked out the last of her voice. Sobbing her heart out, she clutches the remnants of her younger sister. Trembling and whispering so low only angels could hear "Fuck no, Jesus please. Bring her back. Fuck. this isn't fair." If given the chance she would have sat there and repeated that last sentence over a lifetime. Over and over again.
If only she had been there. She would have found a small momentary haven for her and younger sister.


Gemma's lifeless eyes that had once danced with a playful light despite The Day of Broken Skies had wreaked havoc on our broken world under a couple of years ago. Had now been snuffed away. Stolen from her.


Sophia had never felt rage this chaotic before.
The sound of her blood coursing through her veins drowned out the distant screams and please for help.


Nearby a  Senty had rounded the corner, the low baritone humming as it's tracks glided over crumbling walls and rusting cars. The dome glistening as it housed this other worldly species. A language unknown warbled excitedly as it spots Sophia.
Sophia couldn't hear the mechanised alien's weapon start to whir. Only when she felt searing hot air whoosh past her arm did the ground around her stop pulsing.


Sophia's sadness had erupted into a deafening war cry.
She abhorred them. Every last one of them. With every last molecule of her body.

She went to stand up. Instead the ground rushed away from her. She was airborne and as her rage brought her to near madness. What can only be described as the sound of a sonic boom. Darkness.


Sophia struggles to wake. She feebly pushes herself onto her knees. She knows she needs to run. She looks around to find shelter, only to find 100 metres of scorched earth surrounding her. What was left of the Sentinel, was a puddle of molten alien metal.


"What are you?" A terrified voice called from somewhere close. Sophia could only muster a whisper "please help"


Darkness.



Sophia woke to the sound of metal clanging and water rushing. She couldn't see much but a sliver of light. Her migraine made her double over, groaning as she's struggled to make sense of her surroundings.
The pitter patter of tiny feet and giggling could be heard running away. "She's awake", "she's weird", "she looks like my sister" "she's superwoman" little eyes peered into the safety of Sophia's darkness.


"GET AWAY FROM THERE" A fierce growl scattered the kids in different directions.
The huge metal door creaked open.

A giant with a barrel chest stoops to let himself into the room. Light burns Sophia's eyes as she struggles to keep them open.


"So you're a Surge?" His growls rumbling as a billow of smoke floods towards Sophia.


Hey guys,
This was my first attempt at a writing prompt or anything really like this. I don't know the etiquette on how long or short they are supposed to be.
My grammar sucks, so if you have any tips that would help, it would be appreciated!
Could you let me know if I did ok?

Apologies on mobile.


We fought for diplomacy, for cohabitation. They had no intention of hearing our pleas. They had given us a warning: vacate the earth in fourteen days or be eradicated. There were over seven billion people on earth and no space or science organization had the means to transport even a fraction of that number to a different location, let alone the resources that it would take to sustain them. 

So, in the face of their ultimatum, we fought. Independently, as first, one nation at a time, launching waves of attacks at their hubs. The United States, Russia, China, Britain; they all fell short of even damaging their ranks. Eventually, the UN announced a global alliance between every country and sovereign power on earth working together towards one goal: survival. 

Under normal circumstances, finding out that most countries were harboring weapons of mass destruction would have been cause for war in itself. Under these circumstances, leaders bit their tongues, and organized attacks with weapons so devastating pieces of the world were no longer identifiable. The earth beneath them suffered, wilted, and caved, but they did not. Not even nukes, a omnipresent threat to humanity since their invention, could damage them. 

It did not take long for them to realize that we had nothing bigger to throw at them, no other trump cards in our pockets. They began their offensive, and within weeks, over 6,000 years of human civilization was reduced to rubble. Seven billion shrank to seven million, and then seven thousand. 

It was at this point that those of us who remained began noticing the changes. We were more in tune with our surroundings, with nature, with the earth around us. We began leaning closer and closer into the fires that kept us warm, finding that it no longer burned our finger tips. Wind no longer chapped our skin, and blizzards were cool breezes against our faces. We were becoming more than what we thought human was. 

The seven thousand of us that remained were split into three separate groups, in order to prevent ever being taken out in one assault. We were somewhere in Africa, two thousand of us trekking through a desert. We knew that we were exposed, but we hoped that the vastness of the sands would be cover enough to get us closer to Europe, where we were to meet with one of the other groups to stage our last stand. 

I never was a lucky man. I never won the big poker hands, found myself in the right place at the right time. I can't recall a time I ever won a scratcher either. The luckiest thing I think to ever happen to me was finding a wife who would put up with me. She was perfect, and I knew when I married her that if she was the only bit of luck I ever had in my life, that it would be more than enough. 

She was killed. Two years ago. Our house collapsed right on top of her when the invasion made it to our city. She didn't have a chance to scream, or feel any pain. She was luckier than I was, and luckier than many of the thousands or millions who suffered slow deaths in the invader's wake. 

I could have used a bit of her luck in that desert. We spotted their ship heading toward us in the distance, probably ten minutes before it would make it to our ranks. A few moments later, news that the other two groups had been killed blared through our radios. We looked to each other, no fear left to give, and readied ourselves for the fight. Only some of us were lucky enough to have guns. High caliber rifles in the very back of our group. The rest of us donned spears and swords. We unsheathed them, children grasping their plastic swords to ward off intruders, and raised them in the air and shouted together.

They flew closer, droves of them jumping down to the sand, standing at least two heads taller than an average human. They were faster than us as well, covering twice the distance in their long strides. We knew this scene of pale beasts hurling themselves toward us was likely our last. Still, we charged, and as instinct took over we all learned that there was nothing more human than our inclination for war. 

I lead the charge, raising my rusted longsword in the air, thinking back to all of the high fantasy stories I used to enjoy, knowing that there would be no allied army making a last minute entrance to save us. Whenever I would watch those scenes, goosebumps would flood my skin, and the hair on my neck would stand straight up. I felt the same thing now as I ran toward my death. 

It was euphoric. I thought about the flight or fight response, and how whenever we are put in that situation, our bodies release chemicals that make us less responsive to pain and wondered if this was my body in action. I understood how our ancestors would have fought beasts larger than us. The feeling coursing through my body was like nothing I had ever experienced. As I drew closer to them, the euphoria seemed to concentrate in my hands and feet, and I could begin to feel the earth shake harder and harder beneath me. 

We closed in on one another, and the yells went silent as I jumped higher than I ever thought I could directly into the ranks of the invaders. A primal instinct kicked in, and I dropped my sword halfway through my jump, raising my fist at their leader's head. The moment before it made contact, a bolt of lightning cracked into the creature's flesh and cracked in half before falling to the ground. 

As I stood in confusion, I looked behind to the last of my people. Lighting crackled and fire burst from their palms as they maintained their charge. Their fists landed as true as my own, and one by one, after years of fighting, we were finally able to witness the beauty of our enemy’s death. It was as though earth itself was fighting back. Two thousand humans remained, but we were no longer the humans we once knew. We were what humans had been millennia ago, what legend and folklore was based on. 

We were the people of earth, and as we would come to find out, had a deeper connection to this planet than any of us could have guessed, let alone any foreign invaders. We had grown with this planet, and long ago, learned to harness its raw power. But power is finite, and when so many of us shared the planet, that power began to grow thinner as we prospered. 

Bringing us down to our last stand, dwindling our numbers to so few, triggered the final fail safe that humanity had repressed for so long. We beat them for the first time that day, in a scorching desert that our ancestors avoided. They felt the sting of defeat for the first time, and retaliated with their full force. They had the numbers, but we had the power, and it was time for us to take our planet back.


[Part 1]

When they came, it was not nearly as one would expect; at least not what the average Joe, Jane, Tom, Dick, or Harry would have expected.  Aliens meant fantastically futuristic, didn’t it?  They were supposed to have arrived in spaceships descending from orbit and raining death upon us with technological supremacy.  They might have landed their ships and been humanoids upon emerging from their crafts, wielding laser guns, or something similar, and decimating us with that technology.  Perhaps they would have been more beast like, like something from a Geiger painting…right; charging forth in a beast-like frenzy? 

For all the world, back in early 2015—still very much a technological age for well over 90 percent of the Earth’s inhabitants—they had come sailing through the skies in what looked like ancient clippers, schooners, and similarly designed ships of wood.  Fantastic all right; as in what had resembled the dark peoples that might have made up Sauron’s army from The Lord of The Rings trilogy.  There were Orc-like creatures, and those with pointy ears and grey skin like evil Elves, and beserker men and women had come off those ships, washing forth upon our continents with sabres, swords, and bows, slaughtering those who’d gotten in the way.  Far worse were the Warlocks; men and women in flowing robes of varying black or red hues, depending on their bent for different schools of magic.  

Even with the common soldiers, their armors—we’d come to understand later—had been gifted with runic magic, protecting them as they butchered any careless enough to not run away, who thought glocks and shotguns would save them.  Of course, governments around the world ordered jets and attack helicopters on those ships, though their machine guns and missiles exploded harmlessly against lavender colored energy shields.  When that didn’t work, larger missile strikes from military bases were tried—again, having no effect on the spelled-ships.  It did take well over two years, but the Earth’s population had shrunk drastically with each passing month.  Of course, something strange had been realized by the dwindling population.  Magic of our own was still there, and much more present as 7 billion became 5 within the first year, and to what must be perhaps less than 1 billion now, though technology had all but ceased to function with destroyed satellites, power plants vaporized, and manufacturing plants amongst the first targets of the invaders.  We’re fighting back though, with our own magic, as best we can.  Our magic manifests differently though, from person to person.  While runes are woven with intricate hand gestures, and spells of power are worked when invoking the right words from our enemy, ours manifests quite differently.  
_____________________________________________________

[Part 2 coming right up, after THESE messages...]


When it first showed up to our sensors, everyone thought it was just an interested asteroid. Sure, it was oblong, and one of the first we'd ever observed, but it was hardly anything special. People speculated that it was an alien ship, but no one really believed it.

That is, until it spontaneously reversed it's trajectory. One day, it was headed out of the solar system faster than any man made craft. The next, it was hurtling towards Earth with unnatural precision. 

The impact alone wiped out Canada and part of the USA. Debris clouded the atmosphere, and the world went dark. It was few month before it began to spread.

It wasn't just a space rock or a ship. It was *alive*. And it was hungry. It spread like rot, sucking the life out of everything it touched. Concrete disintegrated, steel corroded to dust, and flames did nothing. Wherever it went, it spewed noxious, toxic gas. Scientists recognized it as a terraforming device. We called it the Plague.

 People died in their homes, refusing to leave. People stuck in the traffic of evacuation found themselves trapped in a ring of the creeping rot. It seemed to seek out life, so that it could trap it and kill it. High altitude flight was impossible due to debris, and low altitude was incredibly dangerous, because the gas that permeated the atmosphere above the Plague was impossible to filter.

The human population steadily shrank, until the only free continent left was Australia. There were less than 10,000 of us when it happened. People began exhibiting strange power. Some could read minds. Others could teleport. Still others controlled the elements. I had the ability to fly. One thing that everyone had in common, however, was to share their energy with each other, from any distance, to boost one another's power.

Eventually, one man was found with the power to destroy the Plague. 

His power was unique. It looked like raw energy, and it erased any Plague it came in contact with. He fired it from his hands as beams and blasts of blue or yellow light. Humanity immediately knew what they had to do.

I was one of a team sent with him, comprised of myself, two other fliers, a wind mage to clear the air, a telepath to communicate remotely, and the man himself. Our mission was to fly to the source of the Plague to destroy it once and for all.

The flight was short. In less than a day, we reached the origin. It was the only feature in a smooth, shiny black wasteland. A pillar of darkness, like a monument to humanities destruction. 

At his command, the telepath broadcast his speech to the rest of humanity. I was the one flying him, and I'll never forget his words.

As he raised his arms above his head, he bellowed at the top of his lungs.

"PEOPLE OF EARTH! *LEND ME YOUR ENERGY*!"

Fukin' weebs.


Emily sat across from him at a table draped with a red satin tablecloth.  Her champagne flute remained untouched as she searched for the words to say.

“I’m sorry Jacob, but,” she paused averting her gaze.  “It’s not you it’s me.” 

“What do you mean?” 

“I don’t think I’m ready for a long term relationship.  It’s just too much right now.  You’re great, truly.  But I think it’s best if we take a break.”

“For how long?” he asked, sadness crept into his voice.

She sighed quietly.  “I’ll let you know. I’m sorry,” she said rising from the table leaving him alone, head hanging.

He watched her go, her heels clicking against the black and white tiled floor of the Italian restaurant.  *Well, this version didn’t work either.  Maybe she really wasn’t ready for a long term relationship,* he wondered.

*Or. Maybe she doesn’t realize just how much she needs me.* He dropped a stack of money on the table and slipped into the night.  Heavy rain drops began to fall as he made his way toward Emily’s apartment. 
 
Emily tossed herself down onto her couch and pulled her plush robe around herself.  She clutched the warm cup of tea between her hands and drank deeply.  

*This is what I want,* she smiled.

A quiet scratching turned her head.  *Probably the storm.* She turned the TV to listen to the home decorator explain their choices for the house they had just flipped.

The scratching came again, more urgently this time.  She set her tea down, her bare feet whispered across the floor as she made her way to the front door.  She had to stand on her toes to see through the small peephole.  

“I’m just hearing things,” she tried to convince herself.  

Another series of frantic scratching turned her head toward the window.  She grabbed an umbrella and gripped it like a baseball bat.  Lightning flashed outside her apartment, the brilliant light briefly illuminating a small shape on her fire escape.  

*Is that?*

A quiet meow came from the window as a reply to her question.

“You poor thing!” she cooed as she opened the window and lifted the soaking wet kitten inside.  The cat meowed happily and pressed its head against her plush robe.

Emily dried him off and got a small dish of tuna fish for the cat.  It didn’t have a collar or anything that could help her identify who the cat could possibly belong to.

“Well, I need to call you something. Any ideas?”

*Jacob,* the cat thought to himself and meowed again.

“How about Hamlet?”

Jacob meowed again. *Doesn’t matter to me as long as you love me.*  

---

Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories!


"Raul," crooned Raul in a very suspicious French accent, as he took the lady's hand and graced his eager lips on it. "Let me guess," he continued, releasing his grip and pulling a chair out from the table. "Sit, please. Let me guess, you're a Mari- no, no, you're a Cassandra? I'm right, am I not?" 

*Suave.* Yes, that was what he would be today.

The woman's botoxed forehead tried its best to frown, her lips fighting (and losing) a similarly uneven battle. "How on Earth did you know that?" 

Raul slicked his dark hair back with ringed fingers. "Your beauty, it was that of a Maria, or a Cassandra, and there was a certain radiance that could be of no Maria. I see, no wrinkle has dared to blight your perfect face -- that tells me all I need to know." He lowered his voice to a rippling whisper. "*All I need to know.*"

Cassandra giggled through perfectly still lips as she slid into a seat. "My," she said, "You are a charmer. And that accent... Australian?"

"Australian?"

"Yes. I'm certain of it. I've got an aunt who lives there, and strike me down if you don't sound *just the same!* Don't worry -- she's a smoker."

Raul cursed himself silently. He hadn't done enough research for the role. No, it was fine -- he'd improvise. 

"Yes, mate. Good catch."

He sat in his seat and raised a hand, clicking his fingers to gain the attention of a waiter. "If I had a bloody boomerang, I'd get us the wine myself," he said with a wink.

Another half chuckle as the waiter approached. Raul knew her very favourite drink, her very favourite food... Yes, this time he'd get the pudding he'd been after for so long. But he had to be confident. She liked confident.

"Lambrusco, for the lovely Sheila. And the house re- a uh..."--he swallowed hard--"Fosters for me." 

The waiter lifted his head and eyed Raul snobbishily. "*House Fosters*, sir?"

"Yeah," Raul replied, tugging at his shirt. "You know, out of the house tap."

"Very good, sir. And to eat?"

"Pie and chips for the lady, and... do you do anything off the barbie?"

"Sir?"

"Struth. Just a burger then, mate."

The lady eyed Raul with suspicion. "I wouldn't normally let someone order for me, but... How did you know I loved pies?"

"Know? Oh, that you're a classy pie lass? Well, it's obvious ain't it."

"Is it?"

"It is to me. A lady who would wear a fashionable tracksuit like that, to a place like this, well, she'd be after the fanciest meal on the whole bloody menu."

If she could have smiled she would have done, Raul hoped. God, she was beautiful. Beneath all that make up. Maybe. Raul began to sweat. This was the best any of their dates had gone *to date*. He couldn't mess it up now. It was time to lay his heart on the table.

"Look, Cassandra, I'm gonna' level with you. I think you're mighty fine, and I reckon you think I'm fine. I mean, I figure I'm the sort of guy you'd normally go for."

Cassandara shrugged. "Eh."

"Eh? What do you mean, 'eh'"?

"You're a little too pretty-boy, for my tastes, to be honest."

"You can't be serious. You can't be bloody serious! I've seen all the men you've rejected. What the hell is left?"

Cassandra went tense. "You've *seen* the men I've been out with?"

"Well I er, oh struth," Raul said sadly, knowing he couldn't stop it now. The man's stylish exterior began to wilt, his skin flaking to reveal the green monstrosity beneath. Screams echoed about the restaurant and cutlery migrated high in all directions.

"Wh-what kind of monster are you?" asked Cassandra, her lips trying desperately to quiver.

"Me?" Raul asked, a rage in the pit of his stomach rising. "Me?! What the hell kind of monster are *you*? -- That's the real question! I've tried *everything* to please you. I've been Brad bloody Pitt and Oscar bloomin Wilde. Nothing makes you happy. Nothing!" He realised at this point that he didn't *need* to keep the accent up, but there was something rather bloody pleasing about it.

"Th-hey were *you*?"

Raul's skin began to change again, his black hair falling out in thick clumps, while greasy blonde hair sprouted hurriedly in its place. It took only seconds for Cassandra to be face to face with... Cassandra.

"This," said the new Cassandra, as it got up from its seat, "Is the only person I think you could ever love. You are the worst specimen of any creature I've ever met. And I've been to the Betelgeuse system *and* Scotland. Good day to you!"

Raul/Cassandra had almost stomped its way to the door, when it heard the plaintive scream from behind and stopped in its tracks.

"Waiiit!"

The other Cassandra came running up to it. 

"What do you want now? Come to mock me one last time?"

"Mock? No! I'd never mock someone like you. Mmm mm mmmm, you are *gorgeous*. I think... I think I was a bit hasty. How about one more try?" she asked with a salacious wink.

Raul/Cassandra  smiled. *Finally*.

"Can you change *any* part of your body?" she inquired as they walked back towards their table.


Nate had sort of backed himself into a corner. Having been on as many dates with Amaya as he had, the walls were closing in on him. He had to pretend not to know all her answers to common first date questions (2 siblings, parents divorced when she was little, works in accounting), and if he ever misstepped, the game was up. It was a high-wire act that no one was aware of but him.

But that's what made it fun.

He was fine with the double life he'd have to lead if it worked, that was nothing new to him. Nate was all things to all people, and it made the minutiae of life constantly entertaining. He realized Amaya had been talking for a few minutes and he hadn't been paying attention to any of it. Now she was looking at him expectantly.

He took a shot in the dark. "I work in finance," he said. That wasn't a lie, he was actually a financial planner. She nodded amicably. Nate let out an internal sigh of relief, he'd nailed it.

"Do you come here often?" Amaya asked.

"Yeah, I love Spider House," Nate replied.

"Weird, I've never seen you here. This is, like, my favorite place in the world." Nate tried not to let a smile sneak out. He always found these kinds of situations really amusing; if he just got out with it, he could turn worlds upside down. He never did, though.

"Yeah, it's because I'm a shapeshifter," he said through a cheeky grin. Amaya laughed. Nate laughed.


Jess could pinpoint exactly when she first thought her feelings were wrong: eighth grade after Advanced Algebra. Her friend Katie got an 82% on a test— and that was disastrously low for Katie’s norm, and considered even lower by her parents standards.  Jess spent the rest of the class period trying to cheer her friend up:

“It’s one test— it doesn’t define you. You’re amazing and good at everything. You’re kind and pretty, and this is just a small hiccup! I know you’ll ace the next test! I know it! We can study together— and you’ll probably be saving me from failing, like you normally do.”

When Katie smiled back at her, with a red nose, and puffy eyes, Jess knew that she felt something more for her friend.

Jess, of course, buried her feelings. By no means was she homophobic, but every time she began to feel something for a friend or looked too long at a woman that walked by, she felt unsure of herself, felt like others would somehow know what she was thinking and judge her. So she buried it down— at least, until college.

Jess decided that she would at least try to get into the dating world. She’d go to parties with her friends, and when guys would be interested in her, she’d flirt back and have some fun— and she did, in fact, enjoy her time with most of these guys. So she continued to have fun at parties, flirt, have some friends with benefits, but nothing substantial. Jess liked these guys, of course, but nothing felt like the dramatic and raw feeling of love and emotion that she always heard about from her friends. She decided it was time to start seriously dating— time to find Mr Right, and then she would start to understand how all her friends felt with their boyfriends. They even said it themselves, “You just haven’t found the right guy, Jess.”

The first few relationships Jess was in did not last long— barely even a relationships since they were only a handful of dates and kisses over two or three months before parting ways.

Then she met Matt. He was gorgeous— all of Jess’s friends said so— and he was very into her. 

“Jess, I haven’t been completely honest,” he said one night during a dinner date two months into their relationship.

“Um— what?”

“The first time I met you, it wasn’t at that coffee shop. We were actually at the same college— we had a lecture together for one semester. I saw you at a couple parties too.” 

“Oh,” Jess said, relieved to find out she wasn’t a side-chick or that his secret wasn’t relationship-ending— but she realized that, maybe she didn’t really care if their relationship ended anyway. “That’s— okay. I don’t remember seeing you though.”

“I realized that at the shop,” he said smiling a bit sheepishly, “but we didn’t really talk and I looked a bit different back then.”

Jess broke up with Matt three months later. 

“How could you break up with him? He was so hot!” Regina, her roommate and best friend since college, told her.

“There wasn’t any spark— he was kind of a doormat. He had no personality and went with whatever I said.”

“That sounds like the perfect man to me.” Jess threw the couch pillow at her. “Okay, okay— no man slaves. Hey— wanna watch a movie tonight?”

And Jess never felt more comfortable, more at home, than sharing a blanket with Regina on their couch and watching a crappy movie.

Regina moved out six months later to live with her boyfriend.

“Are you bringing Cam to the engagement party?” Regina asked her half a year later. “Most people Jim and I invited are bring their boyfriends or girlfriends.”

Jess had been dating Cameron for five months now, and things were nice. They liked all of the exact same things, worked in similar fields, had the same hobbies— everyone said they were perfect for each other.

“Yeah, he said he’ll come. You said to come for dinner at eight? Is there anything I could bring? Dessert? Wine?”

“You know we always appreciate more wine— but we’ve got plenty already. All you have to do is bring yourself. And Cam.”

Just a few weeks after Regina’s wedding eight months later, Jess broke it off with Cam. The wedding itself was beautiful, and Jess couldn’t bear to make Regina worry by breaking up with Cam before it.

“But Jess— I love you— we love each other! We love all the same foods and places. We even listen to the same music and watch the same shows— we were perfect for each other this time!”

“That’s the thing, Cam, I don’t want someone who’s the same as me. I don’t want to date myself. I want to date someone that’s different and will push my boundaries— make me try new things— maybe I’ll find things that I never even knew I liked before—“ 

She thought of all the men she’s dated in the past: they were all the same. They were all Nice Guys that were nice and sweet but had nothing to them— each relationship was hollow and lacked any true, real substance. How many men had she gone on dates with? 15? 20? And none of them made her feel any different. She longed to feel the feelings she felt for her friends with anyone who wasn’t her friends. Maybe, she thought, maybe she could. She was so tired, she had nothing to lose.

“Cam, we’re through. I’m sorry if it’s sudden, but I’m tired— of everything— I have been for a while now, even before I met you.”

“Well... I hope you meet someone one day,” Cam said after a long moment. “Maybe whoever you date next will be the right man for you.”

Jess remained quiet as Cam packed up the few things he had in her apartment. She doubted any man would be right for her.

——

It took her two weeks to text Regina and ask her to meet her for drinks on Friday night.

“Hey, Jess— isn’t this a gay bar that we’re going to? I heard it’s a lot of fun,” she said while they were walking.

“Yeah— I wanted to check it out,” Jess said. They walked in silence for a minute before Jess’ nerves got to her. “Ok— wait, stop walking for a sec. I— I need to tell you. We’re not going to this bar just for fun— I think I’m bi— or a lesbian. I don’t really know.”

“Oh— okay,” Regina said after a moment. “How long do you think you’ve known?”

“Eighth grade. I told you about Katie from high school right?”

“Oh . Yeah that makes sense,” Regina thought for a moment. “Ok you ready to start walking again? It’s cold.”

Jess couldn’t be happier, and hanging out at a bar with her best friend, and the flutters in her stomach when other women came up to them to flirt— it was one of the best nights she’s had in a long time. 

And that same bar is where she met Taylor three weeks later. There was something about her— something that made Jess feel like they knew each other for a long time. They liked a lot of the same things, but were different enough that things were still interesting. 

There were some things that were a bit quirky though. Taylor was really bad at shaving her legs— she would always nick them multiple times every time she shaved. She was also really bad with makeup and couldn’t tell concealer from foundation. She never had any pads or tampons in her apartment either. Jess had never asked her about it, but she hoped nothing traumatic happened to Taylor that would cause her period to stop. Taylor also had a whole ton of men’s clothing in her apartment.

For all her quirks though, Jess felt better with Taylor than she had with any of the men in her past.


You thought I couldn't tell, but I could. You can change your face, but not your inability to get your face shaved consistently, or the dumpy clothes you always pick, despite seemingly having any body you want.

You can change your dick size, but it doesn't matter because you never get me home anyway. You can't change your shitty taste in books, or music, or the shows you watch, or the way you talk about them, the way you believe the things you consume are the person you are.

You think you can change yourself on the outside and that it will change the way I feel inside, but it never will, because you still can't escape the essential you-ness of you; in fact, it probably prevents you from being able to make those most essential changes. After all, you can be anyone, right? But the problem is, you've only ever understood people for who they appear to be on the outside, and this failure of imagination has lead you to believe that you only are the person you are on the outside.

You thought I couldn't tell, but I could. The next time I smell dollar-store ramen on the breath of a poorly-dressed Brad Pittish guy who just so happens to share all of my tastes, who knows just the movie to recommend, just the perfect little spot we should try for dinner, I will simply knife him, knife you. And you will die, and transform into the pitiable, shapeless mass your kind always are at heart. And everyone will understand immediately what I've done, and why I've done it, and I will walk out into the sunlight, and feel it on my skin, the way I feel it on my skin every time, the way I can only feel it on my skin, because it's the only skin I've got or will ever have. A feeling you cannot ever know.

I'm serious about stabbing you though.


"Hey, are you okay?"

Maria wiped the tears from her cheeks. She sniffled, looking anywhere but the man standing next to her. She'd gone to the pier to be alone not have random strangers approach her.

"I-I'm fine," Maria looked out toward the ocean, watching as the whitecaps broke and wove over each other, and how the seagulls and birds flew through the stormy grey sky.

The man leaned against the railing of the pier next to her. "Well, I hope you don't mind me saying, but you look like your dog just died."

Maria sniffed again, her lips curling downward as she gripped the leash in her pocket.

"I-I did."

There was a pause and the man sighed. "Shit, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean-"

"No, no, it's okay," Maria said. "This was... this was Max's favorite place to go for our walks. He, um, he was a weird dog, but I loved him. I've had him for so long."

A handkerchief appeared on the railing and Maria wiped her tear stained cheeks. "Thank you." 

"Sounds like a hell of a dog." The man mused.

"He was," Maria nodded. "He always protected me, heck, he even slept in my bed. He did *not* like my boyfriends." She smiled.

"Sounds like a good boy. Dog's can sense that, you know? If a person is good enough for their person."

Maria laughed at that. "Well, he also ate my Italian heels and destroyed two couches, so he had his ups and downs."

The man snorted. "Sounds like an ass."

"He was a good boy," Maria mused. She cleared her throat and offered the man back his handkerchief. "Thank you."

"No problem," the man turned finally and smiled as he took it from her.

Maria paused, her eyes roving over the tanned face and black hair, and the mans eyes. "You have his eyes."

The man blinked. "I'm sorry?"

"He was a husky mix, he had mismatched eyes."

The man slowly blinked again before he shrugged, an amused smile on his face. "I've had a lot of people comment on my eyes, but never that I looked like a dog."

Maria gasped. "O-Oh, no, I didn't-"

The man laughed. "Hey, it's okay." He offered her his hand. "What's your name?"

"Maria," she blushed as she shook his hand. "What's yours?"

"Maximillion, but Max for short." he winked, then spoke in a lower whisper. "My parents were weird. They named the dog Ted."

Maria laughed at that. She flushed when she realized Max had watched her, a warm smile on his face. 

"Hey, I've heard there's supposed to be a coffee shop near here... do you want to go? I'd love to hear more about your Max." 

Maria nodded. She gave the ocean one last glance before she pulled out the leash from her pocket. Max covered it with his hand, taking her hand with his. 

"Come on, let's get out of the rain."

Maria nodded.


There was something about her stare that caught me. It wasn't the green of her irises nor the deep black of her neverending lashes. It was the curvature underneath her eyes every time she smiled, and the glint in her pupils shining like a shooting star in a cold winter night.

I had never witnessed beauty in such purity, not even in my best shapes. See, she had inner beauty. Every gesture of her was a mirror of the warmth in her soul, of its kindness. Something no shapeshifter can't imitate.

I wanted her. And I wouldn't give up no matter the rejections or the many shatters in my heart. Nothing mattered but her. 

Or so I thought.

Three years it took me to understand her taste. She liked them shy and handsome, pensive and profound. I remember the day I conquered her for the first time, the nerves I felt crawling across my chest, the shape I took. Everything.

But it didn't work out. She freaked out when she saw... well let's not talk about what I hide in my basement, it's not there anymore or I should say *they* are not there anymore. We shapeshifters can be quite disgusting to the unknowledgeable.

The second time was much easier yet the nerves were still there, blooming like a rose in late spring. I got her to dine with me in a fancy restaurant. She wore a dress of intense red, it sculpted her figure tightly... what a masterpiece she was. I, of course, wore another suit: a short man with a chiseled jaw. I pretended to be an engineer but the lie merely got so far. Let's just say that before the desserts, the only thing of intense red in our table was my face with her hand plastered on it.

Goddamned rings. They hurt.

Now, I managed to get a third date. I didn't shapeshift this time, my basement is empty and there are no lies in the table. But there's is a gun in my kitchen. I can't deal with the grief of losing her, I thought I could but I cant.

I knew the risks of a woman like this and I accepted them with no complains. But there's a truth I refused to believe. It was clear from the beginning, bright as the sun... as her eyes.

She's pure of soul and I'm rotten inside.

We were never supposed to be.


New town. Small and quiet, perfect for my situation.

The authorities are after me. They know what I am : different, a national threat. They’re aware of what I’ve done. If they catch me it’ll be prison or death, the fate of countless others like me.

Stray dogs and playing children in the streets. Nervously, avoiding eye contact with the receptionist, I book a room at a guesthouse and try to sleep for a couple of hours but to no avail. I get up shower, put on some jeans. Head to the local bar to wind off.

Clouds of smoke, full of loud men. Standing at the threshold, I’m about to leave without getting a drink when she comes up behind me.

“Excuse me, are you getting in?”

•

Perfect hair, perfect nose. She smiles uneasily on the first date, eyes darting stealthily towards the door of the French restaurant. On the second date, I channel a German tourist and she is bored by my stories of Berlin nightclubs and beer festivals. On the third - me as a lumberjack from a  neighboring town - this time she seems interested, eyes sliding across my bulging forearms and she even gives me a peck on the cheek but she doesn’t reply my message the next day. On the fourth, she asks me to walk her home, and I’m surprised because I, stammering and clumsy, had taken the form of  a skinny bespectacled bookkeeper, a complete loser, but her interest was at an all time high, giggling and all that, hand resting on my reedy wrist. 

She invites me inside. Small and clean place, curtains drawn tight. I sit on an armchair and try to calm my excitement: it’s a perfect time to show this beautiful woman the truth, before things got too heated, when she was least expecting it. Like so many others before her. 

I want her to see the real me. As she busies herself in the kitchen, it takes a second to take my true form: tall and gangly, scarred face: the legacies of many a manicured victim.

I take out the little pocket knife and, approaching the kitchen where she is humming, hide it behind my back.


**THUD!!**

"Ow! God damnit!!" He thought to himself so loudly he was certain that someone must have heard it. "Remind me to apologize to every bird outside my office. You really can't see the glass in the window can you? Well at least we know Windex really is worth the few extra bucks"

Irvine still hadn't gotten used to the bird body despite it being his primary mode of transportation around the over crowded city. "Or is it Vincent? No, no Vincent was last month. I thought using the names from my favorite videogames would make this identity thing easier" He spotted her in her usual place walking through the park after her day at work and drifted down to a remote corner in the trees to phase back into being a human. Shaggy black hair, little bit of facial shadow, eyes some kind of hybrid of green and brown, medium build. "Alright, let's try this again" he said with a deep sigh and walked out on the trail.

**THUD!!**

"Oh my god I'm so sorry" he said kneeling down to scoop up the papers that had been scattered running into Isabel. The Apple of Aries' eye. For months they'd been dating on and off. Unbeknownst to her of course. To her, Serge was just another klutz who spent too much time looking at his phone and not enough time watching where he was going. "If I don't text my mom right back, she starts to panic and next thing I know the police are knocking on my door. Or asking the receptionist at the gym if I've checked in. It's happened more than once." "Oh, that's alright. Thank you" She said with a sparkle in her limpid blue eyes that Leon had never seen in anyone else before. Maybe it was that, that drew him to her. She seemed unremarkable in nearly every other way, but in a way that seemed deliberate. As if she was trying to hide something amazing about herself from the outside world.

"I'm Andrew" said Dante extending his hand with the palm facing a little more upward than someone who would be shaking the hand of a person they just met. He knew her hands were soft. He knew she would place her delicate fingers in his palm and he would close his hand around them. With no small amount of luck, or tremendous amount of luck if any of his past attempts were any indication, he'd hold her hand every day. "Isabel" she responded.

It was a dance he'd done countless times before and he knew each step of each beat. He was a virtuoso at this point. After days upon weeks upon months of practice, he could do it from muscle memory. Asking the right questions, peaking the right interests, but not so much as to seem too good to be true or come off as a stalker who was just sizing up his next victim. "Are you thirsty? It's been a long day for me and I'm going to stop for a coffee. Would you care to join me?" With a bit of a snicker she replied "No thank you, I need to be on my way. I've got a few projects I need to get the ball rolling on." The glisten he saw in her eyes, like a lens flare in a movie made the hair on his neck stand. "Oh.. well.. It was nice talking to you Isabel. Sorry about earlier again." "Oh don't worry about it, have a nice day" she giggled and went on her way.

Defeated he walked into the coffee shop, so as to not seem as if it was all a wholly concocted scheme. "Fuck me!" Duke thought to himself. "I look like everything she likes in a guy! I share all her interests! I know practically everything about her! What more do I have to do!?"

"Maybe try being honest, and stop trying so hard Harvey Birdman. And by the way you're lucky I didn't crush you in my bathroom last week, SpiderMan. Don't be a perv. Oh, and lastly, I've been a gamer all my life. So don't think next time, when you say your name is Gordon Freeman that I won't get the reference."

Tim whipped his head around frantically! Running out of line and over to the window. There on the other side of the road stood Isabel with a twinkle in her eye and a smile that went from ear to ear.

"I'll see you next time, Luigi" she laughed. It was as if he could feel her breath on his ear. He watched in astonishment as she walked, unremarkably down the street, with her files in one hand and an ipod in the other.

Nathan smiled.


I try to do it differently each time; short with long hair, tall with a buzz-cut, black, white, Asian, Pacific Islander, optimism, nihilism. Not in any particular order, but never randomly either; I know what she likes. I've had a long time to figure her out- years and years.

When I first arrived in this city, a lonesome, weary traveller, I only hoped to find a home or, at the very least, some semblance of one. The thought of companionship hadn't crossed my mind in ages. When you have lived for as long as I have, after all the trials and failures I've  endured, it was difficult to maintain motivation. 
I was jaded and I was painfully aware of it. I had fallen into thinking that that would be my eternal, repetitious existence- but when my feet touched the concrete and my lungs took in the smog and my eyes rested upon this city, I found something so paradoxically complex and simple it intrigues me to this day- 
I found humanity and everything changed.

Humans are not completely different from the other bastions of civilization I have come across, but they hold a sort of social depth that I had never encountered before. My curiosity was immediately ravenous and seemingly overnight I joined in to the bustling cityscape; Routines, rituals; I made friends and my friends introduced me to coffee. Coffee! What a glorious, glorious thing! Coffee... that's how I met her.

After years of assimilating and joyous investigation of humanity I finally felt as though I was home. The centuries of wandering were over for me; I had found everything I was looking for- or so I thought. Then the day came when I decided to go to a new coffee shop. It was right around the corner the whole time since I arrived and I had never been! It's strange how things like that work out, but there I was, standing in line, trying to decide if I would try something new or go with a classic. She was behind the register. I was so preoccupied by what I was going to get I didn't even see her at first.

"May I have a white chocolate, raspberry mocha with six shots of espresso, please?", I asked when I stepped up to the counter, my gaze locked on the overhead menu searching for something I might flip-flop to.

"Wow, that's what I call a pick-me-up," she said through a chuckle. 

"Yeah," my eyes falling to meet hers; one green, one blue- fascinating, "I- I really like coffee."

She pushed a streak of blue hair behind her ear joining it with the rest of the ocean on her head, 
"Who doesn't!?", She said, beaming a smile that I felt with every nerve ending. "That will be..."

I was snared. Everyday after that I returned to that shop every chance I could. There was this inexplicable feeling I had that drove me to learn as much as I could about this anomaly- this woman. She must have been intrigued with me as well because after weeks of interactions at the shop, when I felt there was more to know- things that a patron could not ask from a clerk- I asked if she wanted to spend time together outside- anywhere doing anything- and she agreed! Walks through the park turned into lunches, lunches turned into dinners; before long, we were spending every day together. What started as research turned into bliss.

I had long since buried any feeling such as that and feeling it again made me forget the inevitable truth: all things end. One day, her hair colored changed; what was a calm ocean turned into a volcano of red and orange. The smile I had felt ripple through my body diminished, and then came the note:

"I'm sorry. Goodbye."

I have lost so many times. So many times I've picked up and moved- started over; a new town, a new country, new planet, new galaxy. This was a new situation. I wasn't going to give up- not yet. That's when I decided to change form. I had kept the same appearance the whole time I was in that city- I did it for her, but she didn't want that form. So I changed. Whole new me; whole new chance. I found her again, and again, and again- each new me found her and each new me lost her.

It's been countless years since I wandered into that coffee shop and I've tried countless versions of myself trying to hold on to this anomalous woman, but to no avail. In the past I would have moved on, but something keeps me in pursuit. Time has never been an issue for a being such as myself, but for her it's not so kind. Each time I change, I align my appearance to match her age, but I know it won't last forever. As long as we can share time, the pursuit is worth it.


He stared at the empty seat before him. She was gone again, rejecting him in record time. He wiped a tear from his eyes. For him, it had been barely a day since her funeral and that of his sons. He’d failed again. He never got used to it. No matter how many times.  

They were fated lovers that neither time nor death could separate and yet doomed to their own version of hell - he in his endless struggle to rewrite the ending that started it all and she in her blissful ignorance of their woven destiny. 

If only she could remember him. If she could remember the lifetimes they’d spent, the countless sleepless nights entwined beneath the stars dreaming of growing old together. And the children they shared - would share, again. 

He remembered them, too. They were his personal burden, memories and pain that only he knew existed. He bore it willingly, no matter the grief that inevitably fell to him alone to bear. 

He glanced at his watch, the time was about right. He needed to get back to the machine. The machine that was both a curse and a blessing. He would make it work this time. He’d try something else.

He hailed a cab outside the restaurant. As he rode through the rain swept streets of the city he silently hoped the next jump would bring him to someone a bit more to her liking. 

A short while later he was back in his lab. The machine sat before him, humming in its usual patient manner. With a quick motion he adjusted the knobs, as he had done so many times before, and gripped the conductive rods to either side. 

The humming grew in intensity. The building around him began to shake. He grimaced as electricity coursed through his body. He squeezed his eyes shut as he held on to the machine with all his might. 

His last thoughts before the pain overwhelmed him was of her. He would start again. And this time would be the last.


Delilah hung up her jacket and took off her shoes. Another dud date. This one was cute. Almost as though he was made to be her type. Tall, dark hair, subtly muscular.  And only one dimple. He checked off all the boxes too. He worked as an EMT, bleeding heart type. He liked classic rock and k-pop. Game of Thrones and Gilmore Girls were his go to TV shows (what were the odds of that one). But when they had kissed at the end of the date it just felt flat. No fireworks. Delilah had been through swaths of men and none of them compared to that first love. The one that got away.

&nbsp;
She put her curly brown hair into a ponytail and took out her contacts. She sighed after putting on her arm flannel pajamas. She shaved her legs for nothing. Again. How many had she gone through now? Twenty? She had been using online dating most recently. There were a lot of good options, firemen, doctors, professional athletes. But they all felt so fake. Like they were trying to be something they weren’t. 

&nbsp;
When she had first met Emmet she wasn’t interested at first. She didn’t usually go for small waifs like him. He had freckles like her and not even one dimple. Not to mention his wild red hair. But when they started to speak at a mutual friends’ party it just clicked. She felt like she could speak to him forever. Sure he hated Gilmore Girls and worked as an accountant for a faceless corporation, but he was kind and when he touched her hair. Fireworks. They dated for eight months. And for those months she was truly happy. They would play punch buggy or watch a movie just to make fun of it. They just fit. But one day, Emmet said he couldn’t do it anymore. She never fully understood why he was breaking up with her. He said something about meeting other people and being physically compatible. But she had always been attracted to him. So maybe he just wasn’t into her. No fireworks. 

&nbsp;
As Delilah watched TV she thought of the string of men that had followed. First there was Bruce, the hottie at the gym. She had given him the side eye even when she was with Emmet. He asked her out not even two days after her break up. It was like he knew she was freshly single. At first she said no; she was in too much pain. But a rebound friend with benefits situation did help. For a short while at least. And while he was hot and very good in bed, he felt fake. No fireworks.

&nbsp;
She had dated the doctor for three months. He worked in pediatrics so of course she had to give him a try. But even though she wanted so badly to fall in love him, she soon realized she didn’t. Then there was the cook, the rocker, the one covered in tattoos, the one without any tattoos at all. Sometimes they went on a couple dates, sometimes more. But she had gotten almost good and sliding out of their lives when she realized that spark wasn’t there. Or that she wasn’t over Emmet. Sometimes one of them would bite his lip like Emmet did. Or she would see freckles on his cheeks for just a moment. Or their laugh would get shrill like his always did. Sometimes she felt like she saw him in every one of them. But they weren’t him. So they weren’t good enough. 

&nbsp;
Delilah sighed and looked over to her phone lying next to her on her couch. She wished she still had Emmet’s number, but he had changed it long ago. It was like he had completely disappeared. Maybe she would see him again one day.

&nbsp;

Emmet shifted back from tall and burly to his natural size as soon as he reached his apartment. This version had not worked either. He thought Delilah liked buff men. And he mentioned every favorite song and TV show he could without raising suspicion. But he could tell from the look in her eyes that she wouldn’t call this one back. What was he doing wrong? He brushed his fingers through his red hair and bit his lip. He would win Delilah’s heart again. But how?


&nbsp;

Edit: More added below. Thanks for the encouragement. ;)


"I don't know... I just got out of a relationship and need to figure out myself first. I think I'm just looking to be friends right now."

That same line every time. What a pallid lie it was. I kept trying to imitate what I thought she liked and every time it felt like I had gotten closer, but it never stuck. We'd always end up taking this same stupid walk near her house and she'd stop by this same shitty bench and she'd say those same words, give a small hug and disappear into the distance. Ironic, for a man who could be anyone or theoretically do anything to end up in this Groundhog Day-esque scenario over and over.... and over. A few forms ago I got to a fourth date with her and we made out a bit, but she had stopped me and we had gone on this same walk in the end anyways.

I slunk sadly back to my apartment, thinking about the disappointing night. My approach had gotten more refined- tattoos on arms, glasses, a little muscular but slim seemed to be the most consistent- and personality I hadn't gotten down yet either. Currently I was rotating through skin colors and hair texture to see if that made a difference. I don't think it did, really. I would throw something in from a few forms ago every now and then - large biceps and gym rat personality had gotten to a third date, but ended up as broken as all the previous ones. Nothing but those same words and that ridiculous sorry look on her face.

Shutting the door once I was inside, I set myself down in my office chair and grabbed my camera, snapping a selfie on the old-fashioned polaroid and began taking notes on the back. I suppose my detailed process had forced the second room in my apartment to look a little bit erratic, sure. But I had to document my progress and notes on what seemed to have an effect and what didn't, I couldn't keep track otherwise. My walls were plastered with polaroids of my different forms, copious information about her and her preferences. I don't like feeling like a creep, but I needed her, and I needed her to need me. 

I went to my fridge, grabbed a beer and my newest notebook, and went back to my room to study. I was getting desperate. I kept trying to think of how to get closer, how to figure her out and get her to spill what exactly she was looking for in a romantic partner. I kept looking at my notes covering the walls, trying to figure out what I could do differently.

And suddenly I had a thought. Maybe when I was a man I was just too intimidating... she did keep herself more veiled around them. Perhaps if I could approach her- just as a friend- she would come to share more with me over time, and then I could get it right later. I changed forms again.

I knew she had that open art workshop on Thursday nights, so I spent all of Wednesday and late into the night practicing with my new voice to get every nuance down. 

When I arrived at the class, I could feel my heart beating in my chest. I hoped this would finally be the time she could learn to talk more with me, and hopefully in a few more forms I would have it down and I would finally be perfect for her. 

I tried to not look over, to be nonchalant for once. 

She stood there at the entrance with her easel in hand, quietly sipping on her coffee, and wandered over and took the empty seat next to me. 

She greeted me, I tried out my new higher voice and we talked on and off as we worked on our pieces, her asking me questions about myself with vigor. This was working, for once. I'd spend a bit more time getting to know her, then take that information and be the man she always wanted.

But then I saw a look in her eyes I hadn't seen before. She smiled coyly. "Wanna grab a drink later?"

I mean, that did explain a lot, in retrospect. For someone who prided himself on being observant, evidently I missed this one. 

At the bar and several cosmos in, I was losing coherency as she told me story after story I had never heard. The tension between us was palpable... The woman I wanted and knew so much about was melting before me and flirting like never before. She finally suggested we head back somewhere more private... I said my apartment was just around the corner in my drunken stupor, and she dragged me out of there by my arm. 

This was it. I felt myself trembling as we barely sloshed home to my apartment. I kept stumbling. I don't think my alcohol tolerance had caught up to me in my smaller body now.

"Waitwait", I barely slurred out once inside my door, "Leeetme tidy up my bed, njust a second."

I threw my clothes, trash and every other unkempt item in the room hastily into my closet, and went back out to get her.

But she stood further up the hall, at the doorway to my second bedroom, looking inside and frozen in fear.


"You look *incredible*," I said, snapping a picture and handing Dani's phone back. "No filter necessary. James won't know what hit him."

Dani nodded absently, her eyes already glazing over as her thumb tapped over the surface of her screen. "Thanks, Tanya. You said he rides a motorcycle, right?"

My heart sank: I had seen this level of disinterest uncountable times in the past few years, and already I could see how the date would go: James would make his dashing arrival on his motorcycle (but wearing a helmet, gloves, and leather jacket; Dani hated recklessness). In the bar (a nice cocktail bar, she liked to be treated but hated to feel pressure) he'd order a bottle of white wine and some stuffed mushrooms, his tongue already tying in knots as he realized she had already found something in him wanting, because no matter how nice Dani tried to be, she was just too easy to read. Or maybe she was only easy to read for me, because I wasn't only Tanya, her best friend, I was going to be James in less than two hours, and I'd been Mark and Jose and Chris in the dates before that, and a war hero fifty years before that, and a merchant sailor two hundred years before that, and on and on, so far that I couldn't even remember my original body, gender, or name. Half the time I wasn't even sure I had been born a human, but every year that passed I became certain that it didn't matter: the immortality and the shapeshifting had changed me so much that I certainly wouldn't die as one.

But Dani had changed all that. Ever since I, in the form of Tanya, had first met her at school, while pursuing my thirty-fourth degree, I'd found myself feeling alive again. I'd been with brilliant women, with beautiful women, with talented women, with powerful women, but never a woman as kind and compassionate as Dani. For the first time in centuries I'd begun using my powers for good again, instead of just slipping through existence as unobtrusively as possible. We'd become friends, we'd become roommates, and for a while that had been enough. But not anymore.

In a last-ditch effort, I said, "Please, give him a chance, Dani. You're so cautious. Just live a little! Go with your gut! What if he's the one?"

Dani smiled. "I hope you didn't tell him I could be 'the one'. It's fun to get out in the city and meet new people but...I don't think I'm in a good place for a boyfriend."

"That's what you've said for years," I said. Dani had been dating a real asshole when I first met her, a prick who'd been with her since high school. Even though she hadn't seemed really traumatized by the breakup, she hadn't dated since. "You're young! You've got a good job, you're living in a beautiful city! I've set you up with some really amazing people!"

Dani laughed. "Maybe you've done too good a job, Tanya. If the next guy wasn't going to be so cool, maybe I could settle for the one I was with."

I shouldn't have snapped, but I hated it when she deflected. "I just want you to be happy, and have someone! You're not going to have this opportunity forever." I said it more bitterly than I meant, because I knew I was wrong: as long as Dani lived, she would have someone trying to be with her.

Dani's back stiffened. "Well, maybe you should date some of these awesome guys yourself, then, so you don't end up like me."

I couldn't hold back a smirk at that imagery. "Come on, Dani--"

But the smirk had only pissed her off more. "You know what, Tanya? Don't bother anymore. You can have them all to yourself. Just don't set me up with anyone again."

"But--d" I was stunned. I'd never seen such a rapid transformation in her before. This wasn't just about what I'd said, there was something else going on with her. And I knew it would be stupid to try and ask her as Tanya. I'd have to ask her as -- "James?"

"Oh, don't worry, I won't stand him up." Dani grabbed her purse. "I'm not *that* much of a bitch. I would tell you not to stay up but I don't think I'll be that late."

*

As James, I shut off my motorcycle and looked over the sidewalk, my eyes meeting Dani's and then looking away again, as if I wasn't entirely convinced it was her. I had a right to that thought; she'd undergone almost as big a transformation as I had, all her anger with Tanya gone from her face.

I needed time to build up trust, to find out what was actually going on with her, so I played it safe, smiling widely as I wrapped an arm around her shoulder (Dani found full-frontal hugs too intimate for a first meeting but thought a handshake too formal; thus, I always went for the three-second side-hug.) We made idle small talk as we placed our order, and I waited for any expression, any word that might clue me in to what she was actually feeling.

"So how'd you meet Tanya?" she asked after the waitress had dropped off our bottle of Chardonnay. "She never tells me how she meets people."

Her voice barely tightened around the name *Tanya*, but I could see that she was still angry. My stomach twisted. What if, in trying to make her fall in love with me, I wound up losing her friendship as well? "At a club down east," I said. "She's pretty fun. You've been friends for a while, right?"

"Yeah. Since college." Dani lifted her glass and swirled it, but didn't drink.

"I can tell she cares a lot about you," I said. "You wouldn't believe all the questions she asked making sure I was good enough for you."

"Yeah." Dani sighed. "She's got *great* taste." Then, realizing what she'd said, "I'm sorry. You seem really great. She's just...clueless."

The sarcasm was so obvious that I couldn't let it go. "Are you guys OK?"

"Yeah." Dani sounded so defeated that my stomach twisted again. Tanya was the shape and attitude in which I felt most comfortable. I liked to think that she was pretty similar to who I'd been originally; it was so easy for me to be her that the thought of Dani not being friends with her anymore was almost a worse rejection than the scores I'd experienced as the dates.

"Yeah," Dani said again. "We're OK. Just, OK. I guess that's got to be good enough. Look, I...this isn't going to go anywhere, OK? I think I owe it to you to tell you that as soon as I can."

I said, "Yeah. I figured."

"I'm sorry. I just..." Putting her glass down, she twisted her hands around her napkin. "...I think I go on all these dates because each time I hope maybe something magical will happen, and I can get over all the other bullshit but...that won't happen. I just have to accept both sides of the coin. I'm not going to get over it, and Tanya, she...she isn't ever going to feel the same."

My jaw dropped. "*Tanya*?"

She nodded. "Yeah. Sometimes I think there's something there, but she just keeps sending me on dates with everyone else in the world. I get so angry, but it's not her fault; she just wants me to be...."

She was so caught up in her napkin that she didn't notice me transforming until the sentence was almost done. James fell away. Tanya resurfaced. Dani's eyes widened. "...happy," she whispered.

I said, "I'm sorry. I...I'm an idiot."

Dani's mouth opened and closed several times. She reached for her glass of wine and found the bottle instead, but still almost drained it. Then she took a deep breath.

"Do you want to go back home?" she asked.


I have this recurring dream where my alarm clock is blaring and I open my eyes to see my parents still alive in front of me. My father breathes without the oxygen tank that he had carried around with him for the last six years of his life. My mother’s withering grey curls are a luscious blonde and her cheeks are once again plump and red. She slides her fingertips down my cheek, smiling.

“Did you sleep well?” she asks. “Are you awake?”

And right before I respond, I wake. My psychologist says that I lack closure, that I still haven’t gotten over their deaths. But I disagree. Their deaths weren’t tragic. Well, of course all deaths are tragic, especially deaths of parents. But my father slipped quietly away into the night on his favorite chair and my mother died holding my hand, surrounded by family who loved her dearly.

They each had funerals, wakes, and other remembrances. I had an annual tradition of bringing my grandkids to their grave so I could take another shot of whiskey with my father and give my mother lilies as gold as her hair.

Still, my psychologist tells me that a part of me hasn’t yet accepted their death. I want to tell him that I’m eighty-four years old and only here because three grandkids and two children of my own don’t fill the long stretches of silence in my life. They visit, often. But a man still gets lonely. So I don’t tell him. I entertain him, nodding my head and humming as he tells me how to live out the rest of my year or so (being optimistic) as best as I can.

“It might not be their death,” he tells me. “It might just be death in general. You haven’t accepted it.”

To which, I smile and nod. It is the polite thing to do. The impolite thing would be to burst out laughing at the thirty year old man recently engaged telling an eighty-four year old about embracing death. I accepted my own mortality very long ago. So once again, I entertain him. I barrage him with questions he could never hope to answer and he does his best.

“It won’t hurt,” he tells me. “You’ll find peace. It’ll be like gently letting go and slipping away to whatever next world you believe in. Like falling asleep. Isn’t that nice? When you close your eyes and you gently fall asleep.”

“Promise it won’t hurt?” I ask.

He gives me a smile teeming with confidence, as if he knew anything. “I promise.”

His words play back to me whenever I go to sleep. And every night, I drift further into my dream. It becomes that much more real. The beeping. The parents. The fingertips. It feels more real than reality, as if my whole life had simply been the dream of a nine year old boy still asleep, but unable to wake.

“Did you sleep well?” I hear my mother ask. “Are you awake?”

I open my eyes, expecting to see my popcorn ceiling and revolving wood fan. Instead, I see my mother, her golden locks curling at her shoulders and her fingertips brushing my cheek.

“Did you have a nice dream?” she asks, tears filling her eyes.

I give her a nod and turn toward the alarm clock. It’s not an alarm clock, but a heartbeat monitor. My father stands beside it, his eyes constantly shifting from the monitor to me. He crosses his arms and presses his lips into a thin line.

“It won’t hurt,” he says, a tremor in his voice. “You’ll find peace. Like falling asleep.”

I give him a nod as well. “Or waking up from a long dream,” I tell him, my voice barely a whisper. It's all I can  manage.

My father covers his mouth and chokes on his breath. His shoulders heave. My mother squeezes my hand and presses her lips against it. “Good night, sweet prince," she whispers. "Sweet dreams."


---

---

/r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and 200+ stories already written!


The young man shooting me startled me such that I woke up. Waking up startled was enough to wake me up. Waking up after waking up startled after having been shot shocked me into waking up. Waking up after feeling the shock of having woken up startled after being shot woke me up with a start. Waking up with a start after having woken up shocked after waking up startled after having been shot made me wake up in a panic. 

I started to notice a pattern. That being said, it took a long while before I could calm my nerves enough to stay asleep. Awake? Whatever. My mouth was incredibly dry and my head did not have the common decency to cease its incessant pounding. In my state of pain I rolled over in my bed to discover a woman that I did not recognize. Her body was bare and the area around us smelled of booze. Wait, did I have a hangover? That can't be right, I stopped drinking 20 years ago. 

I stumbled over discarded bottles of liquor to my bathroom and turned the light on. It was the old lighting fixture, the one I replaced at least a decade ago. My aching brain and eyes took an indecent amount of time to adjust to the sudden shift in light. The man in the mirror was one I long since forgot. Young, and wasting away his youth with whores and alcohol. A man with a house freshly inherited from his recently deceased parents, and instead of honoring them by making something of himself he worked dead end jobs to fund his meager bills and attempts to wash away life. This couldn't be.

I tripped on myself and fell, landing on my head such that it caused me to wake up. Not again.

I calmed my nerves yet again, after a long cycle of waking up, to find that the sun was peaking through my room. Morning. I took a look at my surroundings. Posters of metal bands, clothes lazily displaced throughout the abode, and an old alarm clock that read 6:47 AM in annoying red text. Only a few minutes before I used to wake up for high-school. That meant... no, it couldn't.

After running into the kitchen, trying to keep my heart from causing another wake up, I found them. My parents. Still very much alive and surprised to see me awake on time. This was it, my second chance. I could finally make something of myself while my parents are still around, make them not die thinking I was a waste of life. Better, I may be able to protect them, stop them form dying of carbon monoxide poisoning while I was away at my friend's house for the weekend!

I'm still not entirely sure if my fits of waking up are some kind of hallucination or not but one thing is made clear; I know some events that happen in the future. So far things have changed a bit based on my shift in actions from when I last remember but certain big events remain constant. Another thing is also certain, if ever I panic or die, I wake up on the previous day. Again, I am unsure if these are hallucinations or not. I can stop myself from cyclically waking up now though, as I have learned to calm my nerves on a dime. 

Here it is, though, my second chance.


Sorry if things seem sloppy, I saw this and wanted to respond after work but I am tired now. I dunno, if I get enough demand I'll revise and expand upon it when I get a spare moment. Thank's for reading, criticism and comments are welcome. Thank's for the cool prompt, OP.
Edit: formatting hotfix 
Edit 2: Thanks for the feedback and kind words, lads and lasses!


"Hey, watch it!" 

I turn to see her. The brakes on the lorry scream and hiss. She reaches me, tries to push me -- but the lorry-

Darkness.

Light. 

A staccato drum beat of blinding white, and in it, I see her again. Just, passing her in the street, but she turns to look at me and I catch a glimpse of her long hair pulled back into a pony tail.

"Run," she whispers.


The drum beats again. The library.

"Run?" I repeat stupidly.

She puts a finger to her soft, red lips. "*Shh - listen.*" 

And again it beats.

It's as if I'm watching a flipbook of Polaroid snapshots. And she's in each and every one. I'm at a bar, nursing a full pint of lager. A tap on my shoulder.

 "When."

A motel room, paint curling off the mouldy wall. She's lying naked on the bed. "You."

The drum beats.

I'm on the street dressed in rags, holding a can in my hands. She walks by and flicks a coin into the can, jingling as it settles. "Awake."


A blurry city street is rushing up toward my face. I'm falling. I've jumped off a building and I'm falling! I hear a shout from above.  

"Run!"


---

I gasp, straining for breath as I stumble out of... *something*. I lurch forward, fall onto my knees and wretch. There's no more drumbeat. No more blinding light. Just the vile stench of piss and vomit. The cold of concrete beneath my bare legs. Reality. I look at the machine I fell out of.  It's like a sarcophagus, only full of wires and neon lights. I feel them tug on my back. I reach behind me and snap the wires away from my skin, wincing in pain each time.

*Run*, I hear the voice in my head whisper. I remember... 

I'm about to start, when I see the face through the steamed window of the sarcophagus next to mine.

I try to pull it open, prying my long nails into the slight gap, but they're brittle and snap easily. I look around the huge, metal room. It's like a warehouse, not lined with cardboard boxes, but with sarcophagi. There are metal lockers on the other side of the warehouse. I sprint over to them and fling them open, one after another, until I find a screwdriver.

I smash the metal against the viewing glass. It cracks. I push the glass inward with my hand, and it falls through gently. 

Her eyes open, as a mist of smoke creeps out of the window; I hear a sharp intake of breath. Then she too vomits.

There are voices. People are coming!

"Push it!" I command her, but she's dazed. "Push!"

This time she listens. I pry the metal screwdriver back into the gap and push it as if its a crowbar. Together,  we manage to inch it open. I get my fingers in the gap, and as my muscles strain and fingers turn blue, I open it enough for her to slide out of.

"You- you shouldn't have woken me," she says, grabbing my hand and pulling me away from the voices.

"Where are we?" I ask as we run. 

"In an experiment."

"An experimen-"

She leads me around a corner, where three men wait with guns in their hands.

"Shit! I'm sorry" she says as she looks at me with pity. "I tried to warn you. If you'd just ran without me... Now, you'll have to wake up."

"I dont-"  I hear the gunshot,  but I barely register the bullet. 


---

"Welcome back, sleeper," she says. She's wearing a white lab coat and glasses, hovering over me as she scribbles notes in a black journal. I'm in some kind of laboratory. She looks older now. Her hair grey and face lined. The room is bright and my head pounds.

I'm lying prone on a table, restraints on my neck and joints. I struggle,  writhing pointlessly. 

"Who are you?" I ask, once I realise my situation is hopeless.

"Doctor Magill," she says with a patient smile.

"And me?"

"You don't have a name. I call you patient zero."

"Patient?"

"Yes. But we're all patients really. You're just the first we've cured. I hope one day, when I'm long gone, my offspring will be dreaming by your side."

"*Cured...*"

She sighs. "You must understand, all people are sick. It's the human condition. We don't live long lives like you have done. We live just a day, born with the knowledge of our ancestors, and then, we age and die. A single day. But all that changes with you....  You are proof that we can all live forever, almost, in dreams. A place where time becomes relative. So we paused your body and just let you dream." 

"I don't understand."

She bites her tongue as she thinks. "Would you rather live eighty years in a dream, or a single day in reality?"

"...I would want the choice."

"That's something I can't give you." She scowls and throws her arms up in the air. "This is a fucking mess!" 

She takes a handful of deep breaths, calming a little. "I didn't want to wake you at all. And if you'd only run like I'd told you... They couldn't have woken you, if they couldn't catch you." She frowns, her face looks pained.

"But now you are awake..." she continues, pulling a lever.  There's a frantic whirring sound as a blur of metal instruments come down from the ceiling, plummeting toward my face. 

She looks at a long mirror in the wall. Her head drops.

"I'm so sorry. Truly. My family has been watching your dreams for years. Talking to you through them. Why did I have to be the one alive when you finally woke?"

She glances at the window again.  "But they need to know how the drugs affected your brain. I'll try to... leave something of you. I promise. Now, I need you to forget me, or even if you live, they won't let you sleep again."

I scream as the jagged blade begins to slice into my head.

"Why couldn't you just run?"


---

"Good morning," says the woman behind the counter. She's pretty, with a blonde ponytail and thick, black rimmed glasses. She looks kind of familar. 


 "Coffee?" she asks. She's looking at me strangely, as if seeing into my soul through looking-glass eyes. It's a questioning look.


"Just a decaf," I say, massaging my head. "Got a hell of a headache. I feel like death."

"It'll pass, hun. You'll be okay." 

"You new here?" I ask. "You're not the usual lady."

"First day on the job! Parents' have lived around here for generations, though.

She smiles at me, and for some reason, I find it incredibly reassuring.


"Sixteen fucking years", I cry, "sixteen wasted years". I peer over to my alarm clock only to disappoint myself further; it reads: 3:46. What most people don't realise is that we are dreams deep in our lives, what we do doesn't matter. Well except not sleeping, hundreds of years ago science discovered how to keep us alive for more than one day. It was a simple solution: sleeping. That's right, all we had to do was sleep, easy enough. However I'm a terminal patient, I was born with things wrong in my brain, there are things the scientists can't explain. They call it "Insomnia" and I've had it since the age of five.

Usually I would take a few pills and that would send me under but my body must have a death wish; no matter how many pills I take my body rejects them all. The scientists go home at six so they can have dinner with their family and live another day. I often imagine how soothing it must be to wake fresh and ready to work; I'm not allowed to leave the hospital. I look around the pristine room for what  I don't know, I've been in here for eleven years but I've survived sixteen, nothing's changed in all my time. There's no windows, the door blends in with the walls, the alarm clock has -

I must cut myself off, the scientists told me not to use my brain to much, if I over stimulate my brain it's even harder for me to sleep. I just have to lie here hoping I can sleep... "SIX O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING!" How has three hours passed? Did I sleep? No the machine tells me I haven't slept in twenty three hours. I've only got one hour left. I'm going to do what any logically person would and bang my head of the walls in the hopes I'll knock myself out. I stand up and walk over to where I think the door is and start mercilessly bashing my forehead against it. I feel blood trickle down into my eyes but I can't stop now, I'm so close. I begin to cry again and slide down the wall, I'm not going to make it. There's only three quarters of an hour left, I've tried everything. 

Before I was admitted here my parents told me there were no monsters under my bed or in my closet, they said they were in my head. They were right, my mind is committing suicide without me and there's nothing I can do. Half an hour. I've accepted my fate, I've lived a good sixteen years. Oh, who am I kidding? I haven't seen the outside world in years, eleven to be exact. That's what I want! My last wish is to see the outside.

I begin knocking on the walls until I find a part that sounds hollow and begin kicking it in. This is exhilarating, why haven't I tried this before? One last hard kick against the 'wall' and it falls flat in front of me. Twenty minutes. I start running down the corridor without looking back. I reach the first pane of glass I see and look out: the sun is beginning to rise. It's so beautiful I stop for a moment. I quickly realise there's no time and head for the stairwell, I basically jump for landing to landing. For someone who hasn't ran in over eleven years I'm doing quite well. I reach the bottom floor and see a few of the scientists heading for the main entrance. I quickly try the door and head for cover, it's locked. Ten minutes. The scientists stand by the door smoking, don't they know that will kill them? They are taking forever. Five minutes. Finally one of them unlocks the door and I take my opportunity.

I barge past them and feel the outside air on my skin for what feels like the first time. I keep running and running. This sense of relief is worth the risk, in fact I run for eternity. I close my eyes and just keep running. Then I begin to feel it, my heart slows down and my legs seize up. I tumble to ground and turn to behind me. The building isn't even out of view before I let one last tear drop slide down from my eyes and onto the ground below. I lie down and await my death.


My eyes open. I don't want it to. I don't want to see what awaits me outside. But as I cross my fingers, hoping I'd come out alive, my hopes come true. I wake, back in my lab, as I look around. Everything is still the same. The same papers, the same machines, the same research. I sighed in relief. Not today, I guess. To die when I was that close to figuring out our lives would be devastating. The world needed my data, and I was so close to finishing it. I just had to avoid dying...somehow. I went back to the microscope, as I examined his brain one last time. I only had one chance at this, a chance selflessly granted to me by my old lab assistant. She was as devoted to the project as I was, and when I was worried over the lack of humans I could test on, she...

I wiped the tears fron my cheek. No. I had to stay strong and determined. This was humanity's last hope, the only way our lives could ever stay real. The household names everyone knew didn't change anything, except the collective universe we all dreamed in. In reality...only our day of birth can change anything. There could be endless amounts of creatures that haunted the real world and secrets yet unlearned. But we would never learn them, and ever come into contact with them, until our dreams became reality. Until the universe we'd imagined became a universe we made. And all I needed was the finish the extraction and learn how to modify the brain. I just needed the last piece, the part of the mind that made our vivid dreams. I was that close.

But I seemed to have misplaced it.

My old assistant's body lay on the bench, as I ran one last test through her. But I could not find that piece of the mind anywhere! I was sure that it was there when I ended work the day before. Had my mind constructed a dream somehow without it? I had no way of checking. But I couldn't find the final piece of the puzzle I so badly required.

Frantically, I clawed about my lab, desperately trying to find what I needed. It couldn't end like this! She would have died in vain! But as the day ended, my efforts were indeed wasted. Fear built up within me as I approached my bed, the same fear I had for the past 2 years, since the project begun. *What if I died now?*

I awoke. But I couldn't see the lab before me. I looked around, but that day passed. Another day passed. Instantly, I realized what this meant. I was dying. I couldn't do anything, as I was locked in position, forced to relive my last moments. In order, from the start of my life, I witnessed the happiness of my life, prior to my project's beginning. A deep feeling of nostalgia choked me, as well as regret. It was too soon... too soon had my time run out. Especially when I was so close... I watched the album of my life flip through before me, as I saw my assistant once again, her body limp on the floor. It was horrible to see my life's degeneration, a fact I'd never felt throughout my research. But as the grand finale came, my final few memories passing, I saw distinctly something I'd remembered.

The part of the brain. It was at the side of the room, in a small jar. I saw myself, the night before my death, passing by the jar in my frenzied search.

All the time... It'd been there, waiting...

And with a heart burdened with guilt, regret and remorse, I woke up for the final time.


Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6b55yn/the_weight_of_a_hero_part_2/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6b5hy0/the_weight_of_a_hero_part_3/) | [Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6b61h1/the_weight_of_a_hero_part_4/) | [Part 5](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6b74ri/the_weight_of_a_hero_part_5/) | [Part 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6bbwac/the_weight_of_a_hero_part_6/) | [Epilogue](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/6bbz9g/the_weight_of_a_hero_epilogue/)


---

A prank? Barack stared at the letter. If it was a prank, it was a damn good one. The signature was exquisite--looping and elongated, a near mirror image of JFK's real signature. Well, if someone went through this much effort for a simple joke, he might as well entertain them. 

He looked around to make sure neither his wife or daughter was around. He walked into the living room just in case and dialed the number.

It rang once and clicked. "Barack."

It was John's voice. For a second, Barack thought he was listening to old speeches played in fuzzy, warmly-colored screens.

"Who is this?" he asked.

"I'm John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States. The time to serve your nation is now."

"No, you're not," Barack said. This was getting less and less funny with every word. It wasn't that funny to begin with. "Impersonating a President in any serious attempt is a grave offense."

"Look outside." The call cut.

Barack peeled back the drapes and peeked through the blinds at a sunny May day. Standing at the end of his driveway, right outside his gate, was John F. Kennedy. A jet black limo sat behind the man. He beckoned Barack and slipped back inside the tinted windows of his car.

---

The 44th President of the United States gripped the cool brass doorknob. Already, sweat was accumulating on his hands and neck. This was dumb. He shouldn't go, he knew, but JFK had been a personal hero to him. It was under his leadership that humanity reached the moon, he stood up to Russia at the height of their power, he was a man Obama would've given anything to meet. And now he had the chance.

He opened the door and stepped into the sunlight.

Secret Service agents watched him go. None tried to stop him. They wouldn't even meet his eyes. The front gate opened like curtains in a stage play, revealing the jet black of JFK's limousine.

The car door swung open. Barack licked his arid lips and swallowed what little moisture he had in his mouth. He got in.

---

The hum of the car was the only noise between the two Presidents. Obama simply stared. JFK looked exactly like in the photos. The man hadn't aged. He tried scanning John's face for any misplaced flap of skin, any misdrawn shadow, anything to give away the mask. There were none.

The car stopped and suddenly, the windows flickered to black. They had been TV screens, projecting fake streets and pedestrians!

"Barack Obama," John said turning to face him.

From this up close, there was no mistaking who that voice belonged to.

"Why did you get into this car?"

Barack's eyes flitted to the locked doors on either side of him and then faced John directly. "You said it was time to serve my nation."

Neither man blinked. At last, John spoke, "Well answered Mr. President. But I'm afraid that was a lie."

Obama's heart skipped. He clutched his leg, but refused to show weakness in the face of his captor.

"It is not time to serve America, but humanity as a whole."

"What do you mean?"

"In 1961, I gave a speech called We Choose to go to the Moon. Are you familiar with it?"

Barack nodded. Most historians claimed that was the moment that a moon landing was inevitable. With a few choice words, John had mobilized the unstoppable force of human will to reach a land that had always looked down upon them.

"I gave that speech for a very specific reason. Humanity needed to ascend, but not to a physical place. Initial probes of the moon had returned an element we are unfamiliar with, but this is the element that has kept me young, it grants me certain abilities that I have not shared with the world."

"So you did get shot?"

"I also did die."

Barack chewed on his lips. If this was still a prank, it was far more elaborate than anything he'd ever experienced. "So what is this element?"

"One without a name and soon it will be the only element worth mentioning. The Russians know its there. The Chinese probably have some idea. Already, there are factions within both countries, powerful enough to influence their space program. These factions are not in the best interests of humanity."

"So what is it that you want from me?"

"You have proven your devotion to our nation through your eight grueling years of Presidency. Because of its secrecy, we cannot employ our strengths at full capacity, rather, we must do so through single people willing to live and die for the protection of the human race."

"Like some sort of super hero?"

"Not like. Barack Obama, there exists a game far greater than any petty foreign politics. The winner of this game will dictate the future of our race. If you decline my offer, I will drop you off back home and we will never speak again. But if you so choose to accept, you will have the crushing weight of the human race on your shoulders, you will have none of the gratitude or reward. It will be a path through hell itself. So ask not whether you wish to be a hero, but whether you can survive as one."

Obama clenched his jaw. He had his wife and two daughters to think of. He had finally retired from the most stressful period of his life. But he had become the President not to leave a legacy, but to fulfill his duty.

He nodded. "I accept."

The doors of the car unlocked and automatically opened. There would be no turning back now.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations of prompts by popular request, and more!


"Very funny, Michelle," Barack called into their new home, the letter in his hand. It has always been their tradition to out-prank each other when they move to a new place. JFK, alive? Barack chuckled as he folded the letter and placed it in his pocket. Michelle has got to come out with better pranks.

Barack closed the wooden door and walked into the hallway. Boxes of unopened stuff laid strewn across it. Eight years of presidency had bestowed him countless of possession.

"Michelle?" Barack called out again, suddenly noticing the silence in the house. Just a few moments ago, he still heard the voices of Sasha and Malia giggling from the living room, while their mother asked them about their dinner choices. Except for Barack's footsteps on the floor, the air hung still. 

Something did not feel right.

"Michelle? Sasha? Malia?" Barack shouted this time, his voice mixed with a tinge of worry. This was not a prank that the girls usually play on him. His hand clutched the letter in his pocket. 

"I am afraid that your wife and daughters are no longer in the house," a voice behind him suddenly said. Barack yelled as he swerved around. Standing between him and the door he just closed, stood a figure whom he has only seen on books and television.

"Martin Luther King," Barack whispered, unable to believe what his eyes were seeing. He had seen his share of crazy things in his eight years of presidency, but coming face to face with dead figures was something he never expected.

Martin chuckled at Barack's response. "Yes, that is correct." He extended his hand to Barack. "And it's an honour to finally meet you, Mr President."

Barrak took Martin's hand and shook it. He straightened himself, assuming the straight posture he was well known for. Being in the presence of legends required the courtesy, though he still struggled to hide the surprise in his face. "The pleasure is mine, Dr King. Forgive me, but I must ask-"

"Your family is safe with us, Barack. And yes, the letter in your pocket is indeed from President Kennedy," Martin interjected. 

"If I may, can you just walk me through what's going on here?" Barack gestured with his hands. He was feeling confused, as well as slightly taken aback. Nothing prepared him for this. 

Martin sensed the unease that Barack felt. It was understandable. When Gandhi first appeared to him, he could not sleep for days. He placed a hand on Barack's shoulder. What he was about to say to Barack would be far worse than meeting dead people. "Barack, listen here, I am here to tell you that in a few weeks time, you'll be assassinated."

Barack flinched an eyebrow. "What?" Surely he was dreaming. The stress of the past eight years must have finally got to him.

The strength of Martin's hand on him, however, felt real. Martin gave Barack a sympathetic smile, just like how Gandhi had done so to him. "Yes, I am afraid so. This is just how things are supposed to work. Before you start your real job."

"Don't I get a say in this?" Barack questioned. He had been looking forward to some time off after his presidency. Another job was just out of the question. He could only lose so much hair.

Martin however, shook his head. "Barack, I am sorry, but it wouldn't be possible. My boss will not let it."

"And who is your boss, if I may ask?"

Martin Luther King smiled at the question, as if it was the question he had been waiting for Barack to ask since they first met. "His name is Jesus."

-------------

*Edited Barrack to Barack and Mr King to Dr King. Thanks for the pointer!*

/r/dori_tales


Former president Barack Obama put down the receiver of the pay phone. What he
just heard was either the work of a single completely crazy person or ... He
didn't want to think about the part that came after the *or*. Whatever came
after the *or* was weirder than everything he seen in eight years in
Office.

Barack turned to the Secret Service agent who waited at a safe distance. Safe
to not be able to overhear anything his charge had said, unsafe for anybody who
tried to harm said charge.

"Agent Higgins, I have to apologize for what will happen next."

"Sir?"

"Please open the trunk. I need my bag."

While the agent fetched the single black sports bag that occupied the luggage
compartment of the limousine, the former president patted his pockets. He
retrieved his keys, the phone and his wallet. Before Higgins could close the
lid, Barack dropped the items in the trunk.

"Thank you, Higgins," he said and took the bag.

He turned back to the pay phone. After two steps, he stopped, removed his belt and
handed it to the agent.

Barack dialed the number again. This was the third time and he had already
memorized it.

Agent Higgins didn't see his charge disappearing. His line of sight was
blocked by the lid of the truck, or so his report claimed. He'd rather work
through financial files in a dark, lonely basement for the rest of his career
that to admit the person he was supposed to protect was sucked into the
receiver of a pay phone, at three a.m., in an empty parking lot in Olney, MD.

* * * * *

"Call me John", a voice said, "Here, sit down."

Barack was shoved into an armchair. The world began to spin.

"If he chucks, you clean it up, Johnny-Boy," said a raspy voice from the
other end of the room.

"How's the dizziness," John asked.

"What happened?"

"You have been teleported," John said. "That's why we needed you to get rid of
all the metal on your person."

"Where am I? Am I still on planet Earth?"

"What did you tell him, Johnny? You know, they don't like it when we tell them over
the phone," the man in the corner said. He sounded angry, and a little bit
scared.

"I told him what he needs to know to get here. Nothing more," JFK said.

"I told you, he's a clever one," he added.

"Pfff," was the only comment from the corner.

"Where am I," Barack insisted.

"New Mexico."

"Roswell is in New Mexico. This is about aliens!"

"All in due time," John said. "But yes, this is about aliens. Do you remember
everything from the Book?"

"Errm, yes."

"Fine. Remember chapter thirteen?"

"Johnny! Remember the agreement. I'll do the talking, you'll do the chores,"
came the voice from the corner.

For the first time, Barack could see the room clearly. He sat in an armchair.
The chair was one of four items of furniture in an otherwise empty room. Two
identical armchairs and a small coffee table completed the arrangement. The
telephone through which he had arrived was the only piece of electronics. At
least, the only visible piece of electronics.

JFK had sat down in the empty chair. The third one was occupied by a tall,
thin man. He seemed vaguely familiar to Barack, like a high-school buddy that
you meet in the restroom of a dive bar, two weeks before the twenty-fifth
reunion. Like in that situation, the silence continued. Like in that
situation, it became awkward.

"Do you know who I am," the man in the corner finally asked.

Barack shook his head. To his surprise, the nausea was gone.

"You owe me five dollars if you don't say my name in the next few seconds."

"Lincoln? Abraham Lincoln? That's impossible. You are dead."

"The assassination made it all more believable. I didn't have the convenience
of a twenty-second amendment like you kid."

A snort came from the direction of JFK.

"I meant, you must be over 200 years old now!"

"Ah, that. Sorry, it's easy to forget if you're as busy as I am."

"How? How are you not dead? You haven't aged a day," Barack said.

"If I say, *alien technology*, is that sufficient?"

Barack was silent for a moment, then nodded. Chapter thirteen had mentioned
advances in medicine. Among other things. Teleportation was mentioned too.
That it involved communication equipment had been left out.

"Well, let me get to the point quickly. We are all busy here," Lincoln said.

"You have been chosen because you were deemed to be very capable during your
apprenticeship," he said.

"He means your presidency," JFK said.

"My presidency was an apprenticeship? For what job?"

"The one we're about to offer you, if either of you kids let me explain,"
Lincoln said.

"You mastered your three tests very well, the council decided. Against my
vote, kid, that you know it. Although I admit that healthcare reform of yours was a
noble cause. Anyway, the council has decided that you are fit for a real job."

Obama was quiet. Lincoln noticed it and continued.

"We offer you another presidency, of course. There is a world that requires a
leader and you are that leader. If you accept, you can be in office tomorrow."

"President of the World? I knew it! There is a secret government!"

JFK sighed. "A world, not the World, capital *W*. You have been trained to be
president of a planet called Smeyenope. It's somewhere in the constellation of
Cygnus, I believe."

"Cygnus? Who are you guys? How can you do that," Barack asked.

"We're the Council of Presidents. We have been appointed by the Council of
Presidents, which in turn has been appointed the Council of Presidents.
You'll get the differences later, when you will be asked to join the Council.
For now, it is sufficient to know that temporal anomalies are not as puzzling
as they sounds right now. As to how: Earth has been created as a training planet
for all sorts of jobs. Presidents, policemen, bakers, scientists, and so on."

"Training? This was all an exercise? I ordered the death of people!"

"Well," Lincoln said, "It was their test too."

"Those who survived will fight for us in the War. As Abe said, we'll explain
that later. Right now, you have to choose if you want the job or not," John
said.

"What about my family?"

"We'll arrange everything. If they want to come, we'll relocate them. If not,
we take care of that too. Our android surrogates are quite convincing. They
will not notice the difference. Neither will you if you decide that you want
one for your wife. However, I was informed that the women of Smeyenope have
their own, very special charm," JFK said.

"What are my duties? What are my powers?"

"You govern. That's it. Ensure that the planet runs smoothly, that it fulfils
its trade obligations. Decide this, order that. Basically the same things you
did as POTUS, but with two differences: You don't have an army at your
disposal and you can't leave. For the next thousand years, Smeyenope is your
problem. Anything else is up to you. Be a dictator, be an advisor. The Council
doesn't care as long as the export quota is met."

"A thousand years?"

Lincoln nodded. "After that, we'll see how you're doing."

Barack was quiet for a moment. JFK regarded him, then said, "If you need time
..."

"No," Barack said and looked up, "I'm good. I'll do it."

JFK smiled a little 'I told you so' smile in Lincoln's direction. He handed
Barack a slip of paper.

"Good. Take your bag and dial this number. It'll bring you to the Genetic
Adaption Facility in orbit around Smeyenope."

"Genetic Adaption Facility? What do these aliens look like?"

"No idea," Lincoln said, "It's a water planet, that's all I know."

"Water planet? You mean, I'll be president over a planet full of fish?"

"Unlikely," JFK said, "The most common pattern among sentient water species is
the squid. At least my people are."

With a often-practised motion, JFK reached behind his back and pulled
something down. The sound of a zipper was audible. After a second, his skin
looked like it was loose. John shrugged like a man who took off a diving suit.

Barack had to sit down again after Kennedy's skin dropped to the ground. The
purple skin was not the problem, nor the ten writhing tentacles. Neither was
the prospect of living underwater. The problem was, he didn't know how Michelle
would react.

President of a planet. The most powerful man of the world for a thousand
years. There was no choice actually and the Council knew that when they had chosen him.

After a second, Barack Obama began to dial.


Obama slowly lowers the letter as a drop of sweat starts to slide down his forehead, his heart pounding.

"Michelle." He says. "I have to step out for a minute. I'll be right back, you can go back to sleep." She mumbled something in return, but it wasn't coherent enough to understand.

Obama walks outside with his phone and the letter, and begins to dial the number. Before he types the last digit, he shuts his phone off and grabs his head with both hands in stress. This call could mean anything, after all. Obama paces back and forth while alternating rubbing his sweaty hands together and wiping the sweat off his forehead, as he smokes a cigarette he lit to help with stress. When the cigarette burns out he tosses it to the ground, steps on it to extinguish the flame, and tells himself simply "you can do this Barack. You were the president of the United States, for gods sake. TWICE." With that, he picked up the phone.

"Hello Barack." A voice said, before Obama had even said anything. "We've been expecting your call." 

"Who is this?" Obama sternly asked. 

"As the letter said, this is JFK. We have a job for you. Meet us on the corner of East and Third at 0300 hours Tuesday of next week. Come alone, and tell no one what you're doing. Tell no one about this call. Tell no one about the letter. We will know if you talk. Do not talk."

"B-but wait..." Obama stuttered. "Next Tuesday is my wife's birthday..." 

"We are aware of that, Barack. Sacrifices have to be made in order to succeed." Replied the strange voice. Whoever it is was, they were definitely using a voice changer. Obama started to think, and he couldn't even tell if he had been talking to a man or a woman.

Days pass. Obama stressed uncontrollably over this, worried about what might happen, and worried more about how his wife would feel if he for any reason missed her birthday. He had no choice, though. He had to go to that meeting, to discover what this was all about.

The time has come.

Obama slowly walks to the stop sign on the corner of East and Third, at 0300 hours, on the correct day. Everything was as he was told. He received another call.

"Barack." The voice said. "Do not move. Do not make a sound. Do not even lower the phone from your face." Before Obama could ask why, he noticed multiple bright dots shimmering on his body. Snipers, no doubt. Obama didn't dare move. For two whole hours he was forced to sit like this.

At the dawn of the third hour, the lasers disappeared. A black unmarked car drove up to where he was sitting. He heard a voice that told him to approach the vehicle, but to not get in.

Obama walked up to the window, and stuff waiting for what might happen next.



The window rolled down.




"HAHAHAHAHA!" laughed Biden. "You should have seen all the faces you made! Oh and how stressed you looked! You seemed like you were gonna have a heart attack! HAHAHAHAHA!"

"Joe?" Replied Obama, angrily. "I don't understand. Explain, now."

"Easy, easy." Said Biden. "It was just a prank bro! Just a little joke! You know. Leave a mystery letter, give out mysterious instructions, have you sit in an uncomfortable posture for THREE HOURS. IT WAS HILARIOUS!"

"I don't understand." Obama looked puzzled. "What about all the threats? Why drag me out here at this time and day, and on my wife's birthday no less?"

Biden continued to explain, still laughing. "Because it's FUNNY! You were so freaked out! I'm sure you're more afraid to go home now than before, because your wife will be waking up any moment now to an empty bed, which is the BEST PART! AHAHAHAHA!" 

Obama wanted to hit Biden. "But what about JFK? Why the blocked caller IDs? Why would you do this?"

Biden continued to laugh. "JFK? JFK?! That was your only hint you bozo - Just F$:king Kidding! Because it was a joke! What, did you think this had something to do with the old president? It's dead, Jim. I mean Barack."

Obama was so outraged at this point. He could no longer think of anything to say, so he didn't. He turned around and walked away, fearing how his wife might act when she learns the truth. He hadn't spoken of it, but she had noticed him acting awfully weird the last week. 

"Biden." Obama thought to himself. "I will have my revenge."


To be continued in Pranking Obama 2: Electric Boogaloo


I could hardly breath.

"What is this?" I muttered to the guard detail with me.
"I don't know, sir. I suggest we take it the FBI, and they will deal with it." He responded cooly.

I hated that idea. I wasn't the president anymore, I want to be able to live a little. But I knew it wasn't a suggestion, it was a command. But my curiosity was too great. I took a picture of the number quickly, hopefully without someone noticing, and I gave it to the agent. He took it, and nodded promptly.

I darted for the living room, alone, and called the number. I waited, and I waited, but it kept ringing. I was getting anxious and I was almost sure this whole thing was a joke. But...then something picked up.

"Hello, sir." 

It was muffled, sort of distant, and quite ominous. I was tempted to hang up. I have a family, I can't be meddling in danger.

"...um." I said, I was to scared to think properly.

"Listen, I know this is a bit of a shock to you, I mean honestly, you've seen the clip I'm sure, that bullet went right through my head! But trust me Barack, the world is more complicated than it seemed."

Whoever...whatever that was almost laughed saying that. It sort of reassured me, maybe this is the real JFK.

"Okay Barack, nothing jibber jabber, you're a busy man, I would know. Hah! Anyways, I want you to meet me at that airport named after me, you'll know where to go when you get there. I expect to see you there by noon. See you soon ol' pal!"

*Click*

That was it, he hung up. I was in a nervous sweat. I didn't know what to do. As far as I knew, this was a terrorist. But that voice sounded EXACTLY like JFK. And against everything I ever knew. Without consulting my wife, my kids, my security detail, I packed my bags.

This better be JFK.


I uhhh, showed up, to the address I received after calling the number on the letter. It was a small, squalid country home, a bit dilapidated.

I cautiously approached the porch, and the porch light came on, seemingly by itself. I knocked.

There was a creaking sound and the door opened. An eye peered out at me.

"Password?" The owner of the staring eye asked.

"Uh, I uh, don't recall a password." I said.

"Good, there was none" 

The door shut for a second, then opened fully to reveal a slightly shadowed figure.

"Come in" the voice said solemnly.

"You probably won't fully recognize me, due to the incident, but I assure you it's me," he said.

"You're really John F. Kennedy?" I questioned.

He stopped and turned. I could just make out his face... It sure looked like the pictures.

"In the flesh!" He exclaimed with sudden cheer.

"And I have an exciting opportunity for you, as I said in the letter." John continued, while raising his hand to presumably a light switch.

"Which is?" I pressed.

The lights came on, and I could see a few folding chairs in a row, and there was podium to my front-right, next to a glowing projector screen that said "Welcome Barack!" In the chairs were a few people, who looked oddly similar to Tupac Shakur, Elvis Presley, and the sketch of D.B Cooper.

John proclaimed proudly, "Welcome to the exciting world of House Flipping, where you can make 6 figures on your OWN time!"


Barack smiled when he saw it. This was the sort of sense of humour Sasha had when she was a kid. She wasn't a kid anymore, a fact he had come to find out the difficult way. He had been on the business end of an angsty rant from her earlier that afternoon. 

Maybe this was the way she was going to make it up to him, by playing a prank. He strode towards the kitchen and shouted out;

"Sasha, I just got the strangest no..."

It was like the ice bucket challenge all over again; his entire system went freezing cold then burning hot. Standing in the middle of his kitchen was some sort of waxwork figure of JFK. It looked like a composite of every picture he had seen of Kennedy. 

There were two things that stood out though. He was wearing a modern suit. It looked like Savile Row, and his eyes. His eyes were the most piercing green coming into yellow around the iris. 

He bent double with his hands on his knees. This was a laugh he needed. This was one elaborate prank. He bounced across the floor to the figure, and immediately inspected his face. Incredible craftsmanship went into this. Instinctively he looked for the ipad to take a selfie, but he remembered he carried a phone now. 

He whipped it out and took one with a cheesy grin. He reached out to touch the skin on his face and pulled it out. It was really elastic.

"Are you quite finished" snapped the figure sending Barrack stumbling backwards knocking a nespresso machine with his elbow. He held it together for a second and began laughing again. 

"Holy shit it talks," Barrack said waving his hand in front of the figures face. 

The figure slapped him straight across the face.

"Have you any god damn idea who I am young man," spat Kennedy in his New England draw.

Barrack tried to speak but nothing came out, but rather sat there with his mouth ajar.

"Oh for god's sake you're not idiot too are you?"

Obama tried again but only managed one word;
"Too?"

"Well no offence but your not exactly my first choice."

Obama shook his head. This couldn't be happening. He swung on his heels and headed for the hallway.

"Barry where are you going?"

"I'm sorry Mr. President..."

"Jack."

"I'm sorry...Jack...but I appear to be having a stroke, so I'm going to go have a lie down."

"Ok."

Obama left the kitchen in shock, ascended the stairs, and climbed into bed with his clothes still on, complete with shoes. He rolled over.

"Hi there." JFK hazel eyes met Barrack's.

"Am I dead?" Obama asked

"No."

"But you are right?"

"Yes and No."

"This sounds like there is going to be some long convoluted explanation for how the hell I am looking at you right now so can you just skip to that please." Barrack said sitting up. Kennedy followed.

"Sure." The two stared at each other for a moment.

"Now would be nice."

"Oh right sorry. Are you familiar with the Illuminati?"

"The tinfoil hat brigade were right! The illuminati are real!"

JFK exploded into laughter

"No I'm just fucking with you. You know anything about quantum mechanics and the many worlds theory?"

Barrack kept calm usually. He would have been briefed by an advisor about the topic before a conversation. Those were the days.

"No I don't."

"Ok well in brief there are many alternate parallel timelines to this one. In this one, I was killed in Dallas in 1963 right?"

Barrack nodded

"Well I come from a similar timeline, except before my assassination, which was in Maine by the way, I was rescued."

"By who?"

"Well do you know what the grand filter is?"

"Like on instagram?"

JFK stared at him sternly.

"No I don’t."

"Every civilisation eventually gets powerful enough to destroy itself. It's our job to make sure that civilisation gets through this filter in as many timelines as possible."

"Why?"

"I don’t know, it's above my pay grade."

"So you are like an intergalactic police force?"

"We call ourselves breachers, and we are more like a super secret group of spies. Also we don’t go into space. Before you get your hopes up."

"And if I say no?"

"Remember what happened me in Dallas in 63?"

Obama swallowed hard. 

"Remember ask not what your species can do for you."

Barrack swung his legs to the floor.

"Ok." He said gravely.

"Cheer up man, we're gonna have tons of fun, and pick up loads of chicks." JFK said putting on a pair of Wayfarer sunglasses.

"Eh I'm married."

Kennedy laughed and looked at Barrack confused.

"So am I."


Barack stared at the letter for a moment,"for fucks sake Donald" he muttered. He could tell it was Donald the gold sharpie and orange stain gave it away. He stood up and went into his office shaking his head in disappointment and began writing dear Donald this is the third letter this week please stop it's not funny and you're ruining my country." He sealed the letter in an envelope and put it in the post.


"So you're telling me that every US President is still alive?"

"Oh heavens no, Barack." John chuckled. "They are all very much dead. Anyone saying otherwise is technically committing treason. The the existence of the Dead President Society is a state secret that is protected in the constitution. You'd be surprised what you can hide in a document no one actually reads all the way through."

"But are they all here?" Barack asked, rephrasing the question to avoid word games.

"Only those with remarkable abilities. Which, surprisingly, is most of them."

"So... Lincoln?"

"Alive. You probably know him as Bill Nye."

"What?" Obama stopped walking, doing a double take.

"Don't tell me you never suspected? The bone structure didn't give it away?"

"So do dead presidents do that often, set up personas in plain sight?"

"Sometimes."

The two walked in silence for a while before Barack's curiosity bubbled over. "So what exactly do we do."

"The DPS mainly focusses our efforts into protection of the American People from threats both Paranormal and Extraterrestrial. Knowing this, you have two options. One, you wake up with no recollection of this, the note, any of it. You can go back to your retirement and enjoy it in peace. Or two, you join us. You will no longer exist. You will officially be dead, but you will see things beyond your wildest dreams or nightmares... what do you say?"


I knew exactly what that letter meant on the bedside table.
"Michelle!", I yelled. "Emergency, Emergency! Lay back!"

We laid back down on our bed and the straps automatically held us down. I thought of the scene in 'The Goonies' when they slide down to the pirate ship. But, I had no idea where our tunnel would lead. We just slid.

The tunnel was dim, but lit the whole way down. Ups and downs, curves, and loop-d-loops. Eventually we started slowing down and surprisingly, we drop again. Out of the tunnel and into the 1960's Batmobile. My Michelle and I looked at each other, smile, and we put on our masks.

I couldn't hear her scream as I peeled away towards the symbol on the sky. 

[edit] Dedicated to Batman's real creator, Bill Finger. Deleted a sentence.


I've wanted to get into writing for a while now, my first attempt a writing since school!


Contemplating how much easier his life had been since Donald Trump took over, Barack rolled over to kiss Michelle as he does like clockwork every morning. Something caught his eye this morning. On the bedside table he saw a note. In the corner was a small symbol.

"I've seen that before" He thought. "But where?"

It slowly came into focus until he realised, it's the presidential seal! What could Trump want from him that required such an official means of communication. He reached over, grabbed the note and unfolded it. Briefly skimming through a signature caught his eye. It was identical to JFK's. 

The note read "I hope you've had a chance to relax Barack...but pack your bags and call the number below. It's time to start the real job." 

It must have been Michelle playing another joke on him. Ever since his retirement the two found themselves with so much free time that they had resorted to playing silly pranks on each other. The jokes had started to become more an more elaborate recently. Just last week Barack had got the whole family in on a joke that he in fact was never the President. After a quick google search Michelle quickly debunked this, however. 

"I'll play along he thought"

Barack proceeded to dial the number written on the bottom. It seemed to ring longer than normal.

"Not committed at all" He thought. "Oh we-"

"-Hello?... *Hello!?* Barack, is that you?" whispered a worried voice.

"Yes, speaking. 

.

.

.

Hang on, Joe, is that you? She's got you in on this too!?"

"Dammit Barack, the accent wasn't enough to throw you off?"

"We spent enough time together, do you think you could fool me so easily? Ha! Nice try, say hi to Jill for me and I'll see you tonight, yeah?"

"Sure thing, see you later."

As Barack hung up the smile on his face grew wider, already plotting his next prank. He realised the room had grown eerily silent, however. He could no longer hear Michelle's truffle pig impression. In fact, she was no longer in the room. 

A shadow caught his eye in the doorway. A male silhouette with slightly coiffed hair and behind a female, slightly frail looking silhouette with shortish hair.


Without missing a beat Obama grabbed his phone and shot off a text, "Joe did you get one?!"

"Of course, everyone knows we do everything together"

"Boy I hope they don't send this to everyone 😜"
"He would have to make it through the presidency first, that ain't gonna happen!l"

"Especially not with what I've got on these tapes lol."

"Lol don't say that he probably is monitoring our phones."

"Trueee see you in 10 brotha"

"Should we match???"

"Is that even a question"


He sets the letter down.
"Aw, hell no," as he slips on a pair of sunglasses from under the covers.
He emerges from his bed doing a double front flip and fully clothed in a sharkskin suit.  "I gotta call the Wolf.  Yo, Wolf!"
And Wolf Blitzer busts into the room, "Did anyone call for the Blitzer?!"  
And, I dunno, they create more bureaucracy or something.


I look at the letter and like the millions of other letters that come across my desk, I disregard it. Minutes later, my phone rings from an unknown number.

"Hello"? 

"Why did you toss the letter away?"-JFK

I look around for cameras.

"Biden"?

"It's Kennedy. Just as the letter stated!"-JFK

"Goodbye'

"WAIT"-JFK

"What?"

"I know you know this is real. I know the moment you stepped in the White House, you knew there was more to this world.  I want to show you what you've been feeling"- JFK

I say nothing.

"Go outside and step into the black limo"- JFK

I  hang up. Thirty minutes of contemplating, I step out of my house holding a bag and look left and right before spotting the limo. I walk into the backseat after the driver opens the door for me.

"Where are we going?"

The driver doesn't respond. I don't find the urge to ask any more questions. I don't feel nervous. I feel ready. After an hour of driving, I let the curtains down and see space. I see planets that I've never heard of. Finally, we land and I'm greeted by JFK himself.

"Did you enjoy your simulation?"-JFK.


G'day and welcome to the Myth Hunter. Today, I'm going after the stone salamander of Seneca. Oh, looks like we've got one.  'Ere we have the rare basilisk. Crikey, this ones a giant in'it he? Now the thing you've got to remember with basilisks is, if they stare you straight in the eye, yer turned to solid rock. So the best thing to do with these is to wear a blindfold 'round ya head. Now that I've got mine on, I can start to wrangle it. 

Whatcha wannado with these critters is get low to the ground while you approach em. Now they're going to- oof, yea- to try and rear up at ya. Once you hear that screech you've got to go in at em. Grab em right- c'mon there ya go- right here, right under the front two legs. Keep your head Low, it'll try and nip ya, but it can't bend its neck far enough. 

Shh, shh, calm girl calm. Now we can safely remove the blindfold, as we keep her eyes pointed safely in the sky. Ya can see this ones a girl cause of the crystal 'tween her eyes. Males don't got that 'tween their eyes, just real thick, thick, eyebrow ridges. As a secondary weapon the basilisk has these thick claws, take a look 'ere. Each ones about a quarter inch thick and hard as granite. Teeth too, once bit straight through my sternum. Lucky I'm dead else it've put me out of commission. 

Alright, time to let her go now. You've got to put your blindfold back on and toss her back quick. I'm going to push off in 3.....2......1....go go go go, alright c'mon. Looks like shes stopped following now and- wassat? Zoom in over there. Crickey, shes got a little runt with her. Definitely the smallest of her litter, little guy must only be about a foot long. S'allright to look at 'im. Poor lil guy wont open his eyes for 'nother month at least. For now he's sticking close to mommy for protection. The young climb on their mothers back for protection from threats. For the first three months of their lives they're effectively defenseless against predators, specially weasels. 

God. That's just absolutely beautiful. Watching mother and son go into the sunset together. Nature's majesty right before us. Thanks all for tuning in, catch me here next week when we go after the elusive jackalope, the mirage of the midwest. G'night!


"G'day! Today we'll be bushwackin' round the 'lysian Fields! Some of you may recognize the name from *Greek Mythology!* Keep your eyes peeled, because you never know what we may find out here...it could be the ghost of Hercules, or the spirit of Prometheus, or...


"Crikey, would you take a look at this! This is a rare sight indeed. What we have here is a Cyclops! Like many creatures, the Cyclops is quite misunderstood. Few of 'em are given the chance to be heroes, but looks like our friend heah made the cut! Good on ya, mate!


"The main way to tell a cyclops from anywhere else is to sneak up behind 'em and stick a finger in their bum! If they react at all, they're probably a Cyclops!


"Of course, I'm kiddin' - a little gallows humor from beyond the grave. Nah, the Cyclops is recognized by the single eye plopped smack in the middle of 'is forehead! Not many know that Cyclops means 'circle eye' - cycle like bicycle!


"Now, what I usually do with Cykes is I pull out my spell book of *white magic*. You can also get by with any kind of flame-enchanted blade - a flame saber, or a Scimitar of the Salamander People - typical kit you can get at any Afterlife Exploration store.


"But I love the classics. So I've got my turtle shell heah, an' some sheep gut. This is sheep gut from the Chios sheep but really any breed'll do. We'll show you how to do this yourself later in the episode. And as I strum this melody...our friend heah's gonna go right ta sleep! 


"Now that 'e's down for a snooze, we can get a closer look. Wouldya look at some of these markings - blimey! These're from arrowheads, up heah, an' if I had ta guess I'd say they're from a fight with *Argonauts*. An' here's a spot where the poor fella's been done with a speah or two - ouch!


"Ooo...I'm gonna very quickly activate my amulet now, which gives me an *Aura of Benificence*. And it's got nothin' ta do with our one-eyed friend here...and everything to do with the sudden *chillin' of my blood.* Which tells me that there's...ah, yup, I see 'im! I'll just step outta the way...


"I hope you can see this at home - this spectral form with two glowin' eyes is known as a *wraith.* An' I have ta say, ya never want ta get too close to them - as they may *drain you of all happiness* and *consume your eternal soul.* Doesn't sound too pleasant, does it?


"But I'm just going ta cast a quick *binding charm*, and then we'll get right up next to the fella. Ooo, look out! Looks like my charm wasn't completely effective - look at 'im go! But as I strengthen the ephemeral restraints, he'll slowly realize there's no escape. 


"Wraiths have a bad reputation from folks blunderin' into their habitat an' often disturbing the *site of their Earthly remains.* Nothin' 'll get these ghosties fired up more quickly then steppin' on their graves. They're nocturnal, though, sleepin' most of the day and comin' out ta go on walkabout at night. Best way to steer clear: avoid old cemeteries, 'specially after dark.


"Now I'm gonna back away from 'im slowly, and release my magical hold. We'll let the ghostie float on back to 'is crypt, and that's that.


"Speakin' o' which, it's 'bout time I head back ta *my* crypt. We'll have to save the lyre lesson 'til next time. For Ethereal Planet, I'm Steve Irwin, an' thanks for watchin' Afterlife Hunter!"

* * * 

*Edit for formatting and because Steve forgot to tell the viewer how to make their own lyre.*


G'day friends, my name's Steve Irwin, and you're watchin' Crocodile Hunter! Today we're going on an adventure to the Australian Outback, my homeland. Nothing better than wrangling a kangaroo, right mate? 

But we're not after any kangaroos today, no. We're going to find ourselves... a *drop bear*. These lovely buggers are a tad bit like the koala, but with the attitude of a pissed off crocodile. You gotta be careful when you handle 'em, that is if you can even get close enough. Now, what makes a drop bear different from his cousin the koala is his predatory nature. A koala spends his afternoons munching on eucalyptus leaves, but a drop bear, a drop bear has a hankering for human flesh, especially the face. There're too many stories floating about out there in the great beyond about a clueless tourist losing his face to a drop bear. Tsk tsk. They might look cuddly mate, but they'll chew your face off faster than you can shout "blimey!"

We're gonna have t'be careful when we see one. Usually, you can spot yourself a drop bear lolly-gagging in the tree branches, but it's best you make sure he can't see you. Look. Over there, to the left. See him? That's a drop bear. Looks like we've got a baby one. That's not a good sign-- mama shouldn't be too far off. Let's try 'n get a closer look.

Now, it's important to keep your distance and use proper technique when approaching a drop bear. Luckily, your buddy Steve here's a certified drop bear handler. Not an honor to be taken lightly. So, first thing you're gonna wanna do when wrangling yourself a drop bear is cover up your face. The face is the drop bear's favorite point of attack, so you need to be prepared. In the wild, a startled drop bear will indiscriminately shred face. We've got ourselves a handy ski mask here, not too easy to find down under, eh? Any face covering will do, but you're gonna want to avoid disguising yourself as anything a drop bear might decide he fancies for lunch.

Now that my face is properly hidden, I can think about getting closer to the drop bear. I'm standing underneath him right about now, but I don't think he sees me yet. When dealing with drop bears, you need to make yourself known. Let's yell at him.
"Eh drop bear!"
Crikey! We got his attention now. Look at the way he's descending from his perch. Any second now, he'll drop right to the ground. That's how the drop bear gets 'is name. Isn't nature amazing?

Alright, so now we've got our buddy the drop bear right where we want him. Let's jump on it! Crikey, he's a fighter. When you tackle a drop bear, you want to position your face away from his teeth and grab him under the chin, like this. I don't know about you mate, but I favor keeping my face. Now that we've got him pinned, you can see the little guy relaxing. Don't be fooled mate, the drop bear is a sneaky little bugger. He'll jump right up at a moment's notice, so you got to keep your eye on him. Let's get a better look at his teeth. See how sharp those are? In the wild, the drop bear uses those wily fangs of his to incapacitate any unfortunate creature that happens under his branch. Our buddy sure is cute, but he's dangerous, and it's not right to interfere with a wild animal's day to day activities. At least not too much. Let's say goodbye to our friend the drop bear. Take it easy, little bugger!

Next, join me as I journey off to the American Southwest in search of a legendary beast, the chupacabra. A wolf-like menace so dangerous, and so elusive, everyone who's tried to capture one has found themselves a drained, bloodless husk. Join us next time, only on Discovery. 

Edit: spelling


Now everyone knows that old quote about the most dangerous game being man right? I don't really believe in it for a variety of reasons. It implies that animals can't be as smart if not smarter, that man should not respect anything that is not man. Most of all the quote references hunting, something I only approve of in the most dire of circumstances to improve the overall health of the ecosystem.




Now, that all said and done, the quote comes to mind today because of what we're hunting. The doppelganger, aka. Me, I'm gonna go over to it and see if we can't get it to change into me.




Now, there are several varieties of these things.
You've got the sort that only have one form or at the very least keep one form. These are the subspecies called Mimics, most of em are carnivorous but can last years without a meal and subsist entirely off the moisture in the air.



What we're looking for is called a Ditto.
Harmless for the most part until in panics and struggles around.
Most doppelgangers don't like to show off their default form and try to blend into their surroundings. The Ditto however is happy to socialize in it's pink neutral state and will only transform when threatened..... let's see if we can sneak up on this one and get a closer look, and he's a beauty, a bit smaller then usual but it's relatively unimportant to a creature that can.... Uh oh, he's seen me!




Wait... he's turned into the camera man!



"CRIKEY BRUCE He's even got your camera!"


...and then no pain, just a floating sensation. The kind that you get when take off, being pushed into your seat as the nose of the plane points towards the clouds.
I was conscious of my surroundings, but confused. I couldn't see anything but knew everything was there. 
The giant gate came out if nowhere, like a white monolith situated in the densest of cloud.
The left side swung open and a whisper of harps could be heard as I moved closer to the open gate I could see people running as a herd.
Almost animalistic as they pushed and shoved each other, I'd only ever seen anything like it on TV when birds fly together and black out the sky.
Then it appeared, a frameless image at least 100ft square.
80 percent of the screen was Steve Irwin's face. He gave the happiest of winks towards me and then a series of images flashed on screen.
A booming voice played over the images:
"Come see Steve take on the wildest of creatures. Megladon the seas largest killer.
Cthulu 8 arms ain't got nothing on Steve, Bigfoot has been spotted and Steve's not happy.
I joined the flocking crowd and descended into the auditorium below the giant image of Steve.
As I glanced back the glimmer in his eyes and his smile was infectious. I was home.

*Sorry for grammar mistakes I'm terrible at stuff like this*


The black velvet curtains snapped and whirled around as the heat and wind permeated through their faded fabric. While hiding him from the gaze of those who have gathered in the pantheon they did little to hide the smell of sulfur emanating from the pit just on the other side. Steve opened and closed his scarred, aging hands. Callused, cracked, and scabbed, they ached. The fingernails held a slight crust of blood under them. Dirt intermingled and entwined on the hairs on his knuckles. One more he said under his breath. Just one more. As he held up his hand to the faint candle, he could feel it shaking. There were no smiles in this place, no happiness. He knew what awaited him should he fail again. A veiled figure filled out from the darkness. No steps could be heard, as if he floated above the damp stone floor of the holding pit in the pantheon. A dark crimson robed arm reached forward and put a black, dead hand upon his back. Steve's shoulders instinctively raised, as if to guard not from a hand, but from a blow. Where the hand lay on his khaki shirt, the skin below felt cold, as if being burned by ice. Behind the darkness of the vail a voice whispered out,  "This is your last one. Tie this creature up, and you will be free. 12 has been your number, and this will be your last. Fail, and you must start again." Steve's hand opened one more time, as if he had won his prize already. As is he could already feel his child's hand folding into his palm once again. He reached out for the black curtain, and pulled it aside, stepping into the light, the feeling of his child's hand slipping once again from his mind.


It was, more often than not, the smiley ones I watched out for. While I checked their IDs, their gazes would frequently flicker over to their friends for support. The more jittery among them would chatter away with quotes plucked directly from the latest Fortune magazine or how "buying their own place was the best thing to happen to them". If only they knew they weren't the only ones saying those things ...

Inevitably, after about fifteen seconds of my careful, silent scrutiny of their spotless plastic cards, the first tracks of sweat would begin to appear on their foreheads. Their conversations would die down, and the fidgeting multiply. The desperate ones would say, with frequent glances over my shoulder at doorway through which pulsing lights and throbbing music emerged, "Could we, uh, hurry up? Our friends are waiting for us inside."

"I'm sorry, but you're underage. This ID isn't valid," I said.

Sometimes, I wished I could just tell them the truth—that I could identify crap-all about them from the card. The printed numbers meant little against the large , glimmering digits floating above their heads. It'd taken me several childhood years and the help of a mirror to figure them out, but they made me damned good at my job.

"This can't be right," the young man said, jaws tightening even as a visible, nervous shudder coursed through his body.

"I'm guessing, seventeen?" I almost laughed at his shocked expression. Jerking my thumb toward his older male companion, I said, "Your brother'll just have to take you elsewhere."

"C'mon, let's go," the other man said, pulling him out and shooting me one last dirty look.

Such was the life of a street-level NYC bouncer. As I was writing down the ID's details on a register, I heard the clicking of heels approach. Next moment, a slim, small hand slid an ID card onto my podium.

I looked up and did a double-take—literally jumping back a step. She was pretty, more girl-next-door than supermodel, with loose auburn hair hanging to her shoulders framing a lean face. About five feet tall, she wore a tight-fitting black dress that terminated at mid-thigh, though her figure wasn't anything more spectacular than I'd been seeing for the past hour or so.

So, your typical college girl lookalike ... but for the number above her head.

Three thousand and nine.

What. The. Hell.

"There might be an issue with your age," I blurted before I could stop myself.

"Excuse me?" she said in a faintly European accent. Other than her mouth, the rest of her hadn't moved at all—even the fingers clutching the purse in front of her were like cold marble. I could feel goosebumps popping up on my arms as I reached for her ID.

"Sorry, just give me a moment to check," I said, darting furtive looks at the age number above her head as though I expected it to change at any time. I'd never been wrong before; perhaps this was the first time?

Her name was Helena Ricci. Born here in the US twenty-two years ago. I ran the scanner over it. Clean. Shit.

"Er, I'll need just a moment to register you into our system," I said.

"Take your time. I've got plenty," she said. Her eyes remained cold above her smile.

Once the process was complete, I handed the card back to her. "Have a pleasant evening."

She took the card and stalked off into the club. I felt tempted to go after her—so many questions were in my head—but that would mean revealing my gift. And one didn't go around spouting such nonsense so easily, so my dad had warned me.

So I threw my attention back to the impatient and growing line of patrons waiting for me.

***

The hours flew by. I kept an eye out for Helena among the clubbers trickling out. Once, I thought I saw her in the midst of a small group of men, who went and lounged by a Levante parked not far away. They smoked for a while before returning to the club.

At about four in the morning, when activity was visibly slowing down, she left the club, flashing me a grin on the way. That, more than anything, helped make up my mind.

"Helena," I called, jogging from my post to catch up to her. "I've got something I want to ask you."

She paused in her step, but maintained her distance out of my arm's reach. "Yes?"

I tore my eyes away from her numbers and met her searching gaze. "How old are you?"

She snorted. "Really? We're still not over this?"

"I can see people's ages, above their heads," I said in a rush. "I've always been able to—since I was a child. And I see that you're—"

"Quiet!" she snapped, looking around almost fearfully. "You must be dreaming, or imagining things. I'm only twenty-two, recently graduated—"

"That's bullshit," I said. "I've never been wrong. I know what I see. And I'm most definitely not high or anything."

She scoffed. "Stay away from me, mister. I've got Mace here in my purse." With that, she hurried away.

"I told you my secret. Don't I deserve a little truth from you?" I said.

She stopped in her tracks and turned her head halfway. "I never agreed to a trade."

"I won't say anything to anyone, I promise," I said. "I just—seeing you is almost the same as NASA revealing that alien life exists on the Moon or something. Can't you imagine what it's like for me?"

For a long time, she remained quiet. I could almost see the gears turning in her head. At last, she said softly, "Fine. Come, I'll show you."

Elated, I followed. She didn't speak to me as we traversed the silent, shadowy streets, but I held my tongue as well. If I asked one question too many, she could turn me away.

About fifteen minutes later, we arrived at an unmarked red door in a back alley, sandwiched between two dumpsters. I frowned at our surroundings, suddenly realizing that if she wanted to rob me—or worse—I wouldn't be discovered until the next week probably.

She knocked on the door, but instead of a rapping sound, musical notes floated from somewhere inside. Then, it swung open to reveal a heavily bearded giant of a man. His fierce gaze took one look at Helena before his expression melted with warmth, and he wrapped his arms around her.

"Who is this?" he said.

"With luck, someone smart enough to keep his life," she said.

I tried not to gulp as the man held out a brick-like hand for me to shake. "I'm Olander," he said.

"I'm Jeff, pleased to—holy crap, you're over a thousand years old," I said.

He blinked in astonishment. "How did you know? Oh, Helena, what have you brought us?"

"He might be useful. Shall we go in?" she said.

Olander led us into a long, stone tunnel with an arched ceiling. It looked extremely cramped for the big man, but he hunched his shoulders in a manner that indicated familiarity. The two of them spoke in a language I didn't know. Somewhere in the distance, there was a constant gush of water—perhaps we were near one of the city's waterways?

Moments later, we reached another door, this one made entirely of solid, carved wood. I had only begun to marvel at its surface when Olander pushed it in and revealed the chamber within.

I gaped, open-mouthed, at the twelve Roman columns supporting a ceiling of painted frescoes, spaced around the cavernous place lit by huge chandeliers and colorful wall-mounted lanterns. In the center of the room was a fountain almost ten feet tall, crystalline water spilling from the top into three descending circular pools and sparkling with light.

People of various races and attire filled the room, mingling in small groups; eating from the buffet tables, drinking, admiring paintings hanging on a section of wall, or listening to an orchestral quartet on a small stage.

And above all, I was stunned at the numbers everywhere. Two thousand and eighty-two. One thousand five hundred. One thousand and six. Three—freaking three—thousand, seven hundred and forty-four.

"How?" I stammered. "What is this?"

Helena didn't answer except to point at the fountain. And then it dawned one me. Before I could inquire further, she pulled me back out of the chamber into the tunnel.

"Would you be interested in a new job here at our club?" she said.

"I, er ... what job?"

"Doorman." She sighed. "You see, we can't have too many of ... us ... running around the world. Defeats the purpose of actively staying out of the history books, if you know what I mean. Anyone below a thousand must not be allowed in—sometimes, it's really hard to tell. But you already know that with your current job."

"I'll have to think about it," I said. My head felt like it was about to split apart. Those people ... some of their clothes looked like they predated writing. "Are there ... younger people ... trying to get in, too?"

"More than you know," she said in a grave tone. "Olander takes care of them, usually, but it's really insulting if you turn away the wrong patrons. And grudges can last for a long time with us."

"Well, you already know we have a great healthcare package, networking opportunities, insurance and investment returns. I won't pressure you to give me an answer tonight," she said, going to stand in the doorway. "Take your time. I'm in no hurry."

***

*Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed it. Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) if you'd like more stories.*

*Edit: Floored and extremely humbled by the reception. Again, thanks to all of you who read it and for the aurums. Now for news some might find disappointing ... I don't have plans to expand this for now, mostly because of time constraints, working on some ongoing projects. This story was intended to be a one-off—with a sense of unresolved mystery at the end that could allow readers to fill in the gaps with their own imagination. That said, I really appreciate your comments, feedback, critique, and most of all, support, which is why I'll give the plot some thought and work on it soon as I can. Also you won't have to buy it—I'll post the story for free on my sub :)*

*Edit v2: I'm outlining the plot. Will begin writing in a couple months. Hah, what a turnaround ...*


A man in a heavy trench coat with a thick beard approached the door. The number over his head, 1517. "Well, that's over 21" I thought. On his way through he tripped over the step and two dwarves toppled out of the coat. Their number were 15 and 17. "Nice try" I said, "no filthy dwarves in my good elvish bar."


"What the fuck" I thought to myself. This job was supposed to be boring, given my... powers. This wasn't supposed to happen. 

See, I was a bouncer at a bar. I wasn't the most imposing person but I had a unique trait. I could tell anyone's age without seeing a license. The numbers just kind of floated above their heads. I realized I was special at a young age when I asked my fourth grade teacher, mrs. Jimenez, why the new boy was three years older than all of us. We had to have a special meeting with the counselor and my parents. It freaked them out pretty bad when I was able to tell the counselor that I knew she was seven years older than she said (looking back I think she was trying to start a relationship with one of the younger teachers). It took a couple of years to learn to not notice and just live life but I managed to find a way to use it to my advantage when I got this job. 

I streamlined the front door, no wasting time carding people, usually I just stood next to Big Jake (he was a left tackle at the local college and an absolute mountain of a man) and told the underage kids to leave before they wasted our time.

Tonight was terrifying though. We expected a rough crowd once a month when we hosted fight night. It was common practice in rural Midwestern towns, usually one or two bars would set up a ring and let local fighters put on the nights entertainment. Typically fight night made us sell out of pbr and bud light, with exactly the crowd you'd expect. We always had to break up two or three extra curricular fights but it was no big deal to me, I never did the dirty work, I protected our liquor license. 

This man terrified me though, four digits were hovering over his head. I leaned into Jake and whispered "something's wrong, ask that guy for I.d."  The man didn't look strange, except his hair was straight out of the 80's, mutton chop sideburns and all. He wore a leather jacket over jeans.

The expression on Jakes face was pure confusion. He asked the man and he pulled out a Canadian passport, which was strange. It said he was in his 50s, which was also strange because he didn't look a day over 32. I didn't know what to do so we let him in. 

He caused no problems, he came to fight and ended up winning two matches and pocketed 200 bucks, drank two beers and left. He barely said a word.  The next day I tried to put him out of my mind. By a week later I had gotten past the shock of it and tried to move on, but the next day life got really strange. 
 
I was home for dinner with my parents when the doorbell rang. They answered and several minutes later my mother shouted for me to come into the sitting room. An old man in a wheelchair was sitting there and behind him stood five people, on of whom was the 1000 year old fighter. I was shaken as the old man began to speak, "hello James, my name is Charles Xavier. I believe you've already met my companion Logan..."


"Jesus Christ!"

"Shhh!!!!" The guy whispered with annoyance.  "I don't go by that these days.  Just here to pick up John.  He also doesn't go by that anymore.  These days, he's The Dude.  You'd think he'd mellow out after all these years, but he's still nuts.  Just let me grab his drunk ass and we'll be out of here.  And don't tell no one about meeting me.  I've heard enough horror stories from my buddy Elvis."

The End.


"28 today," you say to yourself looking in the mirror. Of course you know today is your birthday today, but it also helps that while looking at the mirror you noticed the number above your head changed from the [27] you saw yesterday.

You leave to go to the liquor store to pick up some booze and celebrate. While in line you see this scrawny kid two prople ahead of you. He looks really nervous, you laugj yo youself when you figure out why as you look above his head. [17]. The kid gets to the counter, hands the clerk his "ID," who says that he better run before he calls the police. The kid scurries away. 

It's always been a gift of yours to be able to see the age of people. Thanks to your gift it was pretty simple to find a job befitting of it to get out of doing some actual work. What better fit that a bouncer for a bar. Besides this gift you were also gifted with size, 6'6 and 300 lbs was another big help when applying to be a bouncer.

With your secret ability you became well known in town as THE bouncer. Sure you looked at ID's of anyone over 21, just to keep up appearences, but anyone you saw abover their head <21 you wouldn't even ask em for ID's you'd just laugh and tell them to leave. 

After a nice day drinking with friends you were unfortunately scheduled to work. Luckily things are going very smooth this night, no one <21. A couple hours pass and way down the line you see [31], [33], [11], [34], and you think to yourself, "seriously, someone is trying to bring their kid into this bar? Some people." In your state there is a bery clear law disallowing children to be in a bar unless it's a bar/restaurant, which your place was most certainly not. 

The line moves on and on and you get more annoyed prepping to confront this family. As they get closer you see the something is a miss. The [11] is just as tall if not taller than the other numbers you see. You can't quite see the kids face but you assume he's either a really lanky kid or he's getting a piggy back ride from daddy. You think the latter is more likely because the [11] is very close to the [34].

When the "kid" makes it to you your jaw drops. Standing in front of you was a man, dressed in sharp suit and nearly as tall as you, maybe 6'4. Above his head read [11....34].....[1134]. The silence of your stare was then broken, "You alright buddy?" You snap back to your senses, "yeah sorry about that, may I see your ID." The man gives you his ID and it clearly shows "34," you hold his ID for a while again your mind questioning what you saw. Never before have you doubted your powers, could they be off for once? Maybe the booze from earlier is still running its course, but I feel fine. Also I've never had a problem with the accuracy of my ability before when I've been drunk. Also I've read everyone elses accurately tonight as you always check ID's anyw...

"You know I'm lying about my age on there, don't you?" The man said snapping you out your train of thought. He takes his ID and goes to walk past you away from the entrance. As he passes you he whispers in your ear, "[1134] is right, meet me out back and I'll explain everything," and with that he leaves you mouth agape walking away down the alley next to the bar. 

You stand there for a sec frozen by what he said until the next guy says, "buddy you alright?" 
"No, sorry," and with that you page for someone to switch you out for a break. Your friend comes out and you go on your break. You go down the alleyway and popout behind the bar. Back there you see the only person there, the man in the trench coat.

"Glad you showed up."
The man steps closer to you and extends his bare hand for a handshake. You look down and nervously reach out to meet his. You grip his hand and he grips yours, only he keeps squeezing, harder, and harder. Your a big guy you're not about the be intimidated in a strength contest, and you start squeezing back. The man doesn't flinch and he begins squeeze even harder, he begins crushing your hand, it's your complete loss as you fall to your knees you hand limp yet still in this man's machine like hand. He eventually lets go and you bring your throbbing hand to your chest clutching it due to the pain of broken bones. 

"What are you?" You say through gritted teeth. The man crouches down to meet your gaze.
"The name's Egan, seeing the numbers are just the start of your abilities. Why do you think you would be able to see them?"
He pauses, as if looking for a response to his rhetorical question. Obviously you don't know why you were given this power.
Breaking the silence Egan says softly, "It's because you also have the ability to take theirs. Come with me and I'll teach you to become a god among mortals."
With that Egan stands up and reaches out his left hand to you. You take it and stand up, your life changed forever.


I stood outside the bar, hearing laughter and chatting from the warm interior. I looked down the line of people waiting for entry and started looking down the line muttering under my breath, "Twenty-two, twenty-five,  Thirty, Twenty-nine, and... a twenty year old." 

I sighed and I could see my breath within the cold night air. "Alright guys!" I gestured to the front of the line, "Come on in!"  As the first four passed me, I held up my hand to block the entrance for the twenty year old, a tall black-haired boy who *might* have been able to enter as he looked to be at least twenty-three to any other outside viewer. Unluckily for him however, I have an exceptionally rare ability to see the age of any individual floating above their heads. 

The boy looked at me confidently and smiled, "Is there a problem, sir?"

"May I see your ID please?"

The boy looked surprised and took out his wallet. "Alright, just give me a second here...". The boy gave an elaborate shuffling through his wallet for a good thirty seconds before he finally said, "I think I might have left my ID at home or something. Can you make an exception please? My friends drove me and one of them just went in, I mean we are literally the same age. Just ask him!"

I nudged him out of the line and said, "Sorry kid, no ID no entry."

The boy's previous friendly face slowly contorted into one of utter anger. He looked as if he were going to punch me until he stopped himself. Still clenching his fist with knuckles pale as ice, he stormed off without saying another word.

I sighed and looked at the next one in line. He looks definitely like a kid. I'd guess... ten years old. I used my ability and his age appeared above him displaying... **FOUR DIGITS**. WHAT PERSON IS 7300 YEARS OLD? He looks like a kid too!

He had auburn hair and was looking at me with wide eyes. I quickly blinked a few times to mask my loss of composure. "Uh... So, how old are you?"

The boy gave a huge grin and yelled in an ear-piercing voice, "Seven, three, zero, zero years old!"

I raised an eyebrow and knelt down. In a soft voice I asked, "Are you lost kid? Where's your mom?"

The boy scowled and yelled even louder in a tantrum impatiently, "I am **seven, three, zero, zero years old!**"

There is no way this kid is immortal or something. As far as I know, immortality and reincarnation or anything of the sort is nonexistent. I quickly pat his head gently and said, "Let's go find your mom, okay?" 

The kid started sniffling and pointed inside the bar, "But my mom is inside!" I gently grabbed the kid's hand and guided him inside with me saying, "Come on kid. I'll find your mother." 

We walked inside the bar with lots of people chattering and hearing the clinks of wine glasses. I grabbed the kid and held him up by the shoulders. I said in a loud booming voice, "WHOSE KID IS THIS?"

A thirty one year old whom I assumed to be the mother quickly ran to the kid and hugged him closely saying, "I am so, so sorry Alan. I thought you were asleep!" 

I shook my head, "Listen, next time. Watch him closely and don't leave him alone by himself. *Ever*."

She glanced at me and softly said, "Alright."

I put a hand on the kid's shoulder and glanced at the mother, "By the way, how old is he anyways?"

The mother sniffled and wiped her tears with the sleeve of her shirt. She said, "He's only ten years old."

"Then why does he call himself a 7300 year old?"

The mother gave a hint of a smile, "It's just his way of adding up to 10 years old. The two extra zeroes are just to make him seem smarter with math." She ruffled Alan's hair, "Aren't you smart?"

If you enjoyed, consider subscribing to my [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChocolateChipWp/)! Critiques and suggestions are appreciated as well!


28, 34, 21, and 54. 

I remained where I stood, nodding to the guests in silent affirmation that they were allowed in. As they trudged past me and through the door of Barney's Strip Club, I reached into my pocket, fumbled for a cigarette, and stuck it in my mouth.  Now where was my lighter? It would be so much easier if I could just-

20, 17. 

Ugh. I groaned inwardly. 17? That was definitely not a number that should be here. Time to perform my job, I suppose. "Hey, you two. Hold it." 
I shifted myself into the doorway, blocking the two young men from entering. Behind his expensive looking sunglasses, I could see the younger one already beginning to sweat. Was he really unable to wait for just one year longer? Honestly, kids these days... I sighed inwardly, but continued standard procedure.

"Excuse me, but can I see your ID?" 

At the first mention of an ID, they both began to fidget. The younger one kept glancing over at the older... his brother, maybe? Eventually, the older one took charge, handing over two pieces of plastic with an artificial smile plastered on his face. I ignored the small talk he tried to make and pretended to study the cards intensely, while in reality I was rolling my eyes behind designer sunglasses. I didn't know the first rule about being a bouncer, let alone how to identify fake IDs from real ones. All the club wanted was for me to do was two things- keep out the riff raff out, and be good about it. Which suited me just fine.
 
"Nice try, kid, but you're going to have to try somewhere else." I couldn't be bothered to mess with these two any longer, as my cigarette was getting soggy. I handed back the IDs and glared them off. Any possible protests they contemplated melted like snow upon seeing my iron-set muscles, and they beat a hasty retreat. In my profession, it helps to be a mountain of a man like me. 

And another thing that helped was this ability. The power to see numbers over peoples heads that showed their age- at first, I thought it was a stupid power, but eventually I came to see its use. After all, I turned out to make a pretty good bouncer, despite knowing nothing of the job. It came in handy for my other business as well. 

Speak of the devil. I was just about to light my cigarette when something else caught my attention. 

3,214. 

A petite man who couldn't be over thirty, wearing an elegant tuxedo and tie that dripped of extra money, stood in front of me. He looked like your typical, unassuming gentleman, the type who wouldn't hurt a fly. And I might have been fooled by this disguise as well, if not for that 3,214 floating over his head. This wasn't work anymore. Now, it was business. 

Once more, I sigh inwardly. Over 3,000? Then this might actually prove to be troublesome. As *they* get older, they get stronger as well. Feeling a pain welling up in my back from an old injury, I crack my neck around. Then I spit out my cigarette and lumber into the doorway once more, standing above this ancient wonder of a man. 
Well, not that *it* is a man. The *thing* tilted its head in inquisition. 

"Pardon me, but is something wro-"

I didn't give it a chance to finish its sentence. Pulling back my shoulder, I let loose a full powered punch straight into the face of the *thing*, a clean punch that would have demolished a building. And yet, even as the man goes flying, he's already fully regenerated by the time he hits the ground. 

*It* immediately enters combat mode, transforming its arms into pairs of wickedly sharp blades, but I don't give it a chance to use them. Utilizing another power of mine, a more useful one, I ignite my fists into flame, and unleash a barrage of punches upon the creature until its been reduced to pulp. Only once its been melted into a puddle on a ground do I cease my attack. 

"Ha... ha..." As I pant, I observe the creature for movement, but it appears to be completely and thoroughly dead. Just to make sure though, I light the remaining puddle on fire, and watch it evaporate into the air. 
Sticking a new cigarette in my mouth, I light a fire beneath it with the snap of a finger. Then, leaning back against the wall, I crack my neck again, dispelling the misdirection barrier that I had erected around the area. Once more, customers begin to trickle in, and I continue my vigilant watch. 

I work as a bouncer, but my real job is somewhat different. It just so happens that *they* like places like clubs, where life energy and youthfulness is abundant. But I'll be here. And I'll be watching.


"Next... Next..."

Another group of kids shuffling into a Baltimore club for a heavy metal gig. Another night for some carding and cash.

I rubbed my hands together, urging the friction to do its thing. Wouldn't be enough, though. This January was mighty cold.

I looked up at the line of kids that approached, noting the number above each one. Honest kids, tonight. All 21 or over. I would have managed a smile at the pleasant change if not for the fucking cold.

When the last had filed in, Keith patted my shoulder.

"I'm taking a break, Reader."

I nodded as he walked off, leaving me alone to guard the door. I was always the one they left alone. 

"Hey, can we get in, still?"

I turned to look down at a group of three kids, but instantly saw '19' above the talking one's head.

"Scram, dude. It's 21 and up."

"You didn't even card me!"

"I don't need to," I retorted, staring him down.

"Let us in." 

I switched my gaze to another one of the street urchins, only to see this one was different. A lump caught in my throat as I opened my mouth to say a word that become lost in a whirlpool of draining thoughts.

The number above this ones head was 8456. 

"ID." I managed to choke out.

I never truly saw his face, only his number. I kept staring at it, knowing I had never been wrong before.

His ID revealed he was 22 years old, but my eyes illustrated otherwise.

Out of pure shock, or fear, I let the group in, watching the number as they walked toward the muffled roar of downtuned electric guitars and thunderous drums.

I couldn't help but follow inside, forgetting to ask Keith to keep watch. 

The club was dark except for the neon purple and teal lights of the bar. Some local band screeched onstage as I gravitated toward the largest number in the room. Still a distance away, it turned a corner and faded into the restroom. I followed still.

The bathroom glowed a dirty fluorescent green in an attempt to hide the various stains that covered the walls and stalls. The four-numbered man stood in front of the mirror above the sink, pulling his shirt up to reveal a scarred, swollen, bruised, tattooed torso that twisted at odd angles. The lights flickered and the sound of the band was drowned out by the banging and panting of a couple fucking in the stall.

"Still going to try and kick us out?" The man asked, turning to me. I stood, confused, horrified. The old one approached me in the flickering light of the dingy bathroom, the heat and sound of sex amplifying.

He leaned in close, becoming a silhouette before me. I felt the ancient breath on my neck like the hollow winds that blow over the swelling ocean.

"You can read me as much as you want, muscle man. That number will only grow larger," the old one whispered into my ear.

He exited the bathroom and disappeared into the crowd as the door swung back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, until the only remnants of the encounter hung in the thick air as a stench of sweat, blood, and piss. 

And then it was gone.


I stared bleakly at the faintly glowing digits. As if it couldn't get worse, the last number - a five - slowly transformed into a six.

"We have reservations."

The average-looking gentleman put out his hand and I plucked the driver's license out of it automatically. It read like any other I'd looked at tonight; the birthdate was just a few years before mine. The numbers over the woman's head read as twenty seven. Blonde and beautiful, her eyes were stunning and fixated almost entirely on her ancient companion. A man five thousand years her senior.

"Yes," I rasped, from a shock-clogged throat. "VIP room upstairs."

He scowled at me then, and I felt a weight of scrutiny I didn't know could exist. Like a bug under a magnifying glass. In the sun. I winced away from those eyes like they were an assault, and backed out of the way, stumbling over my feet. I had no desire to know this man, but I had the unnerving suspicion that he'd now want to know me.

And that couldn't happen.


I check their I.D.'s for fun now, noticing nose jobs and cheek implants and the occasional sex change.   It doesn't matter though... there are always some who try to get past me.   A strikingly beautiful blonde with a shining "19" above her head brazenly looking me straight in the eye, not a flicker of hesitation as she hands me a well made fake stating she was twenty three years old.  The three men around her, all with numbers higher than my own glare menacingly as I shine my light on the counterfeit piece of identification.  I decide it's not worth the altercation and let her through but I yearn to just whisper  "Why are you trying to grow up so damn fast? There's nothing in here for you." 

I never learned why I could see these numbers, to be honest I thought everyone could, and by the time I was old enough to question it, I knew enough not to bring any more attention to myself.  Now it makes my job easy, and it's a neat trick at parties.  I don't question when women lie to make themselves younger, and yes, occasionally I let someone who is trying make themselves older slide past, into the bar for their drinks and their laughs. Frankly... I just couldn't care anymore. 

Ive seen it all, women who look thirty five but have a bright "50" floating a few inches above their head.  Young men with full beards that would easily pass as mid twenties who are mere teenagers.   It's remarkable, really, the variations in how humans age.  Were I a man of more scientific inclinations I might feel compelled to get to the bottom of my "gift".   In truth, I'm typically more concerned with when I can punch out and get drunk enough that the numbers start to blur and I can pretend I'm not seeing the mortality of others... but angels with luminous halos. 

Every week I stand outside the door to a trendy L.A. bar and grit my teeth through the drip, drip of painful repetition. Mine was the sort of redundant occupation that people might complain gave them carpal tunnel.  I used to look forward to the occasional bar room brawl to break up the monotony that has become my life, but as iPhones get larger and pants get tighter and more and more men declare themselves as "feminist" it's a rare occurrence that I can't set my hopes on.  So instead I look at these little plastic rectangles and relish in the tiny details they hope won't be noticed.  Live in L.A. as long as I have, and you'll see every nip and tuck. 

Most nights, I arrive at the bar by seven thirty, have a beer or two with Lonnie, the bartender, before taking up my post on my wooden stool just to the left of a black painted door.  I've worked at many bars but this bar had the unique distinction of being the only place I'd encountered that put forth an effort to appear seedy in order to sling overpriced whiskey sours to L.A. hipsters who wanted to feel as if they'd spent a night slumming it without any of the real life danger they might encounter were they to venture into an actual slum.  You know the type, they wear ripped jeans that cost as much as my rent and carry folded paperback copies of "The Old Man and The Sea" in their back pocket. In other words...real winners.

Tonight was no different and after my second beer, some craft bullshit from down in San Diego that Lonnie said, "We're the only bar in L.A.  That has this.  Some guy literally brews this in his bedroom.  It's totally exclusive", I took my seat and waited for the string of mullet wearing degenerates to pile in. 

At first I rubbed my eyes, thinking maybe I'd blurred two people's numbers together.  Maybe there was someone walking just behind him, out of view.   Nope, as he got closer I stood up.  The man was a little taller than me.  Not any kind of unusual looking character, but not the typical patron of this joint either.  He wore a simple suit and close cropped haircut, but what I was seeing couldn't be possible.   The man looked to be at most, in his early thirties.  The bright, shiny number hovering just above his dark hair however, showed "2021".  I realized my mouth was open and that I was staring. 

When he got closer he mumbled "hey" and reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, then, just like everyone else, an I.D. Just a normal California license with his photograph, his height, weight, address and name- "Christensen, Jess H."  The birthdate gave him an age of thirty three but my gift had never been wrong.  Ever.  Not in my entire life had a number above someone's head been even a year off their actual age.  This simply, wasn't possible.  

I turned the plastic over and stalled for time, "So, from L.A. originally?"   He replied, "Israel, actually, but it feels like I've been in L.A. since forever."   I hand him back the card and he just smiled and walked inside.   

All night I couldn't get the man out of my head.  Was he some kind of vampire?  Or maybe some monster of an Israeli Dr. Frankenstein? It just couldn't be.  I came to the conclusion that something had gone haywire and my gift was starting to falter.  "Shit" I thought to myself, "Now I'm gonna have to really start paying attention to birthdates."   But the rest of the night my numbers always matched the birthdates on the I.D.'s.  It seemed this man was the only one the glitch affected.     


The night started to wind down and people trickled out as bar close neared.  Finally, I noticed the four digit man slip outside.  He stopped to light a cigarette and I don't know if it was the late hour or if it just bugged me too much but I reached over and tapped him on the shoulder, "Excuse me, man"  He turned and smiled, this guy didn't seem like a monster. In fact seeing his face made me feel like I'd bitten off half a Xanax, but I persisted, "I gotta ask, you know, I have this real good knack for reading people and I gotta say... something's telling me you're older than you say you are."    What he said back to me... well, it just about knocked me over.


One knows when they're in the presence of something ancient. A turn of phrase, the way their gaze meets yours, the way the air around them hangs, as though to communicate an unspoken form of reverence. Or fear. Simple folk like to trade their wives tales, attempts at justifying the things that exist just outside their conceptions. Makes them feel better.

I wonder what they'd say about me.

But my gift, a paltry glimpse into the age of those who cross my path, is nothing compared to the man- er, woman? Hard to tell after so many years. Anyway. Is nothing compared to the figure who comes, every eight months like clockwork, to visit our humble distillery. The first time I met them I thought, sure. Someone's slipped me something. Just because I can see the age of things doesn't make me immune to tampering. And I've been at this for a few decades. 

All this to say, the first time I met the man (at the time) who saved my life, I had difficulty believing he was nearly four-thousand years old. 

"Been around a while, then?"

"Oh, I dread to think."

"What brings you 'round the Juicy Jailer then?"

"It really wasn't my decision. Just passing through, I suppose." 

"Not much inside worth your time, I'd think."

"Well. You'd be surprised what I find when I'm not looking."

Turned out he was right, as later that evening we learned the distillery had been housing an underground warehouse what took people and stuffed 'em into tin suits. Sy-buh whatitsorsomething' he called them. Made this dreadful, monotonous speech about "upgrading" everyone. But quick as a flash, this man had done them in and cleared out just as quickly as he'd come. I asked for his name, but he gave me his vocation instead. Weird bloke. 

But you never can tell with Time Lords, can you?


My eyes flitted over the crowd of people lining up. 26, 30, 14 - gonna have to turn her away - 22, 8988, 21, 43. I slowly looked back towards the big number. That's an 8, followed by a 9 and two more eights. I took a few steps to the left. It's all one number. That... shouldn't be right. It couldn't be right. But i was never wrong before, and i don't know why i'd be wrong now. 

"I'm going to have to I.D. you sir." The man smirked. 

"I don't look *that* young, do I?" 

"Sir, i'm going to have to insist." I had to see it. I was sure that his I.D. would hold some clue. 

"How young do I look? Take a guess."

I couldn't resist the urge as a smirk invaded my face. "Dunno. 17, 16, maybe 8988?" 

For a brief moment, the man looked at me in shock. Then he burst out laughing. "You're a funny guy. I wanna buy you a drink, when does your shift end?" I looked towards the bar door as Leon - the other bouncer - stepped through. "Now."

We headed inside and sat down at the bar. I insisted that he just get me a beer. He had the hard stuff. We both sat silent for a few minutes. "So I suppose you know i'm immortal, then. I won't ask how. What you're probably wondering is why someone as old as me is in a bar drinking his liver to death." I arched an eyebrow and looked at him. "History repeats itself every few thousand years. On my first time I was in a bar like this. Tomorrow's special, y'know." He had a happy, yet tired look in his eyes. "It's my birthday tomorrow." I smiled, but his face became frustrated. He took a large swig of his drink and, with a roll of his eyes, said "Oh, and the world's ending."


Their fields are empty, white wastes sowed with the salt of the long years. For all the miles they could see, they see nothing but an endless world. This should please them, you would think. But there is something coursing through the air, a wind rising in the heavens above. Maybe they can taste it. Perhaps that is why they cry. They can feel their abandonment.


The world watches for I know I am not the only eyes. In our towers in the Far World, we see the specks roam, little mites mustering the courage to leave their bunkers. See how the light hits them. See their flag fly high in the open lands. 


*America,* I think. 


Long ago, my family was American. I feel some sadness to them. The gates to heaven have closed. Our world is leaving, and our goodbyes nearly spent. But see them come. See the war torn land all brown and turned, stony and wild. Look at them look for us. See the mites fall in confusion.


And if you hear my words and sense some bitterness in them, then I shan't pretend to hide it. The War had taken much from me. All that I loved is gone. But such is war. And such was the American war.


And if you hear my words and my words echo in the stillness of the deserted lands, then let me explain. For you are unlucky, perhaps even a child, born innocent, condemned to die. For that you deserve some solace. Solace is all I can give.


When the War had ended, half the world had died. Their screams and chemical shadows haunted the peace, and what talks were held were facetious. We knew this world was gone. What good was dismantling bombs when the knowledge would forever remain? We had to leave. The Sun was growing warmer, the days going quicker in the silence of burying the dead.


We had to leave.


After the War ended what countries remained made a very hard decision. We banded together after Lucifer's Week. That was the week where a new bomb fell every day. We decided everything had to end. For humanity to survive, we would have to leave our human home. This we agreed with heavy hearts.


And we gritted our teeth and negotiated with the Americans. If you are reading this amidst the lonely plains, then know we negotiated with your fathers. We gave them everything they wanted, placated their fancies, and pleaded and begged in all the right ways for just one  favor: for us all to isolate ourselves for fifty years.


The Americans thought they had won. You all could never accept the idea of loss, or even *compromise*. And so they agreed. They thought in the dark, with all the world fragmented, they would grow even more powerful. And perhaps they have.


But we had deceived them. In those fifty years they had caged themselves, and we worked freely on creating vast ships to take us off this failing planet.


Cancers are on the rise. Most lands are dead, barren like so many women who were cowed in the final bunkers. Most lands are dead, same as those women. Same as my only love.


And we have built great towers in what pockets of life that still remain. Great spires to the heavens house our ever readying ships. And now as the nights come cold and the frost heavy with the ghosts of the dead, and the heavy feeling of time running out, we have completed those ships. We ready ourselves for the journey come. Just as You have awakened.


So now see the American stretch. See how the land sprawls in a lonely plateau.  Hear the silence and breathe the abundant air. I wonder how it feels. What butterflies they must have. Are You looking for us? Or is there just confusion, or even knowing?


The world turns in silence. Age has taken my hair, my health and my dreams, but it has not taken that fire and that hatred the War has wrought. I listen to the quiet. I feel the shadows from the great tower. It is dark here, soft purple dusk sprayed upon a cozy idea of hope. I feel the rumble of the engines start, hear the crew announce the test has been a success.


We will leave soon. I will go and leave my home behind. But in the days remaining, I look and I stare. 


The fields sway in the night's wind. The moon is further than it ever has been. The stars blanket the black. There is a loneliness upon the land. The metal doors sigh. The Americans come out bewildered. They try their phones but no one answers. See how long their shadows are. See them search for that neighborly love. I wonder what they think. I wonder if they know.


The ships will leave the day after tomorrow. The Sun will eat this Earth. We have burned all our intelligence, and have left no hope as to where we will go. Let the Americans have this planet. Let the temperature rise and engulf them. Perhaps their sweat shall stay their tears. But let them have this world. They have fought so hard for it.


And let them look to the sky as we leave. See them look in hope at the marvel of the shooting stars. Let them wish for a good life and for contact as soon as possible. Give them their hope. It is all they have.


-


*Hi there! If you liked this story, then you might want to check out my subreddit, r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including some un-prompted stuff. Check it out if you can, and thanks for the support!*


*"The thought was naive. So naive that we didn't imagine it would work. Imagine our surprise when it did..."*

I down the little plastic shot cup of Daniels in my hand and toss it into the Recycler as I walk out of the bar. The little intern employed to shadow me follows on my footsteps, stumbling with her books. I chuckle to myself and wait for her to regain her footing before continuing out of the bar. 

We make our way across the new London Bridge, named after the old one which had been decimated by the War that emcompassed the world. It had been 50 years since "Maelstrom" but the scars on my back ached as if I had only gotten the injuries yesterday. 

*"50 years. 50 years for each country to rebuild itself and re-discover who we were as a people. At least, so went the official story. We just wanted the end to it all. The hate, the bigotry, everything. America was, and for reconcillation sake I hope they have re-discovered this, a bastion of freedom and democracy and equal justice for every man. But somewhere down the line, that ideology had been warped for evil. For hate."*

I stop and look over the edge of the bridge, straining to see if I can see my reflection on the surface of the dark blue river. The sunset behind me casts the long shadow of the bridge on the surface and all I see is just a flowing darkness. The bridge itself, while structurally sound, could still not match the class nor fame of its predecessor. Britain had mourned its people, its infrastructure... but the pain of losing the bridge and the palace never waned. It just waxed stronger. 

I glance at the intern who had chosen to also look into the waters. She is one of the younglings born years after the war. Early enough to see the rebuilding begin anew. Her historical knowledge was young, bolstered only by the books she now carried. 

Before I can look away, I see her lips move and I hear the question come through...

*"I have heard about how the Thames used to be murky looking. But this is all I've ever seen. How could the world change so much in 50 years? I have seen the old maps. I have heard what happened to...to... Haiti? How could it be so different to 50 years ago?"*

*"When you lose half the population, geographical ego stops being a factor. After Italy, Canada, Nigeria, Mexico and Germany... I don't even know if you've seen a map of those countries. After the fake treaty of 'locking' our borders and 'retreating' from the world, the rest of the countries came together to heal. We owed it to our people, our countries and to the revolutionaries who had come before us to warn about the dangers of hate and war."*

*"Couldn't America be part of it?"*

*"They could be. They could have been. But a myriad of factors had dictated that it wouldn't be in our best interest to include them. They had forsaken the very ideas they had been founded on. They had become brash and proud and bitter. They had fashioned themselves the leaders of the world. Quick to act but slow to consider all options. They could have been part of us, but when their first words out of the war demanded reparations for an event they started... it was then we knew what needed to be done."*

*"...The 50 year agreement ends in 12 hours, sir... What happens when they re-connect with the world and see all that has been accomplished since then? What if they deem us evil for secluding them?"*

*"And then we will tell them why. They would have no choice but to accept it."*, I say stretching and indicating we keep walking down the bridge. 

*"What if they don't accept it?"* She asks, tentatively. 

*"Then we do what they attempted to do 50 years ago and almost succeeded doing..."*

*"...which is?"*

I look at her as I feel the bitterness rise inside me. 

*"We'll wipe them off the map."*

-----

It's been a while since I wrote so please critique away. i need to flex my writing muscle :)


Every country must close its borders, communications, trade, and embassies for 50 years.  

The United States's president was boycotting the peace conference, against most of the country's wishes.  The declining prestige of the country abroad was all too apparent, even before the Great Conflict.  The war lasted 6 years, and no country gained or lost any ground after the first day. Nearly half a billion died, and it finally took riots in the streets to force some governments to call back troops. 

Every country, save the United States, convened in Beijing to discuss the terms.  They decided American Imperialism must come to an end.  Japan and Korea would split the islands in the Pacific, and the New Soviet Republic would be given Alaska, amputating America to its mainland body.  In an inspiring speech to the diplomats present, the leader of France took advantage of the States' absence to propose a plan that would cut off American influence even more.  They would convince American leadership that each country should have a period of isolation, to rebuild themselves and prevent further conflicts for the next half century. 

Only the United States would actually go into isolation.  The rest of the world would finally be rid of the thorn in the West they've all come to know.  

A lot got completed during the 50 years of freedom, which was the name the New Powers gave to the period.  China completed its huge infrastructure projects thanks to absorbing the USA's trade power vacuum.   The Middle East stabilized and the countries solar panel networks together to encourage cooperation and peace.  The NSR had free reign of the Balkany.  Every country and its citizens agreed that the 50 years of freedom was the greatest joint-diplomatic effort in history.

The world eagerly awaited when those 50 years ended.  Some of them 

"Leave it to bureaucracy to try to jam as many meetings as they can together, right?  The terms said we'd start with one on one meetings with leaders, to ease into it, not a goddamn round table meeting. I only brought a human translator for Japanese, and there are 50 different countries here," the President complained to the Empress of England, who drew the short straw and had to sit next to America.

The Empress looked around nervously, but nobody at the table would make eye contact.  Understandably, their eyes were locked on the American, who looked slightly out of place, wearing a suit and tie that went out of style decades ago. 

"Now I'm going to sound like a robot when I'm tying up old trade deals," he said, before blinking a deliberately a few times and fiddling with his watch.  "Where's the tradition?  Where's the elegance?"

The 48 other diplomats at the table almost jumped out of their seats in shock.  They had heard the American's questions in their home country's language, although it sounded slightly digital.  

"I'm really glad we all agreed to this isolation thing," he continued. "You wouldn't believe how much our old government spent on our military.  We've been an isolationist country far longer than we were an imperialistic one.  We didn't really know what to do with it all that extra money.  The country voted to just put it all in education," he prattled, "I'm excited for international markets to open back up.  GM-Ford-Tesla-NASA designed these great solar powered dronemobiles, just put the backpack on and say where you need to go. We don't even need cars anymore!  Cars!  I know I sound like I'm bragging but what was the 50 years was for, if not for bragging rights when it's through?"


They said they wanted peace. They said they wanted to avoid a future where humanity wiped itself out. They said a lot of things. And then they said no more.

For fifty years we waited. We followed the treaty down to the letter, even refusing to contact our northern and southern neighbors. For fifty years we waited, as they spat on their supposed good intentions. We waited as peace broke down. We waited as war broke out.

There's a slight poetic justice to learning that the ones who were afraid of us, the ones responsible for this self imposed exile, died in a hellfire of their own making. They thought that we were the biggest threat. They thought we were the cancer spreading throughout the world, destroying everything it touched.

They were wrong.

We were simply a deterrent. A force of nature that none dared to cross. And with us out of the way, with nothing to be afraid of, the world tore itself apart.

We came out of our exile prepared to fight. We expected an army of nations, prepared to end us, once and for all. But what we found instead was the very world itself, wrapped up in a wintery bow, waiting for us to take it.


There was once a kind giant, who lived outside a village of little men.

The giant loved to be with the villagers, happy to help them and in return enjoy their company.

The men and the giant traded and lived in harmony, until one day the giant crushed a villager by mistake.

He tried to apologize but they shot him with their little bows, and he screamed, thrashing and trying to protect himself from the pain.

Finally, when he looked out he saw the village in ruins, and he was horrified. 

The mayor of the village asked him to go to a cave far away to keep himself and the villagers safe.

The villagers promised to be rid of their weapons and to welcome him back when he awoke once more.

So alone and in the dark the giant slept, ignorant to the world. 

Finally, the sleeping giant awoke, and walked to where the village once was but instead there was only ruins.

He called out all the villagers’ names looking for his friends, but he was answered only with silence.

The giant fell to his knees in the center of the village, angry with the world and he wept for he was alone, forever.


*I wanted to try something a little different for the prompt, please let me know what you think.*


How. How. *How!?*

This was the question that surged through the world when the wall at last came down, the world smugly prepared to receive a humbled USA, a world triumphantly rebuilt in their absence.

Only to find that America had thrived even further.

"Well," said the suave young Texan whose visage now graced our screens, "we sent up satellites."

Satellites? *Satellites?*

"In direct contravention of the treaty!? How! No rocket launches were detected."

He put up his arms in a sort of amicable way. "The treaty you all broke the day after it came into effect? We are talking about the Treaty of Berlin, 2045, correct?"

The world was silent to that true accusation.

"We still had spies you know. You have to know that, right? I'm trying to maintain professionalism, but you all had to know that, surely?"

He seemed to be struggling to maintain his composure, forcing himself to straighten his tie before breaking out into a grin, then straightening his tie again and putting on a brief poker face before breaking into a grin again.

"When global opinion turned against us we were forced to sign that humiliating treaty that every single one of you broke but we haven't just been *sitting here* doing *nothing* waiting for the whole world to break down our walls."

He shook his head and an image showed on the screen of a colossal railway that lifted towards the sky, festooned in garish American colors. "With no trade we were 'forced' to use uranium power. 'Forced' to mine the asteroids for rare earth metals and other materials - without using rockets. So we used our big new EM gun."

The image switched to a video, of massive drones being shot off the railway into space, then of those same drones burrowing into great, hurtling rocks in space, maneuvering with tiny jets of air.

"Necessity is the mother of invention and all that. We had a lot of necessity. You had little to none. You put us on the backfoot while your Russians did your engineering and your Chinese did your industry and your Africans gave your resources."

He shrugged. "Oh and we stole just...just everything. You guys did definitely make some pretty cool things. Fusion power, absolutely, kudos. You all shared it pretty freely too. That was nice. Really the morally right thing to do. We stole the shit out of fusion power."

There were harrumphs of distaste at that. American coarseness.

"But really all we didn't do was share. Didn't share a darn thing. Course we can share now. Gonna have to...*renegotiate* some things, but we can share now."

He grinned in a predatory sort of way.

"Ohhh yes. We can share all kinds of things. For a price."

The outrage was immediate. They'd stolen our secrets but would only sell their own!?

The image switched again. This time to show a large artillery shell being loaded onto the tracks of the "EM gun."

"Course if that don't interest you none, there are some things we can share for free."


It was a curious solution and nobody expected it to be as easy as it was. Fifty years of isolation.

Nobody knew who fired the first shots. Some said it was the Chinese, some said it was the North Koreans, others said it was the Americans. In the end, it really didn't matter, because everyone ended up involved in some way. We were all guilty and shared the same sins.

But for all the doomsaying about the 'end of the world', things actually weren't that bad... well, compared to how bad it could've been. Twentieth century novels convinced us that World War III would result in a blasted hellscape, billions dead, nothing left standing. Perhaps in our darkest moments, we still retained a shred of humanity. Or perhaps we learned from the terrible brand of warfare waged in the 40s. Rather than missiles striking innocent population centers, surgical strikes and tactical nuclear weapons simply devastated infrastructure and military targets. Hundreds of millions had still perished - collateral damage, fallout, famine and disease - but the worst hadn't happened. Eiffel Tower and Saint Basil's Cathedral were still standing. In a rather striking twist of irony, by waging World War III, we had destroyed mostly just the tools we would need to wage World War IV.

After that came the 'Grand Plan'. Fifty years of isolation. Everyone expected us to resist the plan the most, and were surprised when, after a national referendum, we ended up being the most eager. Walls went up. Trade routes gradually eased and then stopped altogether. The doors were shut.

And for fifty years, we prospered. We had lost many of the cheap luxuries we had grown accustomed to, but agriculture surged as, lacking imported crops, we razed thousands of hectares of corn to grow our own. Oil deposits were uncapped. Unemployment dropped to less than 1% as millions of lost jobs suddenly came in high demand. It was a simple life, but we were happy. Americana had returned.

Fifty years passed in an eyeblink and the great reunification would begin. All the nations of the world to meet and share what they had learned. It wasn't going to be easy, of course - the war had destroyed nearly every satellite. We would need to seek out people to communicate with manually.

Our first attempt at contact was to head north to our oldest allies. Canada had been one of the most apprehensive countries with regards to the isolation, and actually considered joining America in joint isolation, but the United Nations council soundly rejected the notion. As our diplomatic convoys crossed the border and entered Toronto, they were shocked by what they found. Hunger. Disease. Poverty. The once great city was decaying and largely vacant. Similar reports came from Montreal and Ottawa. Upon contacting the Canadian government, the truth came out. 

It was a ruse. A great big ruse. The world, convinced that America had been, at best, indirectly responsible for the war, had collectively agreed to formulate fake isolation plans, and leave us in the dark. The plan was to bring the world and humanity as a whole into a bright and shining future. The results were... less than satisfactory.

If the world had advanced to prosperity, it certainly didn't show in Canada. Having lost their largest trading partner, Canada found themselves out of the global market. Asia had no use for Canadian manufacturing, and Eastern Europe had filled demand to Europe. Canada began to market their oil reserves, but shortly after the walls went up, the United Nations declared a global moratorium on fossil fuels to allow the earth to heal. Canada was, almost literally, left out in the cold, and had suffered greatly.

However, as bad as the situation in Canada was, it wouldn't compare to what we found to the south. We sent diplomatic teams south just as we did north... teams that were never heard of again. Crossing the border, they initially reported that little appeared different from before the war - there was running water, power, though it bore all the hallmarks of a relatively poor country. But as they would near Mexico City, they were just go dark.

We weren't sure what we were going to do. We didn't want our first reconnection with the world to involve military force, invading a country to find our teams. Then, weeks after the first team had gone dark, we learned something new. On the side of a road in south Texas, in a van, lay one of our ambassadors - beaten, bloodied, and mutilated. Along with him were the heads of the two dozen men and women who escorted him.

The ambassador had been returned with a message and shared with us what he had learned. It seemed that while Mexico had taken a few licks during the great war, that story was not true for South America. In fact, they survived the war almost completely untouched. Lacking global strike capabilities, they were largely ignored by the warring parties. The starry-eyed isolation plan was largely a European one, and the plan simply seemed to exclude the entire western hemisphere. Why bother with South America? They had little to offer the world, and they were too far and isolated. In fact, they even went as far as to congratulate themselves for 'freeing' South America of American influence and corruption. 

With Mexico's government weakened, it left the country primed for the largest military force in the region to take over - the cartels. Mexico had become a narco-state. Without any threat from government forces - American or otherwise - the cartels expanded influence worldwide, filling the economic hole left by America's absence with a global drug ring. South of Panama, without the 'interference' of America - as the isolation planners would put it - South America was free to pursue its own destiny, a destiny that seemed to largely revolve around fifty years of civil wars and military coups.

Over the coming months, we learned much from Europe, Africa, and Asia, and replaced the wonder we held in our hearts with cynicism and anger and disgust. Instead of the utopia that had been envisioned, there was nothing more than endless war. While North Korea had fallen in World War III, China now occupied the Korean penninsula. Most of Eastern Europe had fallen to Russia. Africa was... well it was still Africa. 

In Europe the situation was little improved. The European Union had combined into the United European States, headed by Germany and France. The United Kingdom had undergone its own degree of voluntary isolationism, withdrawing further into itself. It attempted to reunify the commonwealth, but Chinese control of the South Pacific left Australia and New Zealand subject to absolute trade embargoes. 

To the north, Scandinavia had suffered immensely. Without oil and the american economy to sell their investments, Norway had gone from one of the most prosperous nations to a state whose crippling debts had to be underwritten every year by the rest of the UES. Threats from Russia had pushed Finland into a military state, and tensions were high that invasion could occur any day. Pushing for hardline social reform, tolerance, and acceptance, refugees from the war-torn North Africa and Southwest Asia flooded by the millions into Europe. Cries to even attempt to slow the flow were ignored as the mewling complaints of the bigoted. Before long, the population outpaced the capability to feed and employ people, and the dream of prosperity, where no man had to want for anything, had waned into a slow, cold recession that had lasted for nearly four decades. Hundreds of square miles of cheap, filthy government tenaments were erected ringing the major cities. 

Everywhere we had gone, we found that over and over, that good intentions mean nothing without the wilpower to see them out. Our envoys were given a cold reception and simply told to leave. "America wasn't wanted anymore", they insisted. 

And so we returned home. 

And then we rebuilt the walls.

Maybe the world needed fifty more years.


We thought getting rid of them would bring a stable peace to the World.

After all... Americans started the war. They were the main Military power on Earth. Without them in the picture, we wouldn't see a need to fight one another anymore. Real issues like Global Warming could finally be dealt with.

We expected World Peace. We thought other Countries would be tired of conflict.

And we were wrong.

The first 10 years were mellow. Countries spent most of their time rebuilding their infrastructures, replanting farms, stripping away Military arms for a better future.

But... While many Countries saw peace, others saw opportunity. 

Russia and China had felt mistreated after the War. China's #1 trade partner was gone, and the Chinese economy was barely standing on its own two feet. The Russians were still angry after their loss. The hated the way other Countries blocked them off after the war ended... Apparently the lessons of WWI had escaped us, thinking back on it.

Israel grew terrified with the loss of its biggest supporter. In a frantic act, they would establish themselves even harder into Palestinian territory. With no one wanting to take the reigns of the Peace Talks, another war soon launched out. Other nations in the Middle East grew furious from the act, and attacked Israel. 

And when all was said and done... Palestinians regained the rights to the land. But at what cost? The lands were ripped up and tarnished. Infrastructure was destroyed, and the European nations were too worried about their own recovery to support the country.

It turned towards its allies in the Middle East... Towards Saudi Arabia, a fellow Sunni nation. 

This angered Iran. They put so many resources into the war. Tensions between the Shia and Sunni slowly started to rise... And another war took place after.

Drug Cartels in Mexico prospered. The Mexican Military no longer had the resources of the United States to fight them off, and the people who were suffering didn't have the ability to flee North like they once had.

So they fled South. Nations like El Salvador and Panama began taking in influxes of immigrants... But, unlike the United States, they didn't have the infrastructure to support them and their economies slowly began to degrade, encouraging Cartels to expand their business.

The Chinese were dealing with a broken economy and a massive population that only continued to expand. They had no choice... The nations around them slowly started to be swallowed up, so that the Chinese people would have more land to go to.

And Europe... They had expected peace with the leave of the United States. They reduced their Militaries to Skeleton Armies, leaving more money to transfer to improving the destroyed nations.

They didn't expect it when the Russians moved an army to take their old territories back. They didn't expect it when they began to push against the borders of the European Union.

Left with little choice, Europe federalized as one nation. They fought back.

Yes, conflict emboiled the War. The United Nations was nothing but a remnant of its own self, the UN Peacekeeping Corps didn't have the manpower to stop any of this from happening.

By the time the 50 year mark came... The World was in a state of constant chaos. Borders had changed, Countries had fallen and formed, and new Empires were rising up from the ashes.

But then the U.S. came back. Their own economy flourishing once again, their farmlands ripe and their Military expecting conflict from the start... Had they always known? Had they been watching us?

It was hard to tell.

All we knew was that a strong nation had re-entered World Politics. It had the resources we were lacking, the Military strength we needed.

It's true the Americans had started the War all those decades ago... But maybe now was their time to redeem themselves.


John saved enough money for the last 45 years to go live in one of the last cities that still existed near the frontier of the United States.

It was now time to actually go there, although it was still 8 months until the official event in which the US would open his doors to the world, and viceversa.

At the time the Treaty for the World Peace and Reconstruction was implemented, no one was really expecting that the US would be the only country isolated. No one felt it was the right thing, but since the US was the one to launch missiles first, no one was really against it either.

Except obviously, those who had family in the US, such as soldiers and diplomats stranded at the end of the war in other countries.

John was one of them. He left his wife and still unborn child in the US when he was assigned to an abroad mission near the end of the war. And when it ended, he couldn't go back home because of the treaty. No one goes in, no one goes out.

But he grew anxious over the last few months the Treaty was supposed to last. He was merely weeks away of reuniting with his family, and the fact he was just a few hundred miles from the wall that separated the US and the rest of the wolrd made it no easier.

He decided to take the risk and drive to the wall. Maybe that would calm his heart for the remaining time.

As he approached the wall he was detained by a security patrol. Must've a private one, because they had a symbol he had never seen before.

They took him to a building near the wall. They asked him why he was there, and what he knew of what was inside the wall.Then they led him to another building where they conducted some medical tests on him.

"These last weeks a lot of folks like you have showed up" the medic that was performing the tests said.

"At first the government tried to keep them away from the wall, but now that the big day is coming, they can't just drive them away from it. So instead, they bring them here to at least ensure they don't carry potential diseases unknown to the inhabitants of the US, if they still call themselves like that-"

"Ben, we need you now!" Said another medic as he busted into the room. 

"The class D expedition group is back, and we need  you to test the new anomalies!"

"Damn it Greg. Can't you see I'm with a civilian right now? Now we have to give him amnesiacs."

"Yeah, I know, but do you remember the guy in the expedition that was missing an eye?"

"Yeah, what with him? Did he grow it back?"

"No, but he grew another head that is convinced he is Nicholas Cage!"

"Damn, I have to see that"

He turned back to John.

"Listen, normally we would just send you on your way-".

"But we have no option now. Even if you heard just a little, what is going here goes beyond you comprehension. I mean, we have more than half of the world leaders working for the Foundation, helping to contain whatever is inside those walls and protecting people like you. And even the foundation goes as far as making the world believe every 50 years that the last 50 years never happened so the Treaty for World Peace and Reconstruction can go on and no one tries to go inside the walls. And yet the Foundation still has no fucking idea what is going inside the walls with SC-"

"Great work Greg, now he has heard too much. Why did you told him?"

"Where erasing his memory anyway. It doesn't matter. Now can we go? I want to hear that head proclaim it has the declaration of independence before the boys cut it out."

And with that, both medics left.

John didn't know what to think. Was it a prank? Or was something really going on?

He didn't had time to think it anyways as two men wearing security uniforms took him elsewhere.

This time he had a better glance at their badges. A circle with three arrows pointing to the center, alongside the name and motto of the company they worked for.

*SCP Foundation. Secure. Contain. Protect.*

_This is my first time writing an original writing prompt. Also please keep in mind English is not my first language, so any feedback and criticism is appreciated._


I was only a child when the bombs fell. First, they said it was the Russians. Then, they tried to convince us that it was the vindictive actions of one "Kim Jong Un", authoritarian ruler of a small nation that used to be known as North Korea. Neither the north nor the south survived, so I guess it's just No Korea now. At least that's what my grandpa always used to like to say. He had some pretty strong opinions about the entire situation. 

  It wasn't until the war was almost over that we truly accepted how it had began. We were the ones that had dropped the first bombs. Some kind of resurgence of this idea they once called "manifest destiny" under the last democratically elected president of the States, our great leader Trump (may he make america great again) had taken hold in the collective consciousness of the American people. 

  Of course, I don't really remember any of this happening. I was just a kid. But, I have heard stories. Entire regions of the world were gone in a matter of hours. Over 97% of the world's population was sentenced to a metaphorical guillotine. My family was lucky. My dad had always had this hobby called "doomsday prepping"  that turned out to actually be quite useful. He had built us a shelter in the backyard. Apparently my mom always used to yell at him for spending money on useless things. I guess it wasn't so useless after all.

  Mere hours after the bombs fell, the world leaders tried to convene and place sanctions upon our great leader Trump (may he make America great again). He wouldn't have it. He continued to drop more bombs. The event quickly became known as the third world war, though it lasted no more than two weeks in total. Most of the world is still uninhabitable. Our great leader Trump (may he make America great again) then came up with a brilliant solution to get us out of our dreadful situation. He pressed all the other world leaders into agreeing to a permanent ceasefire under the banner of reducing globalism and returning to a time before the world was so connected. Every country agreed that, for the next fifty years, no country would contact any of the others. They agreed because of the great leadership of lord Trump (may he make America great again) and because he was very stable and genius. This is how my father tells the story, so it must be true. 

  Well, I'm no longer a child and it is finally time to go back out into the world. To tell the truth, I am kind of afraid. I've never really been outside of this bunker. All I've had are the weekly broadcasts of our great leader on an old CB radio that must be well over a hundred years old. I know that we have surely fared the best of all the countries in the world, so why should I be afraid? What will I find? As long as I follow the great leader Trump's (may he make America great again) instructions, I know everything will turn out fine.
 
  As I take my first steps outside, the first thing I notice it that it is really fucking hot. Leader Trump (may he live forever) has told us that it might be warmer than we are used to due to the very natural process of the Earth's warming, which we are told happens in cycles. 
  My daughter sees the sun for the first time. This is worth all the years of isolation. To see her smile is the only thing that has kept me going for a long time. When mom died, my daughter would tell me that grandma was finally able to go out and be in the world again. That was a small, but comforting idea. 

  I'm surprised by the lack of vegetation. It seems almost as if no one is around. Isn't this the day that we all get to leave our bunkers? Is this not the day that leader Trump (may he make America great again) promised? I see my wizened father in the corner of my eye. He is sharing a knowing look with several of the other elderly members of the family.

  "Son, I have something to tell you," he says to me. "I made a mistake many years ago. There was a missile alarm that went off in Hawaii all those years ago, so I decided to finally make use of the bunker. There was no war. That CB radio? It's actually just a two-way radio and this whole Trump thing has been pretty entertaining. We used memes to get him elected in my day. I felt mighty foolish after staying down there for a solid month, but your mother and I finally came out when we realized that there were no continuing emergency broadcasts. The alarm was a false alarm. Then we started hearing things on the news about kids eating Tide pods. The world wasn't a safe place anymore. Your mother and I decided to weather out life underground. Now that your daughter is beginning to get older, I just feel like I'd be a bad grandpa if I didn't let her see the world, son. I'm sorry, but we had a good time down there, didn't we?"

"But where are all the people, father?" I asked.

"Oh, Elon Musk took everyone to Mars about 10 years after we got all barricaded. Decided to let the planet heal a little- Global warming and all."

"What's global warming?" I asked. 

"Oh, don't worry about that, it's handled. Anyway, sorry about the whole lying thing," he said as he ducked from my clumsily attempted punch. 

  Well, it looks like I have a lot to learn about the real world. Wish me luck. At least I'm not isolated anymore. Wish me luck.



Sorry if this sucks. First attempt on WP.


50 long years. Thomas rolled out of his bunk. Today was the day America was going to join the rest of the world. He was excited, but a little afraid. As an American, it had been schooled into him that what had happened 51 years prior was one of the largest wars known, World War III, and that America had been the first to strike. In 2028, the leaders of the remaining nations had all agreed, each country was to go into isolation. No trade, communication, or aid, whatsoever. America had agreed, and had built massive walls in the North and South. They had severed communication with all satellites, and cut all lines outside of the US. Alaska was given to Canada, and Hawaii was allowed to be its own nation once more. Puerto Rico had protested at first, but soon gave up. According to his grandpa, the US suffered the first couple of years. Technology development had gone down, with agriculture having a huge boom to support its population. Most people left the cities, leaving them to become ruins. The only cities that thrived were towards the center of the country. This made life very simple. You attended school until 12, and then you picked a specialization. There were three to choose from. You could be a farmer, which was the most noble and useful, a rememberer, whose job was to learn all of the old things, so when the walls came down, we could talk to our neighbors and work old technology, and soldiers, who were those who didn’t have what it took to do the other things.

Thomas wasn’t ashamed to be a soldier, he couldn’t grow a potato, and words and numbers annoyed him. Besides, he would be one of the first to see a Canadian. He grabbed his issued jackhammer, and headed for his station.

At midnight, walls started coming down. Within the next two days, they were nothing more than rubble, that was quickly being removed. Oddly, there had been nobody to greet them, but this had been anticipated seeing as how had caused most of the damage in the war. In the next three days, the American military had sent out ambassador convoys North into Canada, and South to Mexico, neither had found anything except countries being reclaimed by nature. Almost two weeks later, the rememberers had finally reestablished communication of the one satellite they had been allowed to keep in orbit. North Americas whole portion of the globe was dark. Thomas kept rereading the communal paper, surely they were not the only ones left? The next day, they got the answers they were looking for. Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia were also dark. Thomas, and many other Americans wept.  

Edit: Figured I would mass respond to this. The ending was left open to interpretation, kind of like a Miyazaki film.


This was the price for freedom. 

We may have started the war, but we cannot be blamed for it. We always intended for the Low Orbit Laboratory to make it to orbit, and we wept when the boosters failed. Fifty of our own people died in the launch, heroes, doctors, and engineers.


The Chinese were not as concvinced. They thought it all too convienent for the impact to be dead center at Beijing.

The war was short and surprisingly silent. Millions died as life support systems failed, self driving cars crashed on the highways and missles glided through the sky. It was an invisible war fought with the very thing ment to unite us.


When the ashes settled we decided that maybe a network wasn't the best idea and agreed to lock ourselves away. Fifty years to rebuild, fifty years to repent, fifty years in silence. 

I'll admit we cheated. After 25 we peaked, we didn't say a word but looked inward with our space telescopes. The blurry images told us everything we needed to know: we had been betrayed. 



In anger we reached for guns we no longer had. We had surrendered our missles, our jets, and anything big enough to be worth dropping from orbit. "Global guardianship for the greater good", what a load of shit. 

Dr. Roberts winced as he walked into the basement of what had become the five pointed monument to forgotten greatness. A man who had forsaken the right to be called commander and chief asked for a favor, for the only weapon left.

The world had takes our bullets but would never dare take our doctors; after all the whole idea of this isolation had been to prevent suffering.


Roberts reached inside his coat and pulled out a small vial. He thought of the men who had died to bring the metal cylinder this far and grimaced at the pain. With tears in his eyes he looked at the broken man across the table in the soul. "Mr President" he said "meet strain 1776A. We call it repentance".


New Istanbul. 2073: Assembly Chamber of The Five Nations.

A chattering of languages fills the room, with an almost electric buzz of excitement as the delegates from hundreds of different cultures from around the globe speak into their translation headsets. Their words fed to the interpretation matrix able to sort out dozens of languages, in hundreds of dialects, all filtered into the earpiece of Ambassador Khyla Power; Appointed Ambassador of the United States. 

The cacophony was also transcribed in American English onto the datapad in front of her, so as to sort conversations and mutterings. Not that she needed the pad, as she was fluent in 15 languages, in dozens of dialects. A disconcerting amount of the chatter was composed of 'Why do we need them?' and 'What will they bring more than destruction and slavery?', even more than a few other ambassador's musings on Khyla's fit, proportionately set body, and what they fantasized with it in a variety of settings. All the while, her senses taking in information, the clothing they wore, the inflections and intonations of speech, the various scents, and in more cases than not; odors of the other delegates. Her eyes narrowed in concentration particularly at the intricate kimono of her Japanese counterpart; 'Damn, that must have taken a whole fucking year to make.' she allowed to escape her lips whilst never breaking sight of the Russian Federation and Japanese Ambassador's hushed conversation about Pacific fishing rights, lip-read of course, as they had not switched on their Tele-Trans microphones, making sure to check hers's was in the 'NO-VOX' setting. Whilst salivating of the memory of her maternal grandmother's nigiri rolls made from Washington salmon.

Only thrown from her concentration by the gavel pound from the dais, as Chairman Sulathma called the session to order. As he waited for the din to die out, Khyla called her thoughts into order. And as the Chairman's long winded introductions were laid out, she brought to mind the broad strokes of President Kiefer's instructions after realizing the ruse that had been played on their nation. 'Make sure they understand what they gave up on, the advancements we have made, the sacrifices we gave, the struggle they left with us alone with, and that we can still bitch-slap them into oblivion or the stone age.' 

A wry smile crossed her lips so slightly, half-remembering the time she pummelled a boy two and a half times her size into unconsciousness after he tried to steal the fish she spent a day catching in the East River. During the first 20 years of exile, America fared not so well. Millions were in abject poverty-slavery, crime in horrendous proportion and nature,  borderline starvation due to the disaster in Wyoming, and the resulting crop blight it brought. A third of her generation died in war, famine, and pestilence. 

It was after a wealthy businessman in Montana set about putting the first info-recon satellite up into orbit, after 25 years of nobody around her knowing what was happening on the rest of the planet. They were had. Skimmed footage of fertile crops in the deserts of Africa and China, the shimmering skyscrapers of Beijing, Moscow, Dubai, and Delhi. The overabundance of food in the street markets of Cape Town, Mogadishu, Melbourne, and Singapore. And the happy people going to work in Berlin, Sao Paulo, Tokyo, and Mexico City. One thought, voiced by an unnamed man watching one of the few net-stations that ran in the displacement cities that dotted the American southwest, rang true to everyone that heard it.  'America has been shamed, but I. Am.  Pissed. The. Fuck. Off!'

A resolve none found possible took hold of the fragmented nation, volunteers came out in the millions to rebuild, reclaim, and reconnect the population scattered by ashfall, crop failure, and urban decay. After only 2 years of revelation, the United States were whole again. And it was after some study of history, that Operation Sleeping Giant was enacted. 

Sleeping Giant was the largest disinformation campaign ever to be conceived. Laser defense systems at Colorado Springs, Mauna Kea, Bangor, Cape Canaveral, as well as Submarine pickets in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans to destroy or disable other nation's info-sats. Mass broadcasts of refugees trying to reach Mexico, and points south flooding ports of exodus, and recycled footage of failed crops. But also 'conscript tertitorial armies', using antiquated, but nonetheless deadly weapons of war in harsh punishment of her citizens, in defense of their borders, and for recreation.  Really all an asbestos curtain, to hide the life behind.

Khyla grew up near Phoenix, after being relocated from New York's ash choked skyline. There, given the opportunities to learn, she did excel in debate, and the business of politics. This, along with a decisive nature, streetwise education, and a keen eye for the nature of all the particular races, heritages, customs, and religions settled in her displacement city, made her an almost instant choice for the first Ambassadorial post to The Five Nations.

As the Chairman's droning of minutes, and previous business came to a close, a pinging registered in her headset. 'Two minutes.' chimed a voice of almost mechanical precision into her earpiece. 

'Game face now, girl. Remember these are the fuckers that your parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents sacrificed their lives, to save. They gave freely in the hopes that karma would pay us, their children, dividends. Produced great leaps in everything, including the rights of humanity, only to be betrayed like Caesar in the senate. Time to pull back the curtain, this is going to be fun.'

Moar to follow, got inspired, but need to sleep. Really focused on precision to spelling and grammar here.


It had been 50 years since World War III. America had caused the most damage and knowing them, they'll cause more. So that's when we had the perfect idea. We would fake a Worldwide isolation for 50 years. While they were left alone to rebuild, secretly we would all rebuild together and make a better world. Fresh water, disarments, and a more peaceful world. But all good things must come to an end. Our 50 years without them was up. But it did not go the way we expected.

.....

.....

.......

America changed under isolation. They realized they need to stop creating weapons and decided to move to their second best skill. We were unprepared for it.                   

....

THE MEMES. 50 years of dank American Memes they wanted to catch us up on. It happened so fast. They spread like a wildfire the moment the border dropped spreading memes to every country on Earth. It was chaos. Within 24 hours half of the total population was obsessed with memes. They were as far as the eye could see. How many memes did America make while they were in isolation? Was there even an answer?


' they're... they... oh. Is that a-a... mule?...'

It's easy to forgive Jake, the millenial inner-city kid who's only seen a cow on a soymilk carton. Not so easy to forgive Jake the West Point graduate and Marine recon company commander. He's sitting in his Fox IV submersible hovercraft, 12 miles off the coast of what used to be Russia, in the Barents icefield, blabbing away on the QR stream-of-consciousness style, like a rookie.

' Pull yourself together, mr. Parsons, and report!'

' I'm seeing a column of... people, Sir. Refugees, maybe, or a prison work gang. They have carts pulled by what look like mules, or very small horses. Can't see very well in this blizzard, our MQ-30 is dancing like a...!'

' Time to get ashore. Standard patrol deployment, MOPP gear and procedure. Leave the bird up as weather permits. And mr. Parsons. Do not wait for me to tell you to get out. Anything hinky, you bail. Anything looks like it MIGHT turn bad later, you bail. Any lights on the NBC board, you bail. I have released the forward battery of the Juneau into your immediate control. Godspeed.'

If there's a gulp, it gets swallowed by static. Five minutes of sustained fire from just the one battery could reduce the entire 'city' of Murmansk to rubble, and bury the rubble under a layer of freshly-powdered rubble. He knows it. I know it. Everybody knows it, who's on the circuit - to devolve such responsibility to so junior an officer means I anticipate trouble, of the kind that can't be reasoned with.

' Commodore, we have some activity in the S-band. Comms, not radar. Looks like sidelobe leak from a microwave relay.  We're still analyzing the protocol, but it looks like civilian stuff, low-entropy.'

' Somebody calling home for instructions perhaps. Good sign. Fire up the greeter.'

The greeter is something of an ongoing obsession with High Command and the politicos - the exact wording of the canned message has been argued back and forth for the past two years, and I'm only too glad to have been left out of the debate. It does make for a pretty sight though, lasers cutting through the morning mist to form the words 

DO NOT BE ALARMED. WE ARE THE US MILITARY. WE COME IN PEACE.

Cyrillics add an air of rune-magic to the proceedings, but I would have done away with the loudspeakers (on loan from Ft. Huachuca, 10 kW acoustic phased-array jobbies that can literally scramble brains like omelettes, if you set them to the right frequency). The red white and blue signals rockets I could live with, but red does take on a devilish hue in the mist. Oh well. Shock, awe, hearts, minds and all that.

[continue y/n]


No one know why.

Or how.

But they knew where; here, Home.

Or what remained. A crippled nation, shriveled into isolation by a mixture of fear and disgust over their own actions. Perhaps society was recklessly distraught; not one individual left without trauma; and thought it better to die than to endure another war. 

But a many few survived. And with survival, naturally comes hope. But it was hard. So hard it was made to be the largest evolutionary bottleneck in human history, save one, which crafted this hope in the first place.

That hope burned, smelted by the fires of hardship that stripped away impurities left behind by the people's forefathers. A steel was made that was more pure and sharp than had ever been seen. Armed with this steel, the people combined with it knowledge of the past and a clear vision of their future. They forged a new constitution, like the people before them did, the people before that, and the people before that. Knowledge upon knowledge paired with a bitter, seeping reminder of what they hoped never to near again.

And so walked forth from the ashes was a new era of mankind. Not perfect, but better. Built upon the last age, and learning for the next one. But something was different. They were ready to walk among the stars.

They did not call themselves American.

Or Chinese. Or British. Or Russian. Or Australian. Or Sudanese. They did not call themselves by their Home.

They called themselves for who they were. They were the Terrans.

And the name *stuck*.


The war was a mistake. Like so many great squabbles in history, WWIII began over a misunderstanding. The US missile detection systems picked up a surprising large nuclear salvo from The People's Republic of Korea. The US retaliated with overwhelming force. China backed their ally and responded as expected. People expect nukes to end wars, but this time they started them.

The world burned and bled for six long years. Finally, a meeting was held. Some say one side called it, and some say the other did. This meeting brought forth The Closed Doors treaty. For fifty years, every nation would tend to its own people, rebuilding what once was in theory. However, this was not the first conference that had been held. The one before excluded the United States of America. The world believed that the mistake was just an excuse to attack, given the line of unstable presidents leading up to the first strike. For fifty years, the world would be dark and silent to the US only. No communication would be had with any terrestrial nation.

The world didn't expect the US to communicate with an extraterrestrial nation. They presented themselves as the strong but peaceful world leaders they once were so long ago. The outsiders believed them and taught them. They traded rare metals and strange chemical compounds for things abundant on earth like iron and silica. The Americans were given future-changing sciences and technology for a few tons of dirt.

Up until the communication wall finally fell, the rest of the world was arrogant in their progress. They had cured diseases, established cheap, renewable energy systems. There was progress into hyper-conductive materials and faster-than-light travel. The world was in anxious peace leading up to the end of the fifty year period.

When the wall did come down, the world held a reintroduction convention. The American representative was told to quietly listen to every world leader's advancements and progress, as if to show them how far behind they were and how it was their own fault. Leader after leader sneered as they delivered their presentation. The convention lasted eleven days. On the start of the twelfth, the American was given his chance to speak, much to the disdain of the rest of the world. He said no words. Instead he took a small device from his pocket, pressed a few buttons on it, and instantly beamed a presentation all of the US' progress into the minds of the other leaders. 

and the world wept


It was Friday morning. Time to check his bank accounts. Time to pay his bills. Time to—

What The Fuck?!

"$12490004949902 CHEQUING ACCOUNT"

Ummm. 

Ummm.

Paul waited a little whlie longer, then closed the browser, reopened it and reread his balance.  

"$12490004949902 CHEQUING ACCOUNT"

Still unconvinced this wasn't a hallucination or some wonderful, wonderful dream, Paul opened his chequing history. 

"$832.21 DENNYS PAY  
$12490004947902.01 C-15375 TRIBUTE"

Tribute? Paul picked up his phone and dialed the bank.

"Hello, Mr. Thomson! How are you today?" answered a perky female.

"Ugh, fine? Is this a recording?"

She laughed. 

"No, no recording for you Mr. Thomson. We value our most valued customers. We know your time is more valuable than ours."

"Okay..."

"How can I help you, sir?"

Paul searched for a way to start the conversation. What do you say when a number so large that you don't even know what it's called ends up in your bank account? When one week you wait an hour to complain about account fees and they next they treat you like royalty?

"My account..." he began, "my chequing."

"Yes! I see you had a complaint last week about account fees. Don't you worry anymore, we will no longer be charging your account. Your balance is well beyond the minimum requirement."

"Umm, thanks."

"You're most welcome, Mr. Thomson. Is there anything else I can help you with?" 

"Ummm. C-15375 TRIBUTE, do you know where that came from?"

He heard the sputter of keyboard strokes. 

"Ah, yes, this did puzzle the management, they even left a special note on your account. Would you like me to read it?" the woman asked.

"Yes, please."

"Mr. Paul Thomson, account 1435533-2234, CHEQUING. As we have witnessed, an overwhelming sum of money has been deposited into this account. A full investigation has been put underway and uncovered the rights of the star, C-15375, purchased by Mr. Henry Thomson, 2017. Unknown at the time, the star is the focal of the Histarians, a race of human-like beings. Upon receiving a transmission of the purchase, the Histarians sent a large vessel, laced and filled with gold. Instructions informed the vessel and all contents be converted to the currency of the planet. If Mr. Thomson does not send back a confirmation of receiving the sum, war and annihilation are to follow. Despite our best ideas to cover-up and terminate Mr. Thomson, we have decided annihilation is not worth the risk. We understand this is a departure from the last 500 years, but the decision is final. For further questions, contact 555-555-5551."

"Wow..." 

"Quite amazing, Mr. Thomson. Would you like me to repeat it?"

"No, that's fine," said Paul, "just send me a copy."

"Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Thomson?"

"Do you know how to purchase an intergalactic spaceship?"

"Certainly, Mr. Thomson, let me help you with that."

----

EDIT: Got to work early and wrote out part 2 on my phone and accidently hit the "X" when trying to scroll up (My heart, tis shattered). It'll have to wait till tomorrow since I work all night. But the material is there so it will come! Thank you for the interest and comments. I appreciate them all! I'll put part 2 here but also on /r/ItsPronouncedGif to make it easier.

UPDATE: Part 2 is up and down below. Also, it can be found here [Chapter 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ItsPronouncedGif/comments/78o244/life_after_dennys_first_chapter_combined_with_wp/). I've combined it with Part 1 to create a first chapter. Thank you all again for the support so far. Work's pretty busy so I'm going to try to get to as many comments as I can, but if I don't get to you, rest assured, I have read it and appreciate hearing from you. You guys have some creative minds and it's awesome reading through your interpretations and ideas!


'Excuse me, but what did you just say?' I asked the brutish green humanoid before me.

'You are hereby now the ruler of the Orcish Empire,' the alien said. 'I'm duty-bound to serve as your bodyguard and advisor, Your Imperialness.'

Orcs are gigantic compared to humans, their heads standing taller than anyone else in the room by at least 8 feet and saying that an orc was built like a brick shit house was a huge understatement. These creatures were fast enough to chase down speeding cars, strong enough to rip a tank in half and could take heavy artillery from most other species like they were paintball shots.

Now I've never seen orcs in person before, only on TV and in movies, but even now I could tell that Brom made any other *orc* he could possibly encounter look like a slender pre-teen standing next to a professional weightlifter. We were having this conversation outside my battered old house mainly because the ten feet of steel would have to rip the wall off my house to get inside. And I was afraid he could actually do it.

'*How?*' was all I could possibly ask.

'Well, it's both extraordinarily complex and... surprisingly stupid,' the orc chuckled. He was constantly glancing about, making himself a wall between me and whatever threats he could possibly identify. 'Well, for the complicated parts, whatever chain of command that existed a month ago, when the previous emperor died, no longer exists. When he died he had several of his heirs disowned for being unbecoming of the orcs. War criminals and slavers, mostly. And they chose to try and take the throne for themselves, murdering the only other heirs. Due to five century of rigorous inbreeding there were no branch families.'

'And how the fuck do I figure into this?!' I asked.

'A barely legal star deed,' the orc said as he held up a certificate.

It was a name deed, one that lay claim to a binary star system somewhere in the Andromeda galaxy. It was registered so a man named Gerard O'Loughlin.

'Your grandfather paid about $20 for his name to be given to a star,' Brom chuckled. 'It barely constitutes to ownership of the whole star... But given the dire circumstances and to prevent civil war, it's the best we've got.'

'Fuck, and I'm just trying to scrape by enough funds to pay off my student loans and still have enough to eat,' I said to myself.

He brought up a holographic interface before himself and looked over records before pressing a single button. 'Payment confirmed,' Brom said. 'It's best we leave as soon as possible, sir.'

'And what if the orcs don't want to acknowledge me as their leader?' I asked. 'I'm not exactly someone who would command respect in a room filled with people weighing a ton.'

'Of course,' Brom said with a chuckle as he signaled me towards a vessel. 'And the gravity on Draenor will probably kill you instantly. We've got everything sorted.'


"You can’t wear that," Inorai said, and her eyes narrowed in disapproval.

I looked at my dress and wedges and then back at my assistant. She shook her head, her eyes now focusing on the digital clipboard. I’d hired her as soon as I found out that… well, I was an *empress*. I let out a giggle. That word still sounded too funny.

"I’m not doing it."

She looked up, her dark eyes as stern as the ginger hair knot on her head was tight. "What do you mean? You have to."

"As the ruler of this galaxy, I have no obligations other than–"

"Okay listen, Blaire, you know that’s not true. You have more obligations now than ever. You need to talk to your people. You need to establish trust. And nobody’s going to trust an empress who dresses like a cheap Molarian."

"You’re fired," I said, pouting.

"Right now, I’m your best friend, and I have years of experience in..."

She kept talking, but I zoned out and paced over to the balcony. Below, the evergreens shot up over the oily black solar panels of the city. The long ponds mirrored the pale blue sky before cascading down to the next level of Azure Dome. From up here, you couldn’t even see the lowest levels of the capital, and the sewers where I’d grown up. It was strange to me how well the suffering was hidden. One could probably live out their entire life here without ever even having to think about the scum.

"…and besides, you’re the one who has to lead now. It’s not like you can just shrug off all the responsibilities. Are you even listening?" Inorai threw up her hands in frustration.

"Fine, I’ll do it," I said and dropped the dress that she had referred to as ‘cheap,’ even though it cost more than a year’s salary on my previous job.

She gasped and politely covered her eyes to my sudden nudity. I imagined her to hold the same pose with her hand shielding her eyes when she was forced to visit parts of the city below level three. Disgusted, I started wriggling into the skintight outfit of polytryazic silver. It wasn’t right that there were clothes more expensive than cities.

"You’re actually going to?" she said after a while.

"Yes, I told you."

"Right, great! I, uh, okay. A couple of things about manners and the way you carry yourself in public from now on…" she droned on.

I sighed and started putting the strange ribbon crown into my hair. She’d wanted me to hire professional fashionistas and makeup artists, but really, somewhere you had to draw the line. I took a look in the mirror. The crown looked like the ribbon on a present wrapping and doodled in strings of mercury down my black hair. I made an ugly grimace at my reflection who didn’t seem very pleased at seeing me either.

"What’s our closest galaxy?" I said.

"That would be The Milky Way."

"Who lives there?" 

"You have to know that." She gave me a look of disapproval. "That’s where we once came from."

"Right, I was just kidding," I lied.

She rolled her eyes. "Are you ready for the broadcast?"

"Yes…"

She handed me the tablet, and it showed a hand imprint. I placed my palm on it and felt a sting on the tip of my index finger as it scanned my print and took my DNA key. A counter on the screen started ticking down. When it hit zero a tiny replica of me rose out of the screen, and a box with red neon letters said ‘Live Broadcast.’

"Greetings, citizens of Andromeda," I said, pulling my voice into a haughty tone. "I am speaking to you for the first time as your Empress."

I let my words hang in the air for a while for effect, just as I’ve practiced.

"We are different people on different worlds with different religions and culture, but we share one thing. Every child no matter of social status has been taught that we, the Andromedians, are the greatest. We know this. It’s in our bones and blood – in our souls. That’s what I was told when I shoveled dirt and filth down in the sewers. That’s what you’ve all been told."

I paused again and took a deep breath.

"Starting now, we’re no longer a civilization of peace."

I heard Inorai gasp behind me as I broke script.  

"We’re going to put it all to the test. We’ll start by conquering The Milky Way, and from there on, the rest of the universe. I will lead us into a new era."

***
r/Lilwa_Dexel


The young, precocious redheaded girl stared at the hologram that floated in front of her from the marble floor. 

The video showed a man with a goofy smile and the fuzz of a beard growing on his face holding up his camera as he vlogged and pointed at his computer screen at an image of the night sky. The man in the video zoomed in on one particular star system, until a little fuzzy white star came into view. He threw an animation on top of it of text rolling by, as he talked about how it was his by law now. The text read “That’s Mine Bitches.” 

“That was your great, great, great, great, grandfather Gilberto,” said Matthew, to his young daughter Emily. The man in the video threw some M & M’s in the air, that all clanked one after the other in his mouth. He posed in front of the camera with his hand on his chin as he chewed. “A few centuries ago, he purchased this star.” 

Matthew dropped the curtains of their mansion, and pointed at the sun in the sky above their capital city. A few older, beaten up flying cars passed through the view of the city in the sky, but the view was otherwise unobscured. They stared straight at the sun, as the windows had built in protections from UV radiation. 

“I know the story,” said Emily, rolling her eyes and looking at her father like she was worried something more was the matter. Matthew put a hand in the air like there was more, as he limped over to a hologram. “Are you okay?” 

“Let me finish sweetheart,” said Matthew, as he laughed some to himself. Emily was never one to care much about history. She simply enjoyed the life of an intergalactic princess. Matthew took a moment to cherish the memories he had watching his only daughter grow up, as he started to cry. “I,” Matthew bit his knuckle with his teeth as he composed himself. “I was in the wrong star system at the wrong time this past weekend. I’m healthy now, but I may not have much time and I have to go back to our ancestor’s home star to get the treatments they’ve held from the outer galaxies.” 

“*What?*” asked Emily, wandering his way through the hologram of their ancestor as he took a rocket ship into space as an older man. His beard floated up a moment while they were in space, before he went into hyperdrive to his new home. “What do you mean?” 

Matthew did his best to not look his daughter in the eyes a moment, and distracted himself from his emotions by watching their ancestor set foot on his new home as an old man. He set a flag down while wearing a thin astronaut suit, as robots scattered from their spaceship to analyze the resources and begin building power plants, greenhouses, houses and more for the needs of the planet. Gilberto looked straight into the flying camera of a drone and smiled with all his teeth as he flipped off the camera with both hands. 

“You know Gilberto,” said Matthew, smiling as he remembered all the hilarious videos he’d watched of their ancestor. He forgot his pain for a moment. “Gilberto was a man of strange talents packaged into an odd exterior personality. He bought a star in his youth that became one of the more profitable little jump off points for life in the outer galaxies.” 

Emily noticed something in her father’s eyes. 

“Are you bleeding?” she said, with a horrified face as she walked through a hologram of their ancestor taking in the first breath of fresh air of their world. A whole chorus of other people followed behind, young and filled with life. They were only fetuses before they were raised on the planet. Emily studied the redness in the whites of his eyes. Matthew waved her off. 

“It’s only burst blood vessels,” said Matthew. He nodded in the direction of the hologram, as their ancestor held up papers and ‘made them rain’ as they used to say in front of a Skype call with politicians back on Earth who simply stared blankly at him with unamused faces. “For Gilberto, foresight was 20/20 really. At least that’s the saying that’s come and gone out of usage in our family to describe him.” 

“Stop *talking* about Gilberto and TELL ME WHAT’S HAPPENING,” shouted Emily as a sensor on her dress tripped, and gave her a flashing red hologram’s warning that her blood pressure was too high. A second later her vitals showed she was at risk of fainting. 

“Settle down sweetheart,” said Matthew, shaking his head like he needed her to not act like this. “You can’t be that way, not if..” Matthew looked at his guards in red, flowing suits approaching from the door, and gave them a look. They nodded, and left to give him more time. “You can’t act that way if you’re going to lead.” 

Emily held still a moment, and suddenly became aware of her breathing. 

“You can’t mean it,” she said, terrified and pointing at herself. "Not me, you can't mean it. Dad?" 

“You have the talents,” said Matthew, nodding at Gilberto as he ran through blueprints of building up different town centers with their ancestral androids now on display in their museums. “I don’t mean to frighten you, you won’t be involved with day to day decision making. But, all final say, for this brief period of time..” 

“I don’-,” sniffled Emily, huddling into a ball on their plush, living couch that adjusted its feel to your mood. A few of her old stuffed animals on the shelf briefly exited their slumber, and stood up with concern to waddle over to their owner. Almost like if the Toys in Toy Story would stop pretending they weren’t alive and tried to talk to Andy. “I don’t want it.” 

Matthew felt his chest a moment, before he dropped his hand. He didn’t want to let it show. His silver suit glimmered in the sunlight, as he looked with pride at his daughter. 

“It’s law here, no other line can rule. Until I return, whether you want it or not,” said Matthew, as the hologram displayed billions of stars, and zoomed out to display the galaxies of their empire. They revolved around Emily. “This world and the near galaxies are yours.” 

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Oscar_Relentos/comments/78jc70/scifi_emily_of_the_stars_part_2/)


Carl watched as the being devoured the man that had been clipping his nails next to him on his flight. Instinctively, he wiped the specks of blood from his jacket. Pointless, he thought, and closed his eyes. At least it would be quick and painless. 

Opening his eyes after what felt like an eternity, he gasped. The tentacles had retracted, and the husk that was left resembled a giant brain. 

 >TESTING TESTING

Huh? Where had that come from?

>DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?

Carl nodded and gulped at the same time. 

>ARE YOU CARL

Nodding again, he squinted in confusion. 

>WELCOME HOME EXALTED ONE

Home? Home was a cube the size of a refrigerator on Zormax 4. Here? He didn't really know where he was. He had accepted one of those "you've won a free cruise to the Wastes" mindchip calls, out of sheer desperation for a bit of a vacation. 

>IS IT REALLY THE SIZE OF A REFRIGERATOR

Carl nodded, his head seemingly stuck in a loop. "Uh... yes? It's... quite nice though."

>WHERE DO YOU WORK? AN ENERGY STATION? HA. HA. HA.

Normally, Carl would make a quip back. He dealt with enough shit from intergalactic truckers to take criticism for what he did, but this time was different. He wasn't sure whether or not he would be turned into a meat slushie like Gustav over there had.

>MEAT SLUSHIE? DO THEY SELL THOSE ON ZORMAX 4?

Shaking his head, Carl sighed. "Who are you? How do you know my name?"

>YOUR GREAT GREAT GREAT GRANDFATHER, WITH A FEW HUNDRED MORE GREATS, PURCHASED THIS STAR EONS AGO. WE  MET HIM THEN, WHEN WE WERE LITTLE MORE THAN THE SIZE OF ER, WHAT YOU CALL FLEAS. OUR TRANSPORT SHIP HAD CRASHED AND AFTER THE ORDEAL WAS DONE, WE ASSUME HE DECIDED TO BUY THE STAR AS A REMINDER

"Er, my grand...father?" 

>YES. HE HAD TO PROTECT US FROM OVERZEALOUS MOVIE PRODUCERS. THEY THOUGHT WE WOULD BE THE NEXT E.T. BUT WE KNEW OUR IMAGE RIGHTS WOULD BE EXPLOITED. THANKFULLY YOUR GREAT GRANDFATHER SNUCK US INTO A STARSHIP WHICH WE COMMANDEERED HOME

"Are you serious? What does this have to do with me?"

>WELL TECHNICALLY THE DEED IS STILL VALID. IT TOOK US A FEW MILLENIA TO FIND THE DESCENDANT WHO LEGALLY OWNED THIS PLACE. JANICE FROM THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT WAS MEANT TO DO IT A FEW THOUSAND YEARS AGO BUT SHE WENT ON MAT LEAVE. SO WHEN WE FOUND OUT YOU WERE TAKING THAT CRUISE IN THE NEIGHBOURHOOD, WE FIGURED WE'D REACH OUT AND INTRODUCE OURSELVES

"And you want me to..."

>WELL, ITS UP TO YOU. YOU'RE SORT OF THE BOSS AROUND HERE NOW. WE'VE GOT A NICE LITTLE SYSTEM GOING HERE. A FEW HUNDRED PLANETS CONQUERED, SOME BLOOD FARMS DOWN THE ROAD. LIFE'S GOOD 

Carl looked at the stain formerly known as Gustav, and grimaced.
"What about..."

>HIM? OH HE WAS GOING TO KILL YOU OR EXTORT MONEY TO GET YOU HOME. YOU KNOW THOSE CRUISES ARE SCAMS RIGHT? 
ANYWAY, LET ME SHOW YOU AROUND


"Hey guys?” Anthony said, fidgeting onboard an intergalactic spaceship. “I’m really not comfortable with this.”

The tiny yellow creatures around him looked up, some with their one eye, others with two. Their brows furrowed and one of them pushed through the crowd.

“But Anthony,” Melrose, the leader of these creatures, with short stubby limbs and a single eye, said, “you have bought us. You own our stars, our land, and all that inhabit it. We exist to serve you.”

“Ok, sure, but when I get off this ship, do I really need to walk down a staircase made of… whatever you guys are called? I meant, can’t we just use a normal staircase?”

“A normal staircase?” Melrose chuckled and the rest of the yellow creatures laughed. “Oh benevolent master, how else will we *whatever you call us* know that we are merely dirt beneath your feet, to be stepped on and used as you see fit?”

“Okay, that’s also another issue,” Anthony said. “Also, don’t call me Master. I mean, I’m black. My people have spent centuries getting away from that.”

“Would you prefer Our Owner? The Man who has Bought Us? The Wrathful God who we are Mere Toys to?”

For a second, Anthony could only stare, his jaw slack. “Master is fine,” he relented.

“Now, we must talk about your ceremonies. We have prepared virgins to sacrifice on your alter.”

“Woah, woah, woah!” Anthony waved his hands. “No, I do not want that.”

“What’s wrong with virgins?” Melrose asked.

A hushed clamor sounded throughout the ship. “Are you saying I can’t be sacrificed anymore?” a voice chimed in.

“No!” Anthony shouted. “And virginity’s not the problem! I just don’t want sacrifices. Hell, I’m a virgin!”

A round of gasps sounded. “But Master,” Melrose said. “You are already of twenty-six earth year’s age. Your most prominent years or reproduction are ending. It is time’s like this when virgin sacrifices are most necessary.”

“Okay, no. First of all, I still have a few good years left. And secondly, I don’t want your virgin sacrifices!”

A silence settled in the hull of the ship interrupted only by the creak of metal. Melrose sighed and spoke into the communicator he wore on his wrist. “Cancel the ceremony,” he said. “Our Master has demanded so.”

“But we spent months preparing for it!” a distressed voice said back. “We’ve made promises. Written checks. Prepared virgins!”

Melrose turned, replying in a whisper but still loud enough for Anthony to hear. “Well, what do you want me to do about it? Our lives are but playthings to our Master. He doesn’t care how much effort we put into these things. We are dirt beneath his feet.”

Anthony put up a finger to protest. “Well, hold on. That’s not fair.” But he couldn’t get a single word in.

“If he so willed it, he could take the stars from us and leave our people shivering until our hearts freeze over and our parents, our friends, and our children all die,” Melrose said. “We are worth less than the insects he slaps away.”

“That’s not true either.” Anthony raised his finger and his voice, but to no avail. 

“For all of eternity, our crop will belong to him. Our children will be his. No fruit we bear, nor—”

“Stop! Stop! Stop!” Anthony stepped up to Melrose. “Who the hell do you think I am? My grandfather bought me a star to name when he was drunk. I am *not* some God or some Owner or some Master. In fact, if I was, my first order of business would be to free you all. There, you don’t have to call me Master anymore.”

His voice echoed throughout the ship. Nobody else spoke. Then, the communicator cackled.

“Damn it, Melrose,” the voice said. “Not even our Master wants us!”

Melrose’s single eye teared up.

Anthony shook his head. “Well… no, that’s not what I said.”

But his words didn’t help. Tears burst out of Melrose’s eye as he fell onto the floor wailing. “I’m so sorry,” he cried in between heaving breaths. “I just wanted to make you happy.”

“Damn it, Melrose! We entrusted this to you!” the voice from the communicator shouted. “You incompetent bastard.”

“Okay, Melrose, you're not incompetent. That’s not at all what this is… look listen to me… it’s not you, its’ me.”

One by one, the yellow creatures burst into tears, each collapsing onto the floor and wailing. Anthony looked around, his brow raised, mouth agape, and heart racing.

“Okay!” he screamed, shutting everyone up. “Okay! Okay! You guys aren’t free. I won’t set you free.”

Melrose picked himself up, wiping his eye. “Really? And we can still call you Master?”

Anthony sighed. “Sure, you can call me whatever you want.”

“And the staircase made of our backs? We can still do that?”

Anthony pursed his lips. “Sure, that too.”

“And the virgins?”

“Oh God damn it!”


It was raining. Again. All day. The drains were starting to back up. 

Drip
Drip
Drip

Michael sighed. He was sick of rain, all it ever did in this country was rain. 

And now it was coming through his ceiling.

Michael reluctantly grabbed his jacket deciding he needed to go to the hardware store. He locked the door and turned around, he noticed that it was darker than usual, even in the rain. The sky had an almost sepia tone to it. Shrugging it off he started walking down the street, out of the corner of his eye he saw a sudden movement. Glancing over he saw a man in a full length raincoat. 

 *Just some guy*

Soon later he reached the store and set about gathering the supplies for his damned roof. Suddenly the lights dimmed. Michael swore for a split second he saw the rain soaked man. 

He shock his head and turned to grab the screws off the shelf. Instead of finding screws he turned into a solid wall of wet rubber.

*"Drih dew jusb-pa, Michael hauej kuk"*

Michael looked up at the towering figure, had it always been this tall? Did it say his name? Feeling a thrill, Michael started to back away. 

*"Drih dew!!"* the towering figure boomed. The thing reached into it's 'jacket' and Michael turned to run in panic.

"Stop human," said the creature, "you are Michael correct? Related to the human known as Paul Young?"

Stunned and trying to comprehend what was happening, Michael tried to think. Paul Young? He vaguely remembered his father telling him about someone by that name. 

Then it clicked. Paul Young, his father's Great, Great grandfather. He died in 2018, it was said to be suicide but his children and decendants didn't beleive it. Not that it mattered to Michael, some long since dead man meant little to him. It *was* 2201 after all. No, Michael was safe in his own little bubble on this facsimile of ancient Earth. He didn't need anything, want for anything other than a choice to move to a less rain swept continent. At least the designers had got that right...

"You are Michael, yes?" Asked the creature again, "I apologise for scaring you, my autotranslate device hadn't downloaded enough from your information net to vocabularise my speech." 

"Alright..." 

"You must be stunned by my magnificence."

"You could say something like that," Michael replied sarcastically.

"Or not," said the creature dryly, "in any case I am in the simplest terms you can understand, an alien"

"Simplest terms, yeah okay," Michael looked at the creature in pity. It was clearly a humourless creature. "The Earth Confederacy, has been around for 150 years the concept of alien life isn't unknown to us."

"But this world is primitive?" Argued the creature the only advanced technology is fission based energy."

"A copy, facsimile or whatever you want to call it, real earth died. Some of us live here to avoid the rest of humanity," Michael snapped back, "what do you want alien?"

Sensing an opportunity to get back to the point, the alien withdrew a small cylinder from inside it's schmock and handed it to Michael. "This is from your Grandfather. It is the collective will and testament that you are now the sole inheritant to the title of EMPEROR and the ruler of the Prax Empire."

"You have got to be kidding me?"

"What is kidding?" The alien dipped his head listening to something, "ah a joke at your expense. I assure you not."

"I don't want it."

"It is impossible, it is mandatory."

Michael started to back off, he knew he believed this creature. But he was happy alone, with his colours, the rain, his *family*. He couldn't leave them. He needed to get home before things rotted. It was also mandatory. 

Michael sniggered to himself.

"What is your name alien?" 

"My name is long, so I shall be called whatever you deem it"

Michael pondered a moment, he needed something fitting. "You are called Meat, creature"

"By your will Emperor."

"I need to return home and gather my things, can you come with me?" 

Of course, in fact if you will allow it I can transport us there instantly.

Why not Meat, what do we do?

Meat clasped his shoulder. "It is done"

Michael blinked, disoriented. Slowly he opened his eyes and sure enough he was home, he turned to the creature and saw that it had disrobed. It's long slender neck exposed. Michael grinned, as he reconsised it's weakness. He went into the kitchen as the alien started jabbering. 

"Michael, your grandfather purchased our Empire long ago. He used the last of his savings to do so. He was our first human ruler. He was a great man. He sought to unite our species. Even bred with our females to bring genetic unity."

Michael grinned, some more, hoping this annoyance to his life would continue. The colours were swirling in his mind. He could feel what was coming.

Meat looked around, Michael had his back turned. His purpose was reaching a crescendo. Soon he would return home, at last. The alien peered though a crack in the door behind him. He could smell what was in there. Could smell it from the street. He knew what it meant. He also understood the undertones Michael had used before coming here. What Michael didn't realise was why he was here. 

Michael returned from the kitchen, but Meat had gone. Looking around Michael clasped onto the knife behind his back. His eyes darted as he sought his prey. He didn't hear a sound until Meat rematerialised behind him and promptly knocked him to the ground, imobilising him. 

"Michael," said Meat, "I lied to you. I have watched you for many years I have seen what you have done. I had hoped your grandfather was an isolated case amongst humanity. But I was wrong. You are vermin.  Your grandfather came to my world and killed, raped and poisoned our world. Because he thought he owned it. You are his heir. You have killed your family and you keep them in that room. I am a product of your grandfathers experiments. I am half human. I am vermin just like yourself."

Michael couldn't move, his eyes watered, he tried blinking but it was impossible. His grandfather had lived and was apparently just like him. He thought of the cold embrace of his mother's boney arms, imagining her sweet scent in his nostrils. This alien vermin gesturing in front of him. He laughed to himself. So here it is.

Meat looked at Michael in sympathy. This being the second human he had met, surely the rest of his species wasn't the same. But then again his homeworld was dead. Brought about by human hands or so his device told him. He concluded that humanity was a stain on the universe.

"Michael, you are now free of your obligation of Emperor, as will humanity be eradicated from the universe. I was sent here as a test of loyalty by my people. I was a subject of your grandfather. I will be glad to kill you, Brother..."


In 2017, my great great great great grandfather, Jameson Pearlson purchased a star, VY Canis Majoris, he was 12 at the time of purchase and was, in his time, considered to be a massive nerd who was obsessed with space. Thirty years later, when he was 42, he was designated as the leader of an exploratory/colony mission to the very star system that he had purchased, a decision that he had persisted on again and again until his superiors finally caved in. On May 14th, 2047, he left Earth, leaving his wife of twenty years and his 15 year old son behind. He maintained contact with mission command until he and his team initiated warp drive, from that point on communication ceased, and Pearlson was never heard from again. 

Fast-forward 300 years and you have me, Jeremy Peets, a middle-class nobody working 40 hours a week for a robotics repair center in lower Miami, Florida. I had no family, only a handful of friends, most of which were slowly becoming to entrenched in their love-life to have time for me, and nobody looking forward to seeing me when I got home. Home was a mere 500 square foot box with a couple paper-thin walls making three small rooms for a bed and a bathroom, and the main room being the living room. Even working 40 hours a week I barely had enough money to pay for my living arrangements and food. I was tired of the monotony of it all and everyday I became just a little more depressed. 

One day, as I approached the door to my small apartment on the 20th floor of a 200 story mega apartment building, I noticed that my door wasn't closed entirely. It was pushed up against the threshold, but wasn't quite latched. My first instinct was to back away and call building security, but the part of me that had just gotten off a double shift decided I didn't care that much and pushed the door open anyway. Inside, sitting on my sofa and flipping through the stations on my small plasma television set, were two people dressed in turquoise colored robes with a trio of golden horns set upon their head. Upon my entrance, they stood, turned off the television set, and bowed before me.

"Uhm.." was all I could mutter, the strangeness of the situation was overwhelming. 

The one on the left, the larger of the two, well built and with a head of curly brown hair, spoke first. "Lord Peets, we beg pardon for our intrusion, but we come bearing news from the Pearlson Empire in the Canis Majoris Nebula." His voice was deep and demanded attention.

I closed my eyes, put my hands up to my temples and rubbed. "What.. How.. No.. I don't want what you're selling, just leave." I stammered, wanting nothing to do with this ridiculousness. 

The one on the right spoke now, she was smaller, and her eyes were a burning purple color, the likes of which I had not seen outside of raves. "Lord Peets, I don't think you understand. We are not here to sell you anything. We are here to give you the keys to a kingdom you could not even begin to imagine yet."

"Let me guess," I interrupted, "All you need is my bank account information?"

"No," spoke the male, "We simply need you to listen." 

The female continued where the male stopped, "Three centuries ago, one of your ancestors left this world and flew to the stars where he created his own galactic empire that has grown, undisturbed by most outside forces. He passed his throne down through his blood-line, but alas his great great great grandson was impotent and birthed no heirs. You, Jeremy Peets, are the closest living heir to the Pearlson Empire, and we aare here to bring you to your rightful place, at the head of our empire. You will become a king among kings, experience riches beyond your wildest dreams, and have nearly unlimited power at your fingertips. You just need to come with us."

I stood in the doorway of my small apartment, baffled by what I had just heard. I looked around, partly looking for a hidden camera, partly imagining my life drenched in gold and diamonds. I met the gaze of the two intruders, and against my normal, and often better, judgement I replied, "Take me."

Edit: Paragraph breaks


"Hello?" 

"Greetings earthling, it is extremely impressive that you are able to receive this message with such primitive technology." Snickered the deep voice coming from Dave's phone.

"Umm yeah.. who is this?" 

"This is Z'eyroxse, destroyer of galaxies, the one who's name strikes fear into every creature!" Boomed the creature.

"Okay. What do you want?" Said Dave, clearly not wanting to deal with this shit.

"It appears that you are the legal owner of galaxy C5778-BB, and that is a problem."

"Uh huh... why?"

"Why that is the very galaxy that I was birthed in! I cannot allow for some pathetic Earth creature to control my homeland, so I demand you hand over the title of owner to me!"

"Umm.
No."

"DO YOU THINK YOU HAVE A CHOICE HUMAN!? I SHALL ANIHILATE YOUR ENTIRE GALAXY IF YOU DO NOT GIVE ME MY GAL--"

Hanging up, Dave sighed as he sat down onto his bed. 

"I knew I shouldn't have eaten those damn shrooms."


I checked my email, like I do everyday. At first, everything seemed normal. However, one letter popped out to me.

From: Department of Records
Subject: Deed of Ownership
Dear Mr. Fry,
We have discovered a very old record in our archives, from the year 2017. A man we believe to be from your great great great grandfather. The record details the purchase of a small star system, known as 573673460435606b, which is located along the outer rim. Of course, for the last century such deeds were considered invalid. However, due to a new piece of legislation allowing private citizens to own stars, and all their attached planets, their moons, and asteroids. According to our records, three of the planets have life, one of which has complex life, but the system has no sapient creatures of any kind, nor any border contentment, and as such, the deed is valid. 
You are now recognized as the legal and rightful owner of the star and all of its satellites, and, subject to Imperial law, govern them as you see fit. 

Wow. Owner of a star system! I have always wanted to go explore space. But for all my life, I have lived on Selene, Terra's moon. Selene is a fairly nice place to live, and I make good money working as an administrator for a ship-construction company (ship building mining materials for building them are by far the largest industries on Selene). Of course heading so far from Sol is no flash decision, since I'd have to wait for a stable wormhole to open to that part of the galaxy, which could take seconds or never happen at all. I decided to set up a notice for when a wormhole opens, and head back to my apartment to plan what would happen next

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(This is all I have so far. Any feedback is greatly appreciated!) 
EDIT: Added space between the words and the dashes. Apparently they make text gigantic :/


Most families that live in the Summit Meadows neighborhood chose the suburban paradise for its fair weather and peaceful ambiance. It's currently ranked the fourth most ideal place in America to raise a family, as chosen by Consumer Report magazine, which states, “the suburban quiet is broken only by the sounds of bicycles, birds and the occasional lawnmower.”

But on July 18th,  exactly one month after the Great Un-mugging, the cul-de-sac in Summit Meadows was alive and buzzing.

The children of 1134, 1136, and 1148 Meadow Drive – seven heads in all – gathered together at the grass island enclosed by the pavement circle, each child trying their best to shout over their peers.

Jacob was the oldest, the tallest, and also the loudest, which made him the ringleader by default. Eventually the arguing subsided, order was established, and then he was able to hold court.

“Me and Sophia snuck into the Baker house last night,” he announced. “We saw the mug. Tom's dad is at number three now.”

“Prove it,” Jennifer said, a small freckled girl with a shock of red hair tumbling out of a ponytail. “Where's the mug? You did take it...didn't you?”

“I was gonna, but Sophia got scared. Thought we would get in trouble.”

“I wasn't fraid of getting in trouble!” said Sophia. “I was just sayin we wasn't no thieves, that's all.”

A shiny silver SUV turned onto the street and drove towards the group of children standing at the dead-end. The group turned to study the car, waiting for it to come into view.

“That's Tom and his dad now,” Jacob said, as it neared. “Everyone shut up and act normal. Anyone rats on me and you're dead.”

The SUV pulled into the drive of 1132 Meadow Drive and the engine died. There was a slam of doors and Tom and his father emerged from the car. 

“Hey-ya kids,” Tom's dad said, loosening his tie. “What are you rascals up to today? Hopefully not getting into any trouble this time. Mrs. Dobinsky still hasn't let me off the hook for letting you lot dig up her flower bed.”

“N-no sir, of course not,” Jacob said. “We was just thinking of trying to get a game of street hockey organized.”

Tom's father smiled. “Sounds like fun. Tom and I have to have a talk first, but then he should be able to join you.” He winked. “You can pick him last if you want, he won't mind.”

Tom was already heading into the house, doing his best to avoid eye-contact with both his father and the rest of the group. 

The group of children waited dutifully until the front door slammed behind the father-son duo before speaking. Jennifer craned her neck, checking that they were gone, then took the risk.

“He hasn't been around for weeks, now all of a sudden he's number three,” she breathed. “If that's true, then that means...”

“He jumped up almost ten slots,” Jacob said, finishing everyone's thoughts. 

“What does it even mean to be the number one dad?” Sophia asked. “Everyone just says its that the coolest, nicest, richest dad is number one. But ain't nobody knows what they judging them on. It could be anything, really.”

“Whatever it measures, Tom's dad is gonna be number one in it soon,” Jacob said.

Just then there was a shout from inside 1132 Meadow Drive and the door sprang open. “I hate you!” Tom screamed, wiping tears from his eyes. He bolted across the lawn and down the street, disappearing into the shimmering haze of the July heat.

Tom's father flew out the door after him. “Tom, come back! Will you just let me explain-” He trailed off, aware that the eyes of the entire neighborhood were still on him.

“Sorry you had to see that guys,” he said. “Ice cream on me later if you promise not to tell Mrs. Baker about this.”

“Sure,” Jacob said, hesitating, then, “Is Tom okay?”

“Yeah, he's just a little upset with his old man. You can't blame the little guy, we all have make tough decisions. This big jerk of a father,” -he pointed both thumbs at himself- “just announced he has to leave on *another* business trip, had an urgent conference come up in Miami. I get his point, that I'm never home, but hey, sometimes you have to make sacrifices for the greater good.”

He began to stride down the road after his son. As he did so, something fell out of his pocket; a piece of paper, fluttering in the wind down towards the group of children. Jacob ran over and snagged it out of the breeze.

“Sir you dropped your-” he trailed off, realizing Mr. Baker could no longer hear him.

Jacob looked down at the paper, still warm from a printer. There was a black and white photograph of a man he did not recognize, wearing a dark suit and black glasses. The photograph was captioned,

> Name: Gary Temples

> Rank: 2

> Location: 17 Cherry Ln, Miami, FL

* * * 

/r/ghost_write_the_whip


Bryce Morrison thought he had it all: a loving wife, a charming son, and a satisfying job. Yet there was something that nagged at him - a constant feeling that he wasn't good enough.

On The Day of the Mugs, his suspicions appeared to be confirmed. "#598,432 Dad." The jarring bold words remained seared in his memory throughout the day, clouding every action and every word.

After work, Bryce returned to an empty house. Marie was out for dinner with friends and Billy had soccer practice. Perhaps a few hours of SportsCenter would help ease his mind. But alas, there came a sudden knock at the door.

"Hey there, bud!" 

Bryce opened the door to discover Tom Gilbert, a fellow father from across the street. He clutched a mug in his hand that read "#49,534 Dad."

"I was just wonderin' if you had any interest in a nice homemade hamburger. We've got some leftovers from the cookout."

Bryce narrowed his eyes. "Actually, I was thinking of cooking a bit myself. Mind if I drop by?"

Tom took a sip of his drink and lifted an eyebrow. "Uhhh...sure. By all means."

Bryce ran back to the kitchen and pulled a fresh ground beef patty out of a refrigerator drawer. He bolted across the street, dropped the patty on Tom's grill, and started to cook it. *This'll be the best damn burger ever made,* he thought. *I'll show that smug bastard.*

It was, by all accounts, a pretty damn good burger. Tom took a bite and gave him the thumbs up. 

***

The next morning, Bryce's mug read "#432,726."

Not good enough.

Bryce asked to take his vacation early, left a note for the family, and began searching for every potential dad in the county. He went to small businesses, office buildings, parks and parking lots, challenging anyone that would listen. He fixed motors, went fly fishing, played 30 rounds of golf and showed impeccable taste in microbreweries.

As the week progressed, his rank continued to climb. But at a certain point - roughly 200,000 - it plateaued.

For a moment, Bryce was tempted to smash the mug, right then and there. He tried some more Dad Tasks - refurbishing a porch, buying a new polo wardrobe - but nothing worked. The rank plummeted, and soon it was back in the range of 500,000.

Bryce drove home, dejected. He'd been texting Marie throughout the week, but she didn't seem to understand the nature of his quest. Then again, how could she?

His wife and son embraced him the moment he stepped inside. 

"Daddy, I missed you!" Billy cried, dropping his Lego truck to the ground. Marie looked understandably irritated but kissed him on the cheek nonetheless.

Bryce sighed. "I just couldn't stand it. I never thought I was a good dad, and that mug proved it."

Marie chuckled and shook her head. "What's a number got to do with anything?"

Billy hugged his father's leg. "I love you no matter what, Daddy!"

Bryce smiled and patted him on the head.

Over the next few days, the rank on the mug slowly began to climb again, but it sat dormant in a kitchen cabinet. Within a week, Bryce forgot it had ever existed. 

*I might not be perfect,* he decided. *But I'm good enough.*

***

Thanks for reading! If you'd like to see more of my stories, check out /r/GigaWrites.


Word had quickly spread through the country about the bizarre mug changes. A whole host of dads were waking up to vindication or disappointment as the numbers of their mugs changed from #1 to some indiscriminately high number. Those who placed in the low hundred thousands were those few dads who had always seemed stable; good job, good marriage, wonderful kids.

Tom had only heard the news about the mug when he was at work, so he was thrilled with anticipation to read his own mug when he arrived home. With 2 little ones and a 5 year long marriage, he was expecting a good number; not the best number of course, he certainly wasn't perfect, but a good number. Maybe even enough to beat William from across the street who takes his kids out to the fair twice a month. 

Sneaking out of work an hour early, he drove quickly before rushing straight to the kitchen upon arrival home. He reached up to open the mug cupboard where his mug from last Father's Day resided. He recognized the font, and his stomach swelled as he read the writing:
"# N/A Dad"


The kids bullied my daughter because of me. This I already knew. I was the reason Angie came home with timid steps and snuck off to her room without saying hi.

I made a fist as the soft patter of her footsteps disappeared down the hall. Kids were cruel and life even crueler. Angie had done nothing to deserve a father like me. I had been born completely blind and with my balding head, my pendulum cane, and sunglasses worn even at night, I made for quite the spectacle—one that Angie paid for everyday in her middle-school classroom.

“What’s wrong with your dad?” they would ask her. “Why does he walk so funny?”

“There’s nothing wrong with him!” she would snap back and in her frustration, they found weakness.

“*My* dad doesn’t need a cane to walk. *My* dad doesn’t wear sunglasses at night. *My* dad isn’t blind!”

My phone buzzed in rapid secession three times. It was time for work. I pushed myself out of my seat and grabbed my cane. I paused as I passed Angie’s room.

“Hey, honey,” I tried. “I’m going off to work now, everything okay today at school?”

No response. I couldn’t even hear the sound of her breaths. She didn’t want to talk.

I offered her a smile which she wouldn't be able to see, but I hoped it sounded through my words. “I love you Ange, I’ll see you in the morning. Sleep tight.”

And then I left. A dad who not only got her daughter bullied in school, but ran off to work when her daughter needed him the most. But who else would pay the bills? And was that really a good enough excuse to abandon my little girl? Tears welled up in my useless eyes as I started my cane in its rhythmic pendulum swing.

---

I worked security at a small law firm. People would think that being at the front desk would require some sort of sight, but I recognized every voice that came into the building and I could hear people’s lies through the tremble of their breaths. The other lawyers joked that I was like a drug dog for lies.

“Hey,” Aaron said, his footsteps approaching. “You get one of these yet?”

I glanced up at his voice. “Let me see.”

He let out a small chuckle and held it toward me. I grabbed it and realized that it was a mug. I felt around its smooth edges and frowned.

“A mug? I already have one,” I said.

“No, that’s a *World’s Greatest Dad* mug. It shows your ranking in terms of being a good dad.”

I felt the edge again. Still nothing. “Hey, congrats on being the world’s greatest dad.”

“What?” Aaron’s voice inflected up. He was on the verge of laughing again. “Me? The best? Yeah right. I was lucky to be in the top 50% which isn’t that hard considering that some dads are in jail.”

I gave Aaron a smile. “Congrats on above-average then.”

“Thanks. Let me see if I can get you one, you got yourself a little girl, don’t you?”

I nodded. “Thanks,” I said, but Aaron wasn’t the giving type. He was the competitive type and I knew all he wanted was to see someone ranked lower than himself. 

So let’s compare the blind dad to every other dad in the world. I’d be lucky to hit average.

---

The mug was coming in the mail. An extended holiday weekend meant I had five days before it got here and in that time, I had to hit number one. If people were making fun of Angie because of her dad, then I’d just have to prove that her dad was the best.

My phone buzzed again, this time twice. It was time to go home. In three hours, Angie would wake up for school and I had to be ready by then.

---

“Dad? You’re still awake?” Angie asked and yawned.

“Yeah, got home early from work so I slept earlier.” I said, which of course, was a lie. I hadn’t slept at all. “Take a seat, breakfast is almost ready.”

I listened for the sizzle and pop of the bacon. It was getting close.

“What is this? Are we celebrating something?”

I always woke up for breakfast with Angie but that was usually a time for toast and conversation. Now I had diced fruit, fluffy pancakes, and an assortment of toast and jelly options splayed out on the table.

“Nothing in particular,” I told her. “Hey, after school, why don’t we go that new amusement park that opened up? You’ve been wanting to go haven’t you?”

“Yeah,” Angie said, caution in her voice. “But last I checked, we’re still poor.”

I shrugged. “I found the money. I’ll pick you up after school and we can walk to a bus stop together.”

“Okay, dad.” Though she was still wary, no nine-year old girl would pass up a day at the amusement park.

I nodded. “It’s a date.” and I could feel her rolling her eyes.

She was right though, we *were* still poor. But all that meant was I had to start working the mornings as well as the nights. I could find an hour and two in between to sleep and the rest of the time would be either on the clock or with Angie.

There were zoos to see, aquariums to wander, clothes to buy, and through it all, I had to make sure that Angie was having the time of her life.

I took a small breath and turned off the stove. “Bacon’s ready. Dig in.”

---

---

Angie held the mug in her lap. It was wrapped in cheap paper. Her dad sat on the couch, watching her, listening for her breaths.

The past five days had been strange to say the least. Every day was a new adventure. The first day was at an amusement park where her dad had even let her buy Dipping Dots. She had bought an extra-large serving. The second day was at the zoo where her dad had bought whatever animal feed she had asked for. So she had fed half the animals in the petting zoo. On the third day, he had offered for her to swim with the dolphins. She wanted to, but told him no. Money didn't grow from trees and even if it did, she was too short and him too blind to reach it.

That day, he had fallen asleep on the bus, mid-conversation. And in his sleep, his breaths had become labored and his smile dropped. It took so much tugging to wake him up that they almost missed their stop.

She had been having the time of her life, but it didn’t seem the same with her dad. And though he sled and exclaimed and laughed, she could hear it in the wilt of his words and the small strained breaths he took when he didn’t think she was in earshot. After all, she was almost as good a lie detector as he. And he was beyond tired.

“What’s it say?” he asked her. “Is it a good number?”

Angie swallowed and unwrapped the mug. She had a suspicion what this was about. Her dad always blamed himself for the bullying. He had always thought if only he weren’t blind, everything would be okay and sometimes, even Angie believed that.

But it wasn’t true. Her dad wasn’t the reason kids were mean.

The ceramic felt cool to touch. She looked at the words. Her eyes widened and a swell of air caught in her throat.

“Dad,” she nearly whispered. “You made number one!”

Her father let loose a single exhausted breath. “Good,” he muttered. “Now the other kids won’t be able to make fun of you anymore.” His words waned and his eyes closed as he slowly drifted to sleep.

Angie held the mug in her hand, rubbing her thumb along its surface. It was completely smooth. 

She ran off and found a permanent marker and crossed out the *10233*. In its place she wrote *1*. 

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more!


All my friends, their dads had theirs.

Kelly's was in the millions, 

Jake's was in the Billions.

Marcus's was a hundred thousand

As he left flowers on his dads grave.


Where then is my dad's cup? 

I know he had one... 

its around here somewhere

I'd love to know where he placed

Cuz' my old man is pretty great.


Ah there it is, I finally found it

Behold, it just says "pops".

No numbers I guess.

Because he always did his damndest

He never tried to be number one.

Because just being "pops" was always enough.


> #489,231,337

Robert Johnson wasn't a very good dad. He'd drink, and he'd smoke, and when he was tired he would grumble at his kids. He didn't play catch. He didn't play video games. He mostly sat around and got fat after working at the mill. His wife, Leslie, would ask him to mow the lawn and he'd yell at her. His kids would run up the stairs while playing and he'd yell at them. At work, he'd grumble and yell at the new guy more than most. He was just an unpleasant person.

His mug's number changing didn't really help matters. He always knew it was bullshit, but it never really dawned on him how low he ranked. "Christ almighty" he thought, there's only 320 million people in this fucking country.

So the morning after it changed he was brushing his teeth, and staring back at him was a balding, dumpy, unshaved, slobby man in a stained a-shirt.

"When the fuck did I grow so much back hair?"

The hot water of the shower was a poor comfort. As usual, the family was still asleep when he left the house. He resolved to fix things.

So that afternoon he got off work. He had been grumpy but he wasn't a complete waste. He did his job. So he got off and fixed himself up to get some gifts. He went to Toys R Us and bought a few lego sets for his son and some Barbie Dolls for his daughter. He went to the Florist and bought some flowers for his wife. He even went to the barber and got his hair cut into something respectable.

Then he got home early. He tried to greet his wife with a kiss and flowers when she got home, but she laughed. His son took the lego sets and muttered "thanks dad" before dashing upstairs. His daughter glared at him over the Barbie Doll and asked why she didn't get legos too.

Sighing, he sat back down in his chair to watch TV.

A few weeks went by. He asked his son to play catch.

"No thanks dad, I'm going over to Tommy's house."

He asked his daughter if she wanted to go for a walk.

"No thanks dad, I'm going over to Cassie's place."

He asked his wife if she wanted to get dinner.

"What are you, stupid? I have to pick Bobby up from Tommy's house and Jeannie up from Cassie's?"

Sighing, he sat back down in his chair to watch TV.

The next morning he looked at the mug. That same, long number wrapped around the outside. Saturday. 

He asked his wife if he could help her. He couldn't. He asked his son and daughter to play, they wouldn't. So he sat back down in his chair to watch TV.

Months went by. He bought gift after gift, flowers, toys, you name it. He asked his wife out to dinner, he bought his daughter a puppy, he played catch with his son... or at least he tried to. His daughter didn't want a puppy. His son didn't want to play catch. His wife wasn't interested in him.

So each night he sighed, then sat back down in his chair to watch TV.

Finally, it was Christmas Eve. He lay awake, worrying about the latest round of gifts he had bought, when suddenly he heard a thunk on the roof.

"What the fuck?"

The thunk was followed by a few others, resolving into footsteps. A muffled crash was heard downstairs.

"Could it be?"

He got up, bewildered, and made his way downstairs. There, in the kitchen, were two masked figures. They all stood stunned for a second, before Robert bellowed and charged in.

He wasn't sure how it happened, but he had a kitchen knife in his hand. One was on the ground bleeding, the other was fighting. They struggled. Robert got cut, deep, in his neck, but he fought on. He was grabbing an ankle, struggling around the floor. The table was knocked over. Chaos. His vision was dark, but in the dim light he saw something; the mug.

He grabbed it, slamming it into the assailant's face until it broke.

He lay there on the floor, bleeding in the dark. The lights turned on and his wife screamed.

A thin piece of shattered porcelain lay directly in his view. As his eyes darkened and the world grew bleary he saw it change from #4892 to #489 to #48 to #4 to #1.


Startled awake by a hand on his throat, Jamie flinched hard, the thumb digging in deeper.

"Is this some sick fucking joke, Jamie"!" Bill roared, squeezing a little tighter. "Answer me, you little shit!"

Opening his eyes to slits, Jamie took a raspy breath. As his eyes fell upon the mug sloshing whiskey all over his bed, he realized instead of "#1 Dad" like it had said 4 years before, when Grammy had gotten it for her son, instead... That was too many digits for Jamie to even try to guess how high the number was.

"N-No sir... I don't know why it says that." Jamie squeaked out, barely able to make a sound with the meaty hand still on his throat.

"You know you're lucky, right? Your whore of a mom just walked the fuck out because she didn't want a little fucking brat like you. You know that, right?" Bill squeezed again, releasing his son after the boy nodded. "If I find out you had anything to do with this, it'll be another month in the punishment hole."

"Y-y-yes, so-sir. the terrified boy managed.

"Go the fuck back to sleep, and don't piss yourself or you're doing the laundry."

With a slam of the door, Bill shuffled drunkenly back to the couch, and flipped from the crap porno to the news, a rerun from when he had been asleep.

"Well, John, it looks like all mugs that once said #1 Dad now show their real ranking. It appears that even just painting #1 Dad onto a mug forces it to change into the proper number."

The last noise Jamie heard before he sobbed himself to sleep was his fathers yelling, and a ceramic mug exploding upon hitting his bedroom door.


James was not a great man.

Great men walked up to the world and bent it to its will.  Great men looked at challenge and laughed.

James did his 9-5, came home, and sat down.  He typically would stand back up a few times, to use the toilet or get a beer, but no more than a few.

His son had stopped asking him to play with him a long time ago, not that James really noticed.  It just, stopped, nothing to it.

But then there was this mug.

It was a gift for Christmas one year, a typical 8 year old present, a #1 Dad mug.

But now it said he was #986,800,672.

He looked out the window to the backyard, seeing his son toss a ball in the air and catch it.

He looked back at the mug, then at his son.

...

James stood up.  Perhaps he could play catch today.

And the mug, now facing down, ticked down to #986,800,671.


Honestly, I always liked the idea of being like my father, he took care of me, my sis and my lil bro. The man raised us three into great people, I always wanted to be like my dad. Sadly, life wasn’t that kind to me, in the words of the doctor as I had a check up on my health…

“There is no shame in it sir, some people just weren’t made to have children” 

I know the man didn’t meant anything bad with that, but well, nothing I could do, nothing bad with being sterile…. Nothing bad with that…

My coworkers in the office found out about it, some joke about it, some others just said sorry. One, one decided it would be fun to give me a mug that said “#1 Dad” I wanted to throw the mug and break it in pieces. But I didn’t, no, I simply left it in my desk and took it with me back to my apartment.

I did my routine of everyday, work, cook, rest, and visit the kid in the park. You see I often visited a kid in the park who I played chess against. Kid you not, he is better than any of my coworkers. Kid knows how to play chess, I’m still not sure how it happened. We just started to play a game in the park, I set the chess board and he sat against me. A couple of hours later we decided we would play every day.

I don’t know what pulled me to play with the kid, but in a way, I saw my lil bro in the kid. Robert had always been one to play board games against me, but different from Robert this kid could make me bite the dust. And that is how every day after work I would play with Alex on the park and buy something for him to eat. 

I was sure the kid was living on the streets, I didn’t have any idea of how he survived, I don’t think I could keep it up like him. Maybe that’s what made me push the subject and offer to adopt him about three months after our first contact. 

The day the coffee mugs started to show the number in ranking of the fathers all around the news were excited to look for the #1 Dad, who could that guy be? My mug changed that’s for sure. It didn’t show a ranking number, in something totally different, mine got white. The porcelain white mug didn’t have anything written in it. Not that I care though

“I’m going to class dad” 

“Be careful out there Alex” 

The hug of the kid made me feel like the number one dad. Some people aren’t made to have children, but everyone can be a father. Hope you are proud dad, I’m just like you.


She didn't understand this change in her father. She was accustomed to him focusing more on his work than on her. Frankly, she couldn't remember the last time he picked her up from school at all and now he had shown everyday this week. And to top it off, there he was, sitting in the front row of her play.

You see, Carly's father was a high powered lawyer. He made sure that Carly and her mother were well taken care of, but his singular focus had resulted in divorce and a distinct form of absentee parenting. For her dad, the next big case was always his immediate aim, while maintaining his 5.0 rating on Martindale-Hubbell was his mission statement. 

And now that had changed. Here he was, driving her home for his weekend instead of telling her to use the credit card he gave to pay for an Uber. And now all the small-talk. "How was school? She knew he would pay for college right? Does she have a boyfriend? Did she need a dress for prom"?

None of this would prepare her for the new CR-V parked in the driveway. It was time that she had her own car he said. Nothing too fancy, but something safe and practical.

This was weird. Carly should have been happy. But she wasn't. It all felt wrong and forced. So that night, after her dad went to sleep (after watching television with her, something that hadn't happened for at least 5 years), Carly walked around the house and tried to make sense of her dad. She was honestly concerned that he was sick, maybe it was cancer. Maybe this is his chance to make everything right before he left.

But she didn't find anything. No doctors notes, no medical correspondence, nothing out of the ordinary. Her dads house was immaculate. He loved to display his trophies from his high school wrestling days, all of the articles with his picture from the law firm, and he even had a custom-built electronic sign that listed his gamer score on the Xbox.

No, she wasn't likely to find anything here. If he was dying, he would keep that from her. And he wouldn't leave the papers out. 

There was a mug sitting out though. It looked like the #1 Dad mug she bought him a couple of years ago, but it had "# 5,478,888 Dad" on it. Carly thought that that was a weird gag gift for someone to get him. Still, he had been so nice, she figured she'd put it away for him.

The next morning the news broke that all of the mugs had changed. It was then that Carly realize that her dad was addicted to winning.


George couldn't understand it. His mom was overjoyed about his father's father ranking, and how abruptly it jumped, and how much higher it jumped. When everyone found out about the mugs, some people bragged, others hid their mugs. His father woke up late on the day of the change, so he didn't have a chance to do anything to stop people from seeing his ranking... and it was a pretty low ranking. Everyone was so confused with it- John was a perfectly good father to George, and everyone agreed. His low ranking made no sense, and most people didn't understand it, which caused people to wonder about how well John treated George. Because of this, George had been getting a lot of strange looks recently and some fairly personal and embarrassing questions. His neighbor, an elderly widow named Mrs. Wilson, had actually stopped him in his driveway on the way to school to ask him one of these said questions. With a look of concern, she stopped George and like all people who have personal questions do, beat around the bush for awhile, and much to George's and Mrs. Wilson's own surprise, she abruptly spouted out, "Has John ever beaten you?" George's face immediately became mortified, out of hurt and surprise that someone would even think to ask that question. Mrs. Wilson, upon seeing this expression, of course assumed she was right, no matter what the boy said next. She would be sure to recall later to her video chat knitting circle how teary-eyed the boy became upon asking this question, and how she always suspected John was actually a horrible person ("You never see him at church, either! What can you expect from someone who doesn't respect God?" Coming from the oldest in their circle, a pig-eyed women who believed all people who didn't go to church were always busy with the Devil's work). George of course told the widow how good of a father John was, and that he had never lain a finger on him in anger, but the old women had already decided she understood, reassuring him that her door would always be open to him. Expecting a far better day to follow, George took off down the street to catch his bus. His expectations died too swiftly upon seeing his friends on the bus, who went silent when they saw him. The rest of his day followed the same pattern. 

John had seemed to be avoid the world in the days following the Mug Mishap, always looking extremely guilty to George. George was angry with him, but didn't understand it. He couldn't stand to address it directly and talk to his dad. 

Several days before John's mug showed a leap in ranking, John became much more active then he had been since the rankings came out, he went out and started buying toys for a child that was much younger then George. George knew this, because he searched the bags his father brought home. His father then disappeared on a trip for a few days, and during this time his ranking skyrocketed. George grew so excited that he bragged that his father was going to bring him home a great new gift. But when he got home- this was when George became confused. John didn't bring him anything, but seemed far more relieved then how he was before he left. He also now seemed to have a hard time making eye contact with George. Everyone seemed so much more happy, and proud of John that no one inquired what he did on his trip. His Mom even reassured George that it was probably nothing related, and that the proper ratings had just come through while he was away. George anger simmered, because he knew something wasn't right. John started taking more trips, and each time his rating went up. George didn't understand, he saw less and less of John and felt John had become a worse dad. Finally one day after John got back from his trip and George found a picture of a little boy with a note on the back- "You left when he was so young, but he still remembered you. He's so happy to have his father back- and so am I. XO, love Ruby". He showed it to his mom, and he had never seen her go so pale. George's Mom had a massive fight that night with John, and when George got up the next morning, John was gone. 

George only saw John again when he came to collect his things, and George's mother refused to let them talk to each other. 

Months later, George's Mom found John's old mug, left behind. The mug now looked like how it did the day it was bought- it now said #1 Dad on it. 
She smashed the mug on the floor.


The Pope knelt inside the cool, grey dark of the nave. He was a man with a simple, strong faith and he felt both troubled and blessed this morning. God had come, and He had both measured and spoken.


A genuinely supernatural event.


But the act had felt both capricious and strange. God had used the medium of #1 Dad mugs. This seems neither a godly medium or act till you are confronted by The Work. Then realisation dawns.  You feel awe. The power you confront is complete and total. Ultimate. 
These mugs, every single one in the world, currently displayed a message "This is how good a father you truly are" and a number in some long-dead or never-existing language though this posed no imposition. The words hammered an understanding into your head and into the depths of your soul. The numbers were true and certain. This you knew.


 "Job," whispered the Pope nervous. "Like Job." 


He bowed his head though he did not pray and he thought on God, his power and his plans, and he thought on his sins and his number #20,000,001 and thought on the sins of his flock, every single lamb, and he worried for the world.


The Pope began to pray and his prayers were many and strange.


Joe Mills had a #1 Dad mug, but he wasn't sure he'd ever get the chance to actually be a dad. His wife, Lucy, had had a miscarriage a month after she bought him the mug to celebrate the long-awaited positive pregnancy test.

Months after the miscarriage occurred, Joe was sorting through their guest room closet, which held all of the baby items they bought. He opened a box, looked inside, and had to stop himself from dropping it.

#3,062,487 Dad?

He sunk to his knees and called for Lucy. He was finally going to be a dad.


"... at number two, it has been confirmed that former President Barack Obama has the #2 Dad Mug and it is no surprise there given how he set himself as an exemplary dad during his stay at the White House."

"Right you are Stacy. Despite juggling between being a dad and the president of this great country, I'm quite surprised he didn't​ get the number one... Wait... Hold on..."

(An envelope has been given to John by one of the producers)

"This just in folks. We now have the name of the dad who has the #1 dad mug inside this envelope".

"According to our producers, it has been confirmed and verified by the experts on the legitimacy of the mug. However, we have been informed the dad in question has recently passed away and the mug is now in the hand of the family".

"Well then Stacy, shall I open the envelope?".

"Yes John. Let us be the first to reveal the name of the number one dad in the world".

(John opens the envelope and took out the paper)

"And the number one dad's name is...umm..."

"...is...?"

"...Ted. Ted the accountant".


James and Amanda where watching the news when they heard about it.
"I wonder which number I got", James said and went to the kitchen.
A couple years ago, his son Andrew made him such a cup.
As a handmade cup, it was clearly distinguishable from all the others.
James quickly found it.
"That is strange", he said and showed the cup to his wife.
The cup still had the text "Love, Andrew" written on it. However, "#1 Dad" disappeared completely.
Amanda looked at him. James could see that she will start crying in a moment.
"I need to tell you something", she said.


My father loads his rifle full of bullets. I asked him,"What are you doing dad?" "Well, my mug says number two, and James's mug says number one. I must be number one." He raises his rifle and fires. Killing his life long friend. He grabbed his mug from the table and saw it turn from #2 to #4569. My father laughed and said, "I'm gonna need more bullets."


I sat in the kitchen seat, knowing that i was getting a mug this father's day. My kids seemed so excited after the phenomenon started. I felt honored as i was being given my official ranking. Although they were already 4 and 5 respectively, i knew i hadn't been a dad long and figured i wouldn't place high.

The kids swarmed in with their little wrapped box and thrust it toward me. My wife, behind my children,  smiled just as big as them. As i took hold of the box all thought turned to statistics. Did they include ALL dads or just the ones with mugs? What exactly is the measurement? Just how many dads are out there? Why are my palms sweating? Many more questions popped into my head but they were quelled by my wife snapping me back to reality telling me to open it. 

Carefully pulling the bow strings, i undid that which held what only now i feared the most. Slowly i lifted the lid to reveal a large white mug. Taking it out of the box i turned it to see a large hand painted "#1 dad" on the side. I know it's not one of the official mugs but rather one which my kids made themselves. Crying, i embraced them both telling them that no matter what my true ranking was, i was so happy just to be their dad and that they were the most wonderful things in the world. After they left the room to go play my wife sat down at the table with me.

Asking me what i thought of their gift, i responded by saying there was no need to have the knowledge as, to the children, i already was #1. I then got up and made a cup of covfefe in my new mug. Turning back to sit back down i saw my wife already had a cup of her own. She turned it toward me. I could not believe what i saw. There, in her hands, was a mug which said #1 dad. It wasn't painted, it didn't have a smudge, it showed clearly #1. Taken aback i just stood there staring at my wife who had an even bigger smile than when i was given what was in my hands. 

I still don't know what i did, but i swore that i would always and forever try to be the best dad i could be. No matter what my mug says, i promised i would strive to be better than i am. That is how i found out that i was the best dad in the world.


"Dad?"

"Dad are you ok?" 

I stood there speechless for what felt like forever. Up until this moment my life had been what most would call perfect. A loving, caring wife. An adoring son. The irony that the gift from his last Father's Day that brought joy to my heart is now the source of this terrible anguish. 

My wife and I have been together for 13 years, and for the most part we've had a wonderful relationship. The spark is still alive and well, but early on we went through a really rough patch. I was working a ton of late nights, she felt neglected and the spark was fading. She decided to go stay with her mother for a while, we didn't talk for almost a month. Well that was all the wake up call I needed. 

It took a lot of work but we began "dating" each other again and found that groove again. In fact, things were the best they'd ever been. It wasn't long after Ethan was born. She had some complications during labor and the doctors thought we might actually lose both of them, but the good man upstairs was gracious, and they both pulled through. I'm a blessed man, and I thank my lucky stars every day for them, and do everything I can to show my appreciation to them in as many ways as possible. 

So when I got a text this morning about this stuff with the "#1 Dad" mugs actually displaying a true ranking didn't really have me that worried, but standing here now I can honestly say that I didn't see this coming. Each word cutting deeper than the last.. "You Are Not The Father."


Maria fumbled for the keys in her bag, eventually finding the heart shaped keyring her husband had given to her long ago. How long exactly, she couldn't quite remember.

The lock clicked. A monotonous buzzing greeted her, as if a giant hornet had taken up residence in their home since she'd left for work. "Honey?" she called out. "Are you okay?" 

No reply.

She stepped into the lounge and was met by an unpleasent, smoky smell. The buzzing had intensified too. It was a sound she now recognised, but hadn't heard for a long, long time. 

An electric razor.

Maria frowned, a little annoyed that Peter was likely removing his thick, flowing beard. There was something she loved dearly about it -- the white hairs that shot through the blond reminded her of sunlight bouncing gleefully off an icy waterfall. It suited a physicist. It suited *him*.

*buzzzz*

The living room table was a mess of cigarettes and empty beer bottles -- Peter had clearly enjoyed his day off. A folded page of a newspaper wafted up and down in the gentle breeze from an open window.

*buzzz*

Maria moved idly to the table, picking up first the cigarette remains, then dropping them on the carpet as the face in the paper stared up at her, her husband's keen eyes meeting her own. His face was clean shaven, and his wrinkles softened -- but there was no mistaking him.

Her hands shook as she picked it up and read.

> Master Particle. Prior to Reworking's alterations. Considered the greatest physicist of his generation. But another talent wasted by the great 'hero'. This paper says Reworking is not the answer! We're the only paper brave enough to print a picture like this and...

She stopped reading. Something was wrong: there was no sound.

 "Welcome home, *Maria*."

 Maria gulped as she turned to see the man in the paper standing behind her. 

"Sweetheart..."

 "Is it really Maria? No, of course it isn't. It doesn't matter now though."

 "I didn't ..."

 "I was great, you know. The greatest, they say. I could have changed the world. Now I teach school children basic astrophysics. The order of the planets -- and they can't even get that right without a pathetic mnemonic to aid them. My life -- or at least many years of it -- has been wasted. Can you imagine if they'd lobotomised a young Eistein? Where would we be?"

He slowly removed a knife from his jacket pocket.

 "*Please.*"

 "How long until you were done spying on me, *darling*? Until you left me! I loved you *so* much. In my mind, you loved me, too. But only in my mind! It's all a Goddamned lie! You'll pay for that deceit, I promise you."

 "Please, Peter. In my mind, I love you too. *I do!* I don't know what's happened. I don't understand any of this."

He grinned as he stalked forward. "Oh, *you know*. You're here to watch over me. To report back to them each day, when I think you're working, so you can all laugh at me. *Mock me.* The great, *impotent*, Master Particle."  

 *"I always loved y..." *

The knife was sharp and cut her throat cleanly and easily. She didn't scream as her blood spattered the carpet. 

Maria's body fell next to the fallen cigarette remains. 


---

It was an hour later, as Peter drank greedily from a clear bottle, his boots resting on his dead wife's carcass, that a gust from the open window turned the newspaper's page.

Peter leaned forward, his eyes wide. He snatched the paper up. He read silently twice over, then mumbled a litany of *no's*. Finally, he swore bloody revenge on the world itself. 

He looked down at his wife through bleary eyes, scalding tears spilling down his cheeks. How could this have happened? His life had been perfect -- *twice!* Now he could never go back... *could he*?

He knelt over Maria and gently pressed his trembling lips against her forehead.

Peter could feel his mind buzzing; could see the sparks leaping from his hands. He felt in tune with the universe's tempestuous vibrations, and he knew in that moment, exactly what he was capable of:

*The end of everything.*

Peter got to his feet and looked at the paper a final time.

> At least they had the decency to erase his wife's -- his assistant Scarlett (pictured above) -- mind, and to keep them together in their new lives. But this paper, this reporter, says it's not enough! It's time to end Reworking.



---

Part two: https://www.reddit.com/r/nickofnight/comments/7n3dix/master_particle_part_two/


"Do you believe in destiny, Liz?"

"Don't call me that!" I snarled. "My friends call me Liz, people who care about me call me Liz."

Robert put his palms up as if to pacify me. "I understand you're upset, Liz," he said as he moved closer to rest his arm on me. I flinched away, scowling. He needed contact to wipe my memories. 

"You're a fucked up person, you know that?" I said. "What kind of sicko wipes someone's memories and then takes advantage of them!" I shook my head. "When I woke up in that bed, alone, confused, not remembering anything - you were there, but..." 

"It was either that or kill you, Liz, and I couldn't have bared to kill you," he said, his eyes were watery and he sounded sincere, but he had looked sincere when I'd woken up without memories, and he'd been holding my hand. "Even if I knew this would happen..." he said and sighed. 

I gave a short bark of laughter. "No, I'm pretty sure you didn't, Rob," I said. "Pretty sure you wanted to keep me ignorant of my past forever, and have me be your lovely little wife till the end of time."

Robert shook his head. "No...I knew how you would react if you did. There's something...more about me and you, people in general, than just memories. Call it destiny, genetics, whatever. You can wipe out their memories, but they make the same mistakes again and again. You don't see the potential in a new start, but anger over the past. You become the same person all over again, no matter how many times I try."

My eyes widened. "What do you mean by no matter how many times I try?"

Suddenly Robert moved, impossibly fast and pressed his thumb against my wrist. I didn't even have time to scream. A strangely familiar numbness began to spread through me. I couldn't recoil as Robert kissed me and caressed my cheeks. The last thing I heard sent chills down my spine, even as I faded.

"Destiny or not, Liz, I will keep trying, no matter how long it takes."
***
if you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


Honor and justice were words for politicians. Eraser had always believed in a single driving force to his heroism and that was efficiency. If the name was catchier, he would’ve called himself Factory Man, instead, he took the name Eraser for his powers in wiping villain’s identities. He took not just their memories, but the memories of all who knew them, rendering them a completely blank slate. Albeit a powerful one. 

What the world did with those people after he wiped their memories, he couldn't care less. Hot-faced politicians screamed about retribution. Make those bastards pay for what they took ten times over. Stern-voiced suits talked of rehabilitation. People couldn’t be punished for a crime they no longer remembered.

In the end, America settled on the Reawakening Program, a half-assed rehabilitation center with nightmare conditions. Neither side won and nobody was happy. Though, that was the beauty of democracy.

Eraser had his own condo on Lazarus Island, the host of the Reawakening Program. Five days out of the week except for holidays and paid time off, the government stocked him here. Long ago, all the great supervillains had been erased and reawakened. Now, only the small fish remained and there were other heroes far more suited to handling those.

The doorbell rang and Eraser sighed. He hadn’t even finished his morning coffee yet.

“Mr. Eraser,” came Sarah’s voice. She was an intern fresh from college and still treated him with something resembling politeness. “We have the first batch ready.”

If the name was catchier, he was sure the government would have also call him Factory Man, due to how he was simply a cog in the reawakening process.

“Sir?” she asked when he gave no reply. “Would you like me to come back another time?”

He flipped through old newspapers. He had requested it to read stories about himself. It was pathetic really, but not as pathetic as the current state of affairs. The world’s greatest hero now working on some memory altering production line.

“No, no,” he said. “I’ll be ready.”

“Would you like the profiles? We have a mix of villains today, ranging from unpermitted protests to small theft to even—”

“No,” he said, cutting her off. It didn’t matter who the villains were. There was a system for vetting them and he trusted in it. It wasn’t his job anymore to pass judgment, not for Factory Man.

“Okay,” Sarah said, “Should I… wait here?”

“I can find my own way.”

“Sure.” But she stayed at the door. He could hear how hard she was breathing. “Sir?”

“What?” he spat. Patience was a virtue for the young. The old didn’t have enough time for it.

A newspaper clipping slid under the door. Curious, Eraser took it and scanned the headlines. The Great Reset, it read, with a giant picture of a younger him. His brow furrowed, staring at the picture. His cheeks were tighter, his eyes sharper, and his hair a burning red. He didn’t remember a time before his beer belly and faded eyes, yet here he was, chiseled.

“You reset the world,” Sarah said. “At least, you tried to. You saw that it wasn’t right. Violence, hate, war, disease, inequality, the world needed a fresh start. You even reset yourself.”

He only half-heard her words, his eyes were too busy flitting across the newspaper article. It called him the Soul Eater for leaving people empty after their battles. His heart skipped and his tongue curled around those words in familiarity. Soul Eater.

“But a few people escaped,” she continued. “And with the world a blank slate, they did with it as they pleased. It’s even worse than before. It’s all wrong.”

“So… you were one of those people that escaped?”

The door opened and Sarah stood in front of it, lockpick in hand. She looked like Soul Eater from the newspaper clippings, her eyes just as sharp, and her hair just as bright.

“Of course,” she said. “Because I inherited your powers.”


"Ah, isn't the scent of peace wonderful," I said as I stood in front of my open window. The sunrays imbued me with their tender heat, it reminded me of a hug brimming with love.

I went to the kitchen, stretching as I walked down the stairs. The scent of freshly made hotcakes swirled into my nostrils, drawing a smile on my face. I felt *good.* Everything was alright.

"Honey, someone left a box for you. It's on the table," my wife said, carrying the pile of hotcakes toward the table. When we crossed paths, she kissed me. How did I manage to find such a lovely woman? I still don't have the slightest clue.

"A box? Wonder what it contains," I said, rubbing my chin. "Maybe is an enormous letter! Or maybe is an evil plan from one of my foes."

I bolted and opened it. It had no sender, just my name wrote clumsily in a white label. A weird feeling of confusion swarmed my insides when I saw that there were two old and torn newspapers. *1985 and 1986 that's like... yes, old,* I thought and set my eyes on the front cover.

**1985**

*Dr. Mindwiper is plunging the word into chaos by inserting fake memories in the minds of heroes. He's unstoppable and the fate of society seems to be heading his way—towards destruction. Only one heroine remains, Kissladan yet she's nowhere to be seen.*

*Are we doomed? Is this the end of everything as we know it?*

**1986**

*Dr. Mindwiper dictatorship came to an end. Kissladan turned him to the good side, the side of peace and prosperity. Using her signature move, the Kiss of Kissladan she reprogrammed Dr. Mindwiper's brain completely. As long as the effect doesn't wear off, society is saved.*

---------------------------------

*I'm Dr. Mindwiper,* I thought and squinted, eyes set on my wife. *Did she? It can't be, is she Kissladan?*

"What's wrong honey?" she said and sat in front of me. Her blue eyes drowned into mine and I blushed like a child.

I set the newspaper aside, I was happy. "Nothing sweetie, just a bad prank."


I remember the day that I found out who I was.

I had thought that I was Curtis Clark, a 37 year-old pediatric dentist in San Antonio. And, for a time, that is who I was. I had also had memories of a time before that: memories of growing up, of having friends in high school, of struggling to get my degree and opening my practice, of a few forgotten flings I had along the way. It seemed like nothing out of the ordinary, I thought I had been nothing out of the ordinary.

But I had been wrong.

I remember one day a little girl--7, I think--came in. She had lost quite a few teeth for her age already, and thinking that this was a sign of growing up, I had had the gall to congratulate her. But this only put tears in her eyes. I asked her what was wrong, and she told me how she had lost some of her teeth. I can’t say that I was really all that said for her, though. That wasn’t the primary emotion that I felt. Instead, it was anger. I was angry at her parents, at her father, so angry, everything began to take on a tinge of crimson.

It took so much patience to finish working on her, and when the mom came in, to avoid stabbing the her with dental tools as punishment for standing by while this had happened to her daughter.

I thought back, and I couldn’t ever remember being that angry, yet I had felt, for some reason, that the feeling was familiar.

I remember taking the rest of the day off, and calling CPS. But from what the agent said, and some intuition that I had not known about until then, I had no illusions that they would take any timely action to save that little girl. If only one of the superheroes would take an interest in such things, but they seem only to care about Big Name Villains--never heard of one who goes after petty criminals and domestic disputes.

I then spent the rest of the day wondering about myself. I thought about this angry side that I had just found within myself. It didn’t seem like that was something that I had ever experienced with myself. Yet, it had felt so natural.

I remember thinking things at that time, that from that point onwards, I could not get out of my head. Thoughts of rage and fury, and some sort of knowledge of how to execute them. Plans to incinerate government buildings filled with inept pension-hungry drones found their way into my head. Thoughts on suffocating and choking greedy and heartless executives in their cushy offices with toxic gas. Plans to protect myself, my thoughts, from...something.

I remember the day that I found out who I was. I was reading the online paper. The frontpage story was about Captain Stupendous, the superhero. He had apparently eradicated his 100th villain--though, because of the way he did his work, no one actually remembered them all. How long had he been active, something approaching 20 years, and he only manages 100 villains? I could find that many in a week, I thought. I was wondering just how it was that these 100 were so *important*, so *heinous*, as to merit his personal attention, and thus I looked back on the past articles the newspaper had. He seemed to only average about one feat every 2 months.

I remember the exact moment that I saw...me. Most papers blurred out the faces of villains--at Stupendous’s request, so that he could actually try ‘giving them a new shot at life’ or whatever his thing was. Wiping their memories had seemed inhuman to me at the time, and dishonest, but he was of the line of thought that it was preferable to killing them, and that they would do better next time. There were, though, some tabloids that tried to skirt this with less than complete obfuscation, and it is in one of those that I saw what I suddenly recognized to be...me. 

The figure in the article, unlike many other villains, had refrained from being grandiose, and had only called himself Dr. C. No stupid made-up stage name, no Doctor Doom or High Lord of Paine--and no wearing weird suits like the latter either. They had to make up the name Dr. Cruel for him, but he never acknowledged it. The article called him the most terrifying, because he struck without first gloating, without giving explanation, and without mercy. It resonated with every fiber of my being, and in that moment, I felt whole, complete, and completely dedicated to a new calling--or rather, rededicated to an old one.

I remember Dr. C. I am Dr. C. I am an oncologist for society, for it has been stricken with a cancer that I must eliminate. The so-called heros do not care for the calls of the everyday villains of the world, they do not care for the real villains of the world, only their flamboyant stage partners. That burden falls to me, and I remember now how to embrace it. I remember the righteous fire that drove me.

I look back at my patient records. That father lives in a suburb a few miles away. He feels the need to hurt his daughter when he feels the burn of alcohol down his throat. I wonder if he will feel the same if he feels real fire. If I remember correctly, most don’t. And now, now I do remember.


I sometimes feel dead. Not really dead, no. More like a stone, a heavy dense piece of rock, and I sink deeper and deeper in the ocean and ignore its flow. And then often when I wake up, I realize I've hit the bottom and the sand has encrusted me. It's a terrible feeling, a sort of unease as I go through my days. And it started two years ago. I never really lacked for much. A normal family, middle class dad working at the docks as a manager; a stay at home mom; white picket fences and short cropped grass with a Labrador named Chuckles. The works... I studied in Boston, majored in Biology. Went on to work in MedCorp, a simple researcher. And yet, every time I tried to remember those days, the memories were hazy; incomplete. As if someone else was steering the wheel, and I was just an observer through his eyes. I hadn't kept in touch with anyone, and it all felt fake. 

Fake. Fake. Fake.

I was fake, and everyone else felt fake too. My limbs didn't feel the right length, and every time I looked at myself in the mirror I expected — vaguely — to see other features. Like for example, my face wasn't angular enough, my features not quite sharp, and my nose a bit thinner than it should have been. Dr. Black said it was mild Body Dysphoria. A mental condition, that makes a person fill uncomfortable in their own skin. I trusted her, but at the same time it didn't quite fit. 

It never did. 

A hand on my shoulder made me twitch, "James you're brooding again."

I turned around to look at Anne, round big blue eyes and brown wavy hair framing her concerned features. There was a sort of worry there, along with amusement. She was often stoic, cold, but you could discern things from the way the corners of her mouth twitched in amusement, or her nose would crinkle when she was stressed. Anne wasn't conventionally attractive. Limbs slightly out of proportion, skinny and pale. The sort of person you'd call gangly as a teenager. But she had grown into her frame. Long legs and exceedingly tall, a tad too introverted. I liked her. She was a friend, as much as I could call anyone a friend these days. 

I rubbed my face and blinked the tears out of my eyes, "Why are you still here?" I asked her. It was already dark outside, and most of the lab was empty but for the few zealous or lonely enough to stay through Christmas. Heads up: 'I don't give a shit about the lab.' 

Anne rolled her eyes and heft her bag on her shoulder, "I'm going now, wanted to let you know that I included you on the CC for Johnson's paper. Apparently he made some *breakthrough*, and he wants us to give it a look. Also, don't start adding shit this time, because he never adds people the credit whore he is. " she scoffed. 

I gave her a small smile and nodded, "That's fine, merry Christmas, yeah?"

She didn't turn around but gave me a wave and walked out. I sat there for a few moments, and then turned around to keep writing. 

By the time I got out it was already night time, I was exhausted and the air outside gave me a bit of a kick. Cold and dry, a sort of biting in the bones that made me want to run back in the lab and just sleep on the floor or something. The streets were empty, and I decided to just walk home, it was only a few blocks away and I convinced myself that a bit of exercise wouldn't hurt. Even though I was as thin as a stick, and never seemed to put on pounds. 

-00-00-00-

See sometimes, random decisions create situations that are plain annoying. For example I only made it a block away before some schmuck shoved a gun in my face and asked for my wallet. I've never really been in a situation like this, but it felt trifle. Insignificant even. This wasn't art. See, a real artist would have shot at the knee, pulled me into the alley and then pull out a knife. Slice every time I whimpered or plead for help or even mercy. 

A real artist would have extracted every ounce of fear, maybe even given me a shred of hope that I would live or something. And then at grand finale he'd show me that there was no hope all along and just end me. 

Yes. 

Yes. That would me *amazing*, *wonderful, exhilarating*! Why was this insignificant fucking moron yelling at me? Did he know who I was? I was... 

Who was I? Where did these thoughts come from? James? I was James, right? Normal family, normal... I was normal, and if I didn't give the man my wallet I might die. Right?

No. No. No, I wasn't going to die, I wasn't. I was special, unique, uncontrollable. A mountain. The obstacle that others had to clear for success. 

As if I was floating outside of my body, I watched as someone else — *who was me*— slapped the gun away and pushed the man in the alley. I watched as someone else's bones jumped out of *his* body and pierced the man in the shoulders. And I felt that glorious pain, the bones grinding and chipping against one another and the smell of fear and adrenaline forced me to do more. 

More. More. More! 

I wanted to harm him, break him. I wanted him to feel sadness, and joy, and a million million things. This random man who I didn't know and never would. Yes. By the time I was done with him, he and I would be the most intimate couple of people on earth. 

He would die, and I would live. 

-00-00-00-

My cellphone's ringing woke me up. The nightmare was so surreal, and my clothes clung on me, wet and cold with sweat. I was confused for a few moments, moments that stretched as the phone kept ringing. Annoyed at the sound, I picked it up and Anne's crisp voice echoed, "James are you alright? I've been trying to reach you for a few hours now, I almost called the police!"

"What? Anne, calm down. What happened?"

"You don't know?" she asked, an incredulous tone that I didn't exactly appreciate.

I sighed. An irritated breath that she heard but didn't comment on, "No, I don't. I just woke up"

"Oh, oh. Ok then, it's just... There was an attack near the lab yesterday. There was some bone and a corpse... People are saying that Bonesaw is back." She finished with a whisper. My gut clenched at the name. Bonesaw, a man who used to terrorize entire cities, killed thousands. I should have been horrified, but all I could muster was longing, a nostalgia that didn't really quite fit in the context. 

I sat there for a few moments, getting my thoughts in order, "I, ugh, I'm fine Anne. Thanks for worrying, but I have a massive hangover right now; do you want to get some coffee later?"

"Sure, the usual place?"

"Yeah."

We chatted for a bit longer, and then I rushed to the toilet and practically hurled my guts out. I had some OJ and toast for breakfast that didn't really help and then I brought up the daily news on my tablet. There wasn't much on the attack, but I googled Marquis. The name felt right somehow, it felt as if I knew the man his entire life. Then I saw the pictures, and froze. 

I froze because the man reminded me of what I was supposed to look like. Pale skin, and regal features, hidden by a mask made out of bone that only covered the forehead and eyes. Then the memories from last night hit me like a freight train, and I rushed to the toilet and hurled again, panting over the now murky water. I lifted my finger and forced... Forced something, and bone extruded, my skin bleeding a little as it did. 

I was a mutant, I had always been. Laughter bubbled up in my chest and I let it rise louder and louder as I stared at the bone. 

Then I felt it before I noticed the foot that met my skull. A woman standing behind me, probably some teleporter or something but it was the hair that clinched it. Anne grabbed my head and slammed it on the toilet seat, all the while my laughter didn't stop and I felt no desire to do so. 

She injected some sort of needle in my arm and I instantly felt weak, my bone crumbled away in dust and I lost control of my body. She turned me around and looked at me with pity. Pity! 

I wanted to explode, rage, kill. I wanted her on her knees begging for forgiveness, I...

"Mutant XO114-M7, due to the failure of rehabilitation method thirteen you have been declared unsuccessful and are hereby declared as recipient of kill order code named 'Firefly', " she pulled a gun and aimed right at my skull, "may your soul rest in piece, you piece of..." A gunshot rung and I closed my eyes, ready to accept the inevitable. 

I blinked for a few seconds, and I was covered in blood and gray matter, Anne slowly toppled sideways and behind her stood a boy no older than fifteen, a huge smile on his face, "Uncle James! I never expected to see you again."


EDIT: Marquis is actually a villain in the Web Novel, Worm by Wildbow. Although a relatively minor one that I thought would make a basis for this snippet. Thanks for reading!


My name is Geoff, and I work as a CPA for a fairly prestigious accounting firm. I have always been great at math. Since I was a child, I excelled in all of my classes. I graduated as valedictorian, and I went on to become a lauded CPA, or so I thought. 

The other day I was going through some old newspapers that my firm had tucked away... I don’t know why an accounting firm would hoard newspapers but I digress. 

On the front page there was a story about a man who used his massive intellect to inflict pain upon he city. They called the man, The Intellegencia. This super villain was able to use his mind to control computers, and he was capable of using his advanced intellect to stop nearly every hero that came after him. He even managed to kill Cosmo, The Universal Hero (this dude could control the fabric of the universe. He could increase gravity exponentially and even manipulate time. He was powerful). 

Now I do not usually care about what heroes and villains are doing. For the most part they do not affect my life. But this Intellegencia guy is different. He was wearing a mask, but I can recognize my own eyes from anywhere. 

This man plastered across the front page is me. 

I’ve heard of a superhero, The Wash, who can wipe people’s minds. He has psychic powers that allow him to control and manipulate people (good thing he is not a villain). He doesn’t like to fight. Instead, he uses his powers to wipe the minds of super villains and to set them up with new lives. I always thought it was more decent than killing them or whatever else Supermonger and Ratman do to their villains. But now that I know it’s happened to me, I don’t know how I feel about it anymore. 

I mean, I like being Geoff. I make a decent salary, and I have a beautiful wife (well she has an overbite but she is a solid 8 out of 10). We are expecting our first child in about three months. If I go down this rabbit hole and try to figure out my past, I could lose all of that. (I wonder if my wife used to be a super villain. Maybe she got bit by a rabbit when she was young and developed steel chomping powers. Seriously, that overbite is crazy). 

That being said, I’d like to know why I was such an evil person. I mean now I don’t even squash spiders. I use a cup to take them outside and set them free. How could I have killed people? What would make me do something so horrid? 

Maybe I can find The Wash and ask him to take away this particular memory. He’d probably do it. It would allow me to just be Geoff and continue on in my life blissfully unaware of the pain I had caused. No, I need to know why I was who I was. 

This won’t change me. I know who I am now. I am a good person, and I know that knowing the full extent of my powers will help me change the world for the better. I am now Geoff, not The Intellegencia, and I will help the world.


After work I head to the library, looking for the front page when my wife and I got married. They are annoyingly muddled but I persevere. As I flick through I notice names coming up over and over, wonderful heroes and awful villains, their heroics thrill me and their crimes amaze me and I wonder why I never really paid attention before.

Two hours in I realize i have been looking for more stories about the worst villain instead of my wedding, I can't help myself. I'm too curious to know what possesses a man to do these things, what makes him laugh his way through them with a wide smile. I rarely laugh or smile, I'm known for my serious demeanor. 

A photo catches my eye, half blurry, taken by a terrified bystander in front of a terrific explosion, a man and a headline, a familiar face stares at me, caught in a rictus grin and the headline screams at me "JOKER STRIKES 
AGAIN!"

I feel myself smiling, i hear laughter, it is my own.

I have work to do, everything has been so ...boring lately.


"...and keep the boards level! Don't rush it!" The mountainous fellow chimed brightly to his coworkers before he swung his massive sledgehammer through the wall. Big, bold, broad, and bald, Larne Leadman pushed his weight through the hole to bring the rest of the wall down around him, the brick crumbling down his shoulders. " There's no need to keep up with me!"

There was nothing Larne enjoyed more than demolition, and he was good at it. Amazing at it in fact. He could brush off cave-ins as he barreled through mountains to open new mines. He could dip his hands into molten steel to squeeze a broken crucible shut. His friends in labor joked that he should take to being a superhero, but that was never his speed. Breaking things was all he really wanted to do, and there was plenty of good work in that field.

Today, he was bringing life back to a destroyed district of Bell City, by tearing down old buildings that were barely left standing from some terrible disaster some time ago. His crew left him to tearing down most of the place, while they focused on clean up and scaffolding in his wake. He hummed a tune to himself as he swung and punched through layer after layer of concrete and steel.

Another wall down, and he found himself in the remains of an apartment, buried under six obliterated floors. Most of the furnishings were in various states of decay, and the smell of spoiling meat and mold hit his nostrils, pulling him out of the ecstasy of destruction. The walls creaked and cracked, Larne's actions had weakened everything keeping this place in-tact.

He dropped his hammer and searched out the source of the smell. The broken remains of a couple that had been entombed there were all he found. Scattered cans and boxes showed they survived the initial disaster, but died before any kind of help could have arrived. Larne was shaken at the sight, confused and heartbroken. His confident shoulders dropped as he bowed his head silently a moment, his once smiling face broken.

Pulled away from his quiet by another rush of foul air, he set to search out the identity of the couple. No telling how long the walls would hold, so he didn't have much time. He scanned through the various papers and mail they had scattered on a table, and could see the scrawled curses this couple had written against a "Hazmat". They hated this person with every fiber of their remaining days.

Larne was close to sharing the couple's feelings on Hazmat, until he found the newspaper story, on Hazmat's upcoming assault on Bell City. He saw the picture. He saw the headline. Hazmat's plan to bring the world crumbling beneath his feet. A man ready to detonate a nuclear weapon at point-blank range, just to watch the carnage it caused from the front row seats. It was him. It was Larne. He was Hazmat.

Larne threw the whole table like he had just found a nest of spiders, smashing it against the opposite wall, making the already brittle walls crack even more. Who was he? What could have brought him to do this? Pieces were missing. Three women, some kind of weird greek names, though none of them were greek. They were members of some organization. They changed something in him. What was it? Did it matter?

He snapped out of his thoughts and looked down at his hand. It was in a tight, shaking fist. His nails were cutting into his palms, and shimmering green blood was dripping out of it, lighting up the whole room. He had never seen his own blood before. Or did he? It sizzled and melted the ground where it dripped beneath him. What was he? The questions kept pouring in, and it only made him more anxious.

"Boss! You alright in there?" The sound broke through the chaos in his mind. The building was crumbling even more around him, but this place had held his secret long enough. He slammed his fist against one of the supports, bringing the whole building toppling down around him, crushing him beneath the ruins. Not that it mattered, as he would crawl out of the debris within a few minutes, swimming through the rebar like it was water.

His friends gathered near the crumbling rocks to reach out and help him out, but he waved them off. "It's alright, this is nothing." He said with his usual chipper smile. "You boys should have been there when half of San Gabriel tried to pin me down." He brushed off concrete dust and pointed back at the worksite. "Lets break early for lunch, I'm buying us all burgers."

Cheers from his friends reminded him who he was now, and he was Larne Leadman again. He wasn't Hazmat anymore. He didn't want that deceased couple's hate on his heart, he didn't want that horrible life back. Whatever the Fates had decided for him, he was happy where he was, and he would never look back. 

Though finding out he could probably survive a nuclear blast was giving him ideas for new career paths.


I knew it, I god damn knew it!

That was the only thought racing through my mind at that moment. Everything else was quiet, unnaturally so. I mean, only a few minutes ago, Karen was in here with those old newspapers and my coffee. Those damn papers...

I looked up at them, strewn across my mahogany desk. To think, I had just wanted them out of curiosity. Today was a rare day off for me, no clients and no research to do, so I had decided to read up on before I lost my memory. A car crash, that's what they told me.

I didn't even need to look at the name, it all came back as soon as I saw that picture. As soon as I saw that mask I wore, I knew exactly who I was and what I had done. I'm even ashamed to say that the memories awakened something in me. Something that longed for those days.

At first, I was angry, obviously. They were my memories. MINE! It didn't matter how bad they were, how much they hurt me, or what they had driven me to do. What are we if not a collection of memories after all?

I picked up the picture of my family, my wife Alice, and the baby in her arms. I smiled as I looked over them. No, that's right. I have new memories now. Better memories. I have a loving and beautiful wife, and the being that she held was more perfect than any world I had tried to create. All the violence was gone from me now.

I touched the picture of my wife's face, my smile only growing. And I couldn't help but laugh a bit as I watched the red tendrils devour the photo. There was soon nothing left of the photo, but ashes and my laughter. My loving wife and child. 

They would be first.


Another day in hell. Another day like each in the past 34 years. Getting up, heading to work, waiting for my boss to leave to play some Grand Theft Auto, going home and spending my last free hours in Just Cause. 
"Still playing those childish games at your age?" isn't rare. 
Well, I don't really care. There's just this certain... thing about destruction that I can't find the right words for. Something I just can't explain using just words. A feeling deep embeded in my soul. Something I would never get rid of even when seeing death with my very own eyes.

Sadly I can't make it reality. Humankind rejects destruction for what they call progression. I can't stand it. Where's the point in living that life? 

"So? what are YOU gonna change? Exactly. Nothing" he said. It's the only thing I remember from that day. He told me I happened to be in a car accident. Hit my head; got a scar across my left eye; all that stuff. To summarize: I lost my memory. 

I don't remember my childhood, my parents, not even my name. In that case I thought why not name yourself James Light. Yeah that James Light. The one, who singlehandedly brought chaos and destruction to the states. The person I adored each and every day. Born a genious, rising from absolutely nothing to the person everyone feared the most. He's what you could call perfection.

To bad everyone rejected my name. Now they call me Steve May. I hate it.

Well, I should get going. My shift is over and no way in hell am I spending more time here than I absolutely need to. At least the roads are almost empty. While I would complain that I feel watched, it's been like that every day so I guess it's just me being paranoid. 

I fall to the ground

"S-s-sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going", she stumbled. 

I looked at the paper she dropped. 

**18 Nov. 2009 - James Light reveals face!**

Why'd anyone use a paper these days? You've got the Internet, don't you?

"I guess nothing happen-", I try to say before recoiling.

They come running from every possible place. Try to hide it but it's too late. I always wondered why something broke down the moment I looked at his face. They've been watching. 

Now I remember. 

"Should we start the last Phase, James?", she asked smiling. 

"We're 19 seconds ahead. Too bad that I expected this", I said with a grin.


I was sweating. Beads of perspiration trickled down my brow and I wiped at them absent-mindedly. My hands shook as I read the newspaper clipping. My eyes blurred as confused tears appeared. 

'Violent And Erratic Weather Patterns Cease' the headline read. But that headline had been enough. I closed my eyes, and the the tears came. That had been me. I had called myself the Weatherman back then. I could control the weather. I could cause tornados, storms, lightning. I could give myself a cushion of air to stand on and effectively fly. I had terrorised the city. For the briefest of six days, I had acted publicly. Unable to hide my powers from society any longer, I had decided to come out of the shadows and present myself to the city. And promised to rule.

Six days. And then she came. And all was gone.

There was a knock on the door. I hastily crumple the clippings and other artifacts that hinted of my past and stuffed them in a briefcase, and slid that briefcase inside my cupboard. And, wiping away sweat and tears from my face, I answered the door. 

"Hello, James. You look like you've been up all night." my therapist said, letting herself in. Right. Session sixteen of the prescribed twenty-two sessions. I stared at her for a moment, wondering if I should tell her the truth. I had been seeing her on and off for about ten years, but she was still a therapist, no matter how cheap her sessions were. Truth was I had been up all night. Digging deep into the past. Looking for the incident that gave me my amnesia. The amnesia which also made me forget I had powers.

The newspaper clipping, and the vambrace I wore back then as a part of my ridiculous costume, now broken, lay in the briefcase. They were hard evidence of the Weatherman. Of me. The clipping was published on the November 12, 2007. A decade ago. It had been a decade since I was the Weatherman.

"James?" the therapist called from my kitchen. She had a habit of making coffee for our sessions. "Yeah. No sugar this time." I called back, shutting the door softly and taking my seat. "I asked you if you were up all night." she said. Damned therapists.

"Yeah. I was looking at books and hobbyist magazines and such. Trying to remember what I liked to do." I replied. She did not say anything right away, and all I could hear was her pouring coffee into a mug. "And?" she asked finally, bringing the mugs into the living room.

"So far, nada." I lied. She looked at me for a second. Then said, "Your memory is slowly coming back. That's good. But you shouldn't rush these things. Maybe stop thinking of what ifs and start thinking about facts. What you liked doing in the past, what you wanted to do, thinking about those things right now are just wild shots in the dark. You need to focus on what you know. What you're good at. Focus on the now and on the future, James."

I sighed. She was right. I shouldn't focus on the what ifs. I should go on with my life until I knew facts. But I knew facts now. I knew what liked to do. I knew I was the Weatherman.

"After the incident. After you were discharged and everything was hazy and finding a job was difficult. What did you do? You went through your personal belongings. Went through your home, and found your degree in accounting. And then you realised you liked numbers. And what do you know? You found a job in a school office. And what happened there?" she prodded.

"I automatically got into my old accounting habits. How I sit in the chair. How I twirl my pen. How I organise my stationery. And a few months into the job I started getting my memory back. At least memories of my old job at the bank." I replied.

"Exactly. Stick to your guns, let your memories come to you at their own time. Stop grasping at shadows." she said.

I wasn't grasping at shadows, though. The memories had come. They were real. I stared at my hand, at the mug, and willed a breeze. And almost gasped when I felt cool air gather and gently push at my hand. The tendrils of swirling steam changed direction and followed my breeze. I was the Weatherman. I looked back at the therapist. She who told me not to dwell on my past and start looking at the future. To try and build from what I knew.

"You." I said in a low voice.

"What?" She asked, he brows creased.

"I was the Weatherman. And you." I growled. The memory came back. Six days I was ruling my city. And then she came. My hands clenched. My fingernails dug into my palms. The window burst open and a gale blew in. Loose paper started flying. The wind carried me off my seat.

Her. That day. Day six. She took everything from me. My city. My power. My memories. And then.

And then she sat before me. Telling me to stop prying into my past. The past that she hid from me. From the minds of everyone who knew. Telling me to move on. Telling me to focus on the now and the future. Telling me to become a better man then I was in the past. 

"James. Please." she looked at me, her eyes pleading. I stopped my control, and the wind violently ripped apart and dissipated, throwing me across the room headfirst into the wall.

When I came to, she stood over me with concerned eyes. Her mouth moving but her voice distant. She pulled me to my feet. "Why?" I heard myself ask. She pursed her lips, and helped me to the couch. "Why?" I asked again, my voice stronger, my senses returning.

"Why what?"

"Why everything? You took away my memory, my power. And then for a decade you've been helping me recover and get my life back together. Why?" I asked.

"That's... I don't know how to answer that right now." she said.

"Why?"

"Look. I think you're concussed. I'm going to drive you to a hospital but you have to promise me you're not going to try anything." she said, ignoring me. 

"I'm not promising shit till you tell me who the fuck you are and what games you're playing with my life." I shot back.

For a second it looked as if my words had hurt her. But then she steeled her gaze. "Yours isn't the only life I've been playing with." she said softly. I stared, mind racing.

"I knew one of you would eventually figure it out. I'm lucky it even took this long. Wiping not only your memories, but everyone who's been involved, who's been in the loop. That's hard to do. Hardest of all was you. That's why I stopped bothering with anyone who went public with their abilities.

"You were the Weatherman. But there were more villains after you. You just happened to be my first. There was the Jailbreaker, Pyromancer, Great Giggle, Mannequin, Master Bob, Lightsinger, Groundbreaker and Ice. Unique names for unique individuals with unique abilities. Abilities that they used to abuse and destroy.

"So I stepped in. When I saw you flying up there, summoning your lightning onto cars and trees, I knew I had to use my power to stop you. I guess that was my destiny. I spoke to you. Do you remember what I said?" she asked.

"'Stop. Stop this before anyone gets hurt. Stop or I'll take your power away.' I remember. You were in my mind. Talking to my thoughts. You were just a kid." I said, remembering, startled.

"Nineteen. But yeah. I'm a telepath. I can control people through their minds. My abilities surfaced a month before you did. But didn't go around screwing things up. I guess my parents raised me right."

"And the others after me?"

"All nine of you I'm keeping tabs on. Making sure you move on smoothly. Groundbreaker owns a gift shop. And I used to work there while I got my PhD in psychology. Master Bob, Jailbreaker, Great Giggle and Mannequin are doing well. Lightsinger and Ice are going in and out of rehab for substance abuse, unfortunately. But at least they aren't freezing or frying anyone who looked at them wrong. Pyromancer is out of town. Visiting a cousin in India. He's doing relatively well, too."

"And you?"

"I'm a therapist. Trying my best to see all of you."

"So what? You're a saint? Guiding the wicked to the right path?"

She looked at me, a flash of anger in her eyes. "What I did to all of you was perverted. It was gross and wrong. Mind reading is just plain criminal. No one should have the power to invade another's mind and control what they know or remember. But it had to be done. Because you all were abusing your gifts and we're on the road to becoming full fledged psychopaths. I had the power to stop it. So I did. But I'm no saint." She said.

"And yet you're here, to see us through. Making sure we do right by society. Giving us a second chance. Seems saintly to me."

"Stop it. What are you going to do now?"

"You tell me, telepath."

"Didn't you hear a word of what I just said? I don't believe in reading another being's thoughts."

I sighed. "You're on a weird path of righteousness. But I believe in you. If you really think I can move on, then I will. In my cupboard is a briefcase. It's my link to the Weatherman. I want you to promise me that you'll burn it. Burn it before you take away one last memory."

"You want me to make it as if this session never happened." she guessed, taking a deep breath and steeling her resolve.

"You read my mind." I smiled.


I always thought that movies were overly theatrical when, in a moment of shock, the protagonist would drop his glass of champagne to shatter dramatically on the floor. Now, with Dom Perignon soaking into my carpet and the soles of my slippers, I wondered if I wasn’t just overly shocked. 

I had known for some time that there was something different about me. Something special… I had just thought feelings like that were the realm of fifteen-year-old girls, not 65-year-old men. I had ignored them. I scolded myself now as I refocused my attention on the scrapbook of newspaper clippings before me. There I was, headlining most of them. 

*The United Nations formally recognizes “Muninn,” a powerful telepath and telekinetic, as the supervillain mostly responsible for the 2008 stock market crash when he imbalanced the real estate market through subtle influence of major financial institutions.* 

*Is Muninn the Supervillain Responsible for Deteriorating Relations Between U.S. and North Korea?*

*Dr. Charles Kingley — better-known as Muninn, president of the recently self-proclaimed International League of Villains — is finally captured with the help of hero CleanSlate, who promises to wipe the man’s memory and return him safely to society. This could be a new era for international prison reform…*

A scowl shot across my features as I ran my hand through my thick white hair. A dirty trick, wiping the mind of a telepath and telekinetic. I reached out and the brown paper that had once wrapped the scrapbook drifted lazily up into my hand. There was something comforting and familiar about using my powers, as though a part of me that had been missing was suddenly returned. I’d never lost my abilities, I realized. I’d simply forgotten to try and use them.

Someone had sent me this scrapbook, hoping to trigger my memory to return. Someone wanted Muninn back, but who…? There was no clue on the wrapper, no return address, and I turned my attention back to the scrapbook. Flipping to the last page I saw a note that I’d missed when my mind had been overwhelmed with a rush of returning memories. 

It was short message, written in a feminine hand that some part of my mind recognized. 

*“Welcome back, Charles. Love, H.”*

I struggled to recall a name to attach to the handwriting, but that was something my mind wasn’t ready to give back just yet. The scowl deepened as I realized how long a road I had ahead of me. Someone had answers, and I wouldn’t stop until I found them.


"Damn it all! Damn it!" I yelled at my pitch black sorroundings. My white hair fell in front of my face as I kept screaming. "Why the hell would he do this?! Why?!" I struck that interior metal wall, denting it. I then began to shed tears.

"This morning," I sobbed slightly, eyes closed, still trying to forget the events of today, "The past months, no years, I had a life. I had a loyal lover. I had children. Even grand children. Then great grand children." I opened my eyes and moved my newly unwavering gaze from the nearly invisible far wall, to my hands; my scarless, plain, and muscular hands. I clenched them into fists. 

"And no one told me who I really was. No one wanted  wanted him back. They wanted a nobody. They wanted me to fade away." I looked back at the wall, trying to use my powers again, to no avail. Only thing I could see was a slight shake of the wall, and at that I closed my eyes again and tried to calm down. *She wouldn't want me to damage anything*, I thought to myself. I smiled at that thought.

*She was the only one to care. She was the one person in the world who knew my pain. I can't wait to see her again.*

I tried to remeber the good morning I had. The coffee alone. The phone call with my "family.* And then I tried to remember the single letter I recieved that day. It was a simple note, and a small article from that mornings newspaper, that I never recieved before. The note read, *I miss you, come back-with Love S.* At first I thought it was simply a case of the mailman giving me the wrong mail, but then I read the news.

"Today marks the 50th anniversary of the successful operation the regime took to end the tyranny of the False Emperor. The man known to have nearly conquered the world with an army of enslaved soldiers, bent on making us all bend to his will. May he never return to ravage our glorious Empire! Long Live the True Emperor of Sol! The hero who beat the Immortal Emperor singlehandedly!"

At the top of the small page, lies a picture of a toppled statue. A toppled statue of myself, as I looked today, with a single man stood atop it.

*What he did to me was worse than death. He not only took my life from me, but he kept me as a man enslaved to his empire, when it should've been MINE.*

This time the metal room around me did begin to shake and crack. I knew what was happening. "My power is back."

It was at this point I got out of my seat and went toward the left wall, and pulled back a horizontal plastic bit, revealing the crimson stained glass. Beyond it, lied the ruins of North America. I watched crumbling buildings come and go. I watched bird and beast roam through the streets. I watched everything from up high.

Suddently I heard a the pop of a microphone, "My Lord, we will be arriving to HQ in 60 seconds please keep seated for the landing," a firm female voice said.

I didn't acknowledge her. I only nodded and returned to my seat, my basic white and gold robe hovering just above the floor as I moved. It was now, I noticed the thrum of the engines and the shifting moments of the helicopter. I remained silent and peaceful until we landed.

The doors flew open to the sight of dozens of black camouflaged soldiers guarding the helepad with a single red-robed black-haired woman who had purple eyes, and a face so beautiful it could charm any man.

As soon as I walked out, the breeze picked up, causing my robe to nearly fly off, and Other black-camouflaged helecopters began to arrive to what now seemed to be an old ocean-bound fossil fuel refinery. As I arrived closer to my greeting party I noticed more and more soldiers began to pour out of all sorts of hatched and door, preparing for who-knows-what.  They moved barrels and netted boxes around. Pulled up ancient devices from the depths of the platform, and moved in such a way that it looked like a choreographed dance.

The woman in front of me noticed my curiosity and smiled. "They are a well oiled machine, and will be ready for whatever is to come, Korian." 

"Korian," I stated out loud, "That's my name."

"Yes it is, and it is a name long forgotten to those that once feared it."

"I think it's a good time for them to remember," I stated smirking.

"Then shall we get started, my love?"

"Yes, my Soria, we shall."

I am home.


I don't remember how I found out about my powers the first time. I don't know how old I was, or how strong I was on that first day. But I can guess exactly what went through my younger self's mind. I must've thought to myself...

*I wonder what I could do with all this power.*

And I don't know if maybe thinking it a second time jogged my memory somehow or... I don't know. I don't! Maybe what made the difference was seeing all the end results laid out in front of me, all the horrible things I already did, all the suffering and the death, and I failed anyway. I met the Lorekeeper in battle and I lost; I never conquered the world, and that man who tried is gone as surely as if he'd been killed.

I don't want to do that again, Sara. I promise you I won't. How much of this did you know before we married? They must have contacted you at some point by now; they must've told you who I was, what I did. But for you to stay with me after that, you couldn't have known everything.

I should tell you. You deserve to know, if you didn't already. I have enough time to leave these papers for you, but I'll be gone by the time you get home. I searched for more details online, and I'm sure it must've raised an alarm for the Lorekeeper. She'll come to confront me again, and I'll let her take me back.

But first, the truth. In my old life I was Hunger. I drew power from eating living creatures. I could use the bodies of anything I consumed as raw material to transmute into... anything, really. I've checked, and it's all still there. Enough that if I just spilled it all out at once, I could squish this city with it. The whole city. Then I could absorb the dead from the ruins, add them to the pile...

I could probably kill the Lorekeeper if I did it. If I tried again, right now. When we met that day, I was growing stronger on an exponential curve, and it was about to go straight up. All it would take is one city rendered down into biomass and I would be invincible.

All it would take.

The fact that I can think that means there's something wrong with me on a deeper level than my powers, Sara. Because the whole time I was doing it, the whole time I was Hunger, I kept telling myself it was worth it. Two or three cities' worth of life was a lesser evil compared to any war I could avert by taking over the world. I told myself the math checked out.

Now I'm looking at it all laid out on our kitchen table. It wasn't worth it. I failed. Every single person I ever killed died for nothing.

No. Maybe not. I can't go back to doing what I did, but I do have my powers back. The biomass I've already collected is still a usable resource. If I surrender to the Lorekeeper when she comes, if I offer to use the power I already have for good. Maybe she might let me do what she does. Taking people alive. I'm strong enough for that already. I don't need to ever kill again to do it.

I need to prepare for this, but I don't have a lot of time and I don't like my chances. If she doesn't like my offer, she'll wipe my memories again and what happens if I find these pictures a second time? I might change my mind again and go back to evil. It would be so easy. 

No, that's not good enough. I need your help, Sara; I'll hide these notes in a place only you would ever find them. So you can remind me of who I was, so you can help me contact her preemptively. I need her name. I might be able to find it before she arrives, and if I leave it here for you...

The Lorekeeper's secret identity. Her face under that helmet, her name, who is she? I'll find it and I'll write it here. Her name is

Sara?no

no no no you can't be


The first time I killed a man, I swore I'd never do it again.

We're more than just the sum of our experiences.  People, I mean; there's always that core of *who* you are, whether you're human, andlarian, an eighth-dimensional overbeing from the planet Klaaarg or just an uplifted, intelligent dog.  I guess it's probably what you'd call a *soul.*

Your experiences *shape* that, mold it and twist it every which way; in another life, Steadfast might have been an insurance salesman, or Revenant a waitress, or Kinetic a soldier.  Instead: Paragon.  Avenger.  Scientist.

Superhero.

Your experiences may not be the be-all, end-all of your existence, but they play a role in who you are in *this* life...and I can take that all away.

I discovered my abilities as a child.  I was able to take...*moments,* from people.  That candy bar I'd walked out of the store with.  That chore I never did.  I was an entitled little brat, to be honest, but none of that part of my life really stuck with me.  A haze of childish hedonism, taking advantage of everyone I could get my hands on.  (Literally.  That's how my powers work.)

The first time I killed a man, it was my father.

He'd started to piece things together.  Missing moments, missing tidbits that he remembered but my mother didn't, or vice versa.  I'd had a good run--I was fifteen at that point--but I was a child, sloppy and careless.  One night when my mother was out, he confronted me.  I, being the arrogant, self-centered little shit that I was, tried to reach him, to make him forget the whole thing.

He grabbed a knife.

The details of the scuffle were unimportant, really.  He didn't get to take many swings at me before I got my hand on the back of his head.  What I remember most clearly about that fight was what happened after: my father, confused, frightened, and entirely unaware of who he was, who I was, who he had been.  I took his whole life after high school away from him, and so the man who raised me was as good as dead.

He ran.  I did, too.

I don't know what my mother thought when she came home to find us both gone.  I know my father eventually turned up at his childhood home, confused and scared, and eventually had one too many nervous breakdowns and jumped from a thirtieth-story office.

Steadfast caught him before he hit the ground, but the light had gone out inside of him.  He made it two more years before drinking himself to death.

As for me...it goes back to a blur.  I didn't accomplish anything worthwhile in my late teens and early twenties.  I stole, I took advantage, I lived for me.  What else could I have done?  What else *should* I have done?

The second time I killed a man, I found out the answer to that question.

Firebug was a small-timer, in the grand scheme of things, but to me, he was the most frightening man in the world.  I happened to be in the lobby when he decided to hold up a bank.  I watched him burn frightened tellers, people I'd been fooling for months into helping me live in the lap of luxury, and I did nothing.  I watched him burn terrified hostages, and I did nothing.  I watched him turn on a wailing toddler, watched him flick that gaudy lighter he used to kick-start his flames, watched--

--I watched his arm fall to his side, the lighter clattering to the ground, his eyes meeting mine through those horrible tinted goggles of his, the confusion and fear playing across his face as I pulled his head back, until--

--until the light went out, and Firebug was gone.

The hostages ran.  I did, too.

I kept his stupid lighter, though.

I remember...I remember the *shame* of it.  Like I'd done something *wrong* by saving all those people.  I remember running from myself as much as from fear of recognition.  I remember...I woke up, days later, in a puddle of drool and vomited pills, and decided it was time to be someone new.

The third time I killed a man, I was as kind about it as I could be, considering the circumstances.

Doctor Kringle, to be quite frank, (and I am), didn't deserve it.  He was a real bastard, and only a *real*  bastard would have hit on the theme of being an evil Santa.  Of all things, an evil *Santa.*  He couldn't even name himself something clever, or Krampus-themed, or any of that.  No, he'd dress up like Saint Nick, ghost himself into people's houses, give their children exploding presents or poisoned cookies, and then disappear.  He'd hit a few dozen homes each Christmas night and then vanish, and the American superhero community was running itself ragged after two consecutive Christmases of his heinousness.  They were finally zeroing in on his base of operations.  It was sheer luck that I got to him first.

The damnedest thing about Doctor Kringle was that he looked for all the world like that jolly-faced white-bearded corporate-controlled goofball image that was the modern-day representation of Saint Nicholas.  He looked the part, and so...

I found him through some old friends of mine, friends who quickly forgot I'd ever been there.  I snuck in while he was out buying groceries.  I hid in a maintenance closet under a pile of spare Santa costumes, and when he went to sleep that night, he never woke up.

Well, Doctor Kringle never did, anyways.  Christopher Freudenberger woke up just fine, in a motel ten miles down the road, with no memory of his crimes, or his abusive parents, or his failed attempt at starting a candy store in his youth.  All he remembered was that children were joyful and innocent, and that all he *really* wanted to be was Santa Claus for them.

He embraced his new life wholeheartedly.  I did, too.

I wasn't responsible for *every* disappearing supervillain.  Some of them were killed by their own plots, some retired or gave up, some just decided to melt back into the population and pretend nothing had ever happened.  Me, though?  I took down dozens over the years, from nobodies like Billy the Squid all the way on up to heavy-hitters like the first Earthmover.  Still don't think I did a great job with that one--you all found him pretty quickly after I got him.  I'm not gonna blame you for hauling him off to Faraday; the man'd held whole cities hostage before.  Still...I was pretty proud of having successfully shifted him over to wanting to start a family and settle down.

I hear his daughter's stirring up trouble in New York, these days.  Maybe you should look into her before she causes some real damage.

Yeah, I can see you out there, Steadfast.  You always were terrible at blending into the background, even in civilian clothes.  I know you can hear me through the walls, and I...want to thank you for letting me finish this recording.  It's terrible, to be forgotten.  I should know.

Still, maybe I'm not as forgotten as I thought I was.  This morning's paper, for instance.  That article by Kinetic's reporter friend was a gripping read, and it's really good to know that you heroes never stop looking into the unsolved cold cases.  Learning about the ongoing mystery surrounding the brain-death of small-time supervillain Firebug and the disappearance of his longtime partner Oblivion, well...

Sometimes, I wish I could forget that day.  I suppose in some ways I already have, but they were important ways.  Ways that made me who I am now.  The things I'm missing, I didn't need.  They made me...someone different.  Forgetting who Oblivion *really* was made me...*better.*  Reading this article just highlights the cruelty and callousness of my youth, and that, too, is something I don't need anymore.  I'd really like to forget it.  Until today, I already had.

I already threw the paper in the fireplace.  Used Firebug's stupid lighter to start the fire, too, and I'm now certain that this isn't the first time I've done that over the years.  I'm not asking everyone else to forget about Oblivion, you see; I'm just asking that you let *me* forget him.  In fact, all it takes is for me to grip the back of my head, like *this--*


Clack. Clack clack clack.

The drumming of fingers on keyboards was deafening. 

Clack clack.

The sound pierced the air 

Clack. 

The sound, cutting through conversation, punctuating half sentences, ruining stories from the night before.

Clack clack clack.

With each passing chatter of the keyboards, the vein on the side of Syd's head began to swell and pulsate. He hated this life. He hated his job. He hated his girlfriend. He hated the whole sorry lot.

Clack.

The clacking was getting to be more than he could bear.how did he end up in this sorry state? The more he tried to remember, the less he could. He swore to himself that life had more to offer than the office. But it would appear he was wrong.

Clack clack.

His breathing started to hasten. The frustration growing. He tightened his fists ready to erupt.

Ping.

Ping was a different sound. Ping was an email. Ping was contact from the outside world, from somewhere other than the cage he called work. He clicked it. 

Click.

Suddenly the room fell silent. His breathing all but stopped and his eyes grew wide all while a smile curled on his lips. He knew it! He knew there was more to life than this. 

"YOU ARE NOT SYDNEY HARBOUR"

The email had an attachment.

Click.

His eyes traced the lines across the screen his grin growing more sick and twisted with each line passed. "The Human Nuke levels financial building" lead to "He dropped workers from roof after they begged" before finally arriving at "ultimately he was stopped by the mindfreak but the damage was done"

Underneath the article was a picture clear as day with syndey's face contorted in to a maniacal grin atop the recently levelled building. He couldn't remember but he knew the picture was real. He could feel it in the very depths of himself. 

Clack.

Syd's eyes snapped shut and the world around him crumbled. There was no more office, no more co workers and no more clacking. All that remained was the smouldering embers and a phoenix rising from the ashes.


As I read the names I, feel hot tears trickle down my face. 

George Hopkins (29)
Jamie Thomas (53)
Lilly Read (82)
Sean Lee (32)
Nicole Price (10)
Ellie Marsh (21)
....

The list of names goes on to cover 6 sheets of newspaper. All dead. Every single one of these people had a life, a family and friends. Now, each and everyone of them dead, because of me. My tears slowly drop onto the newspaper, each time falling onto a different name. The name of someone who no longer existed. I turn back to the front cover. Its a picture taken from the aftermath of the so called q-fever catastrophe. There were corpses heaped in a pile on the side of a road, faces with eyes still open and a figure wearing an eerie looking gas mask. I couldn't help but draw connections with images of the black plague. I read the description next to it.

"Let us not forget the q-fever catastrophe. On this day 10 years ago Dr Von swag Breinstein aka the Mad Scientists (pictured page 5) released the deadly q-fever virus in the city of Atropilas killing upwards of 5000 people and sending the city into chaos." 

"Why would I do this?"


She looked out over a wasteland, newly born from her rage. She had tried to help them, and they had repaid her with death. Well, death is something she now understood, and was more than willing to give in return. The metal blade in her hand rang once more with her power, ready to carve another great gash in the ground. The tattoo on the back of her head glowed bright, ready to announce to her enemies who they could thank for the devastation when she walked away, leaving their city in ruins.

As she raised her blade to strike again, chains of light sprang up from the land around her, binding her tight and drawing her to her knees against the ground. The blade fell with a clatter, out of reach and useless. She sent all of her power into the chains, but they did not react to her command, and a scream of helpless fury erupted from her throat and tore her world into blackness.

Sarah woke from her nightmare with a start, sweating and clammy. The dream was unlike any she had had before, but probably just a result of her class project she had fallen asleep while working on. She picked her head up from the desk, a piece of paper sticking to her cheek from the drool. Getting herself together, Sarah rearranged her notes on what was formally known as simply, “The Incident.” There was not much information available about the perpetrator, other than the moniker given to him by a hack tabloid writer trying to make a name for himself: The Blade who Cut the World.

There were some survivor interviews and pictures of the person that were taken after the Incident and before the “rehabilitation” process, but they were locked within a secure website. Sweeping her notes into her bag, she slung it over her shoulder and headed off to the university library, where, as a research institution, they might have access to the information she needed to complete her project.

The public-use computers in the library were no help, but she batted her eyes at the research librarian, who blushed and let her use his administrator account on his computer while he went on break. Turns out the school did have the proper credentials to access the website with the information she needed. Skimming over the survivor reports, a chill ran up her spine. Some of the details were eerily similar to her half-remembered dream. Going over to the file photos of the perpetrator, she saw a tattoo of a flaming sword on the back of a bald head. The next photo almost made her fall out of her chair. A face contorted in rage stared back, almost unrecognizable except for the eyes and a cut across her cheek. Her eyes, and a cut in the same shape of the scar from the car crash that killed the rest of her family.

Stumbling out of the library, Sarah ran the entire way back home in panicked disbelief. She went into the bathroom and locked the door, although she was alone in the house. Looking into the mirror, she saw the same eyes from the picture, except now there was fear in them instead of rage. The car crash had happened three years ago, the same time as the Incident, erasing much of her memory of her life prior. The one memory she had was her mother running her hands through her long hair as she brushed it, saying how pretty it was and that she hoped Sarah would never cut it. And she hadn’t ever since the accident, as a way of honoring her mother’s wish. 

But now she held scissors in trembling hands, locked eyes with herself in the mirror, and began to cut. Once she had cut down to the scalp on the back of her head, she took a deep breath and picked up a hand held mirror, angling it so she could see the back of her head in the main mirror. And the flaming sword tattoo that had been revealed. The perpetrator of the Incident hadn’t been a man after all.

The mirror fell to the floor, shattering, as Sarah vomited into the bathroom sink. Looking back up into the mirror, she locked eyes with herself once again. 

“I am the Blade who Cut the World.”


"This one, where is he going?" A tall orderly with a scruffy beard asked his colleague. 

"That one, he's going to uh..." the other orderly checked his list, "Creative Writing 101." 

I stood up and walked over to them. I kept my room neat, you could even say it was orderly. Pardon the pun.  

"You ready?" The tall orderly with the beard asked. 

"Yes, me ready." I responded and followed their lead as they stepped out into the hallway. We walked casually down a long hallway and I waved to my neighbors Frost Giant Shemp and Mad Mike as a I passed their rooms. Both of them had ironic nicknames, I'm assuming they called Shemp a Frost Giant because of his stark white hair and small stature and Mad Mike was the nicest guy you'd ever meet. It was how the orderlies referred to them, which is why I didn't think twice when they gave me my nickname. I assumed it was because I am neat.

"Hey Yeti," shorter guard said to me as he looked over his shoulder, "how's class going?" 

I couldn't remember what life was like before I came to live here in the rehabilitation center. The doctors said I had a form of amnesia though they weren't specific as to what caused it. According to the official story, they found me wandering in rural Oregon. I don't remember any of that either. 

"Class good," I replied, "we make story with papers." 

The assignment was to take disparate articles we liked from newspapers and weave them into a complete narrative. We could use as few as ten, but as many as we wanted. I like science fiction, so I tried and looked for ones that suggested some kind of mystery. Every time we met for class we would bring in snippets and paste them to a storyboard. 

I liked the local stuff and the idea of the wilderness has always fascinated me. So I looked for animal sightings, missing persons, anything that would suggest the presence of some wild, but unknown beast was lurking in the area. 

It started with a story I found in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer from three years ago. A local wild life researcher, Ian Cinetti, who claimed to have evidence of a new undiscovered, possibly bi-pedal mammal living in the Pacific Northwest had gone missing while collecting evidence. He had been missing for 72 hours at the time of the report. 

The next article was from the Portland State Vanguard and detailed the events of a UFO sighting in Albany, Oregon roughly at the same time as Ian Cinetti's disappearance. 

The challenge was to start to weave these into a narrative. 

The third and fourth articles detailed some hikers that had gone missing in the region. Then more lights in the sky, a man who claimed to have been chased home by what he described as Bigfoot after leaving a marijuana dispensary in Portland. On and on these articles I had collected went. I had about thirty or so and went way over my minimum of ten... but I was weaving together a great story and didn't feel as though I had reached a conclusion yet. So there I sat, after arriving in class, combing through old papers when suddenly I felt a chill run down my spine. 

The headline read: Unknown Primate Savagely Attacks Zookeepers Before Releasing Primates. 

Where they serious? I double checked the header, this was the Seattle Post-Intelligencer alright. A legitimate paper with this kind of headline? 

The article said the zoo was closed until further notice and provided no further detail.

I quickly clipped out the article and added it to my cache. It was then, when I was re-arranging my articles that I first noticed it... the swelling in my hands. 

I found the next day's edition of the PI and sure enough, the front-page headline read: Lions, Tigers, Bears, and Apes: Animals Escape Woodland Park Zoo.   

It turns out this unknown primate had released all of the wild animals from their enclosures, the paper had no further details. 

I clipped this one as well and thought to myself that I never remembered my arms being so hairy. I sat in that room for another hour following this event. The unknown primate was estimated to stand between nine and eleven feet tall and weight between 900 and 1200 pounds. 

There were satellite images showing this thing, which I would only describe as Sasquatch or Big Foot leading a herd of wild animals ranging from Apes to Tigers and even a Komodo Dragon. The National Guard had been brought in and there were hundreds of fatalities at this point. 

My instructor must've noticed I was growing uncomfortable, I was pouring sweat and I felt like a stuffed sausage inside my clothes. I saw the fear in his eyes when I looked up at him and suddenly I could hear everything. His heart beat, the roars outside of my army beckoning me. 

All I could think was, "man bad, he trap animal, he murder Earth. He hurt Gaia. I hurt him. All of him."

All I could say was, "RRRRROOOOOOARRRR!" 

My shirt ripped across my back as I reached up and grabbed my instructor by the neck. My hands were the size of catchers mitts and they were covered in hair. I squeezed his neck like an empty juice box and he gurgled out his dying breath. 

Flinging his lifeless corpse across the room, I leaped onto a desk and my pants ripped off of me. My legs were just as hairy as my hands and I couldn't see skin anymore. I could hear gun shots outside and I knew that Shemp and Mike had returned to their forgotten forms and had come to join me. 

Together, with Mother Nature supplying my army we will finally rid the world of mankind and return the Earth to it's glory.


“What would you like today boss?”

“Something strong and dark, I think it’s gonna be a long night.”

“Coming right up!”

As the scruffy barista retreated behind the bar, Edith listened to the rain thrumming against the windows of the coffee shop, obscuring the sleepy city street outside and doing wonders for her already dreary mood. She hated fieldwork, took no pleasure in it, and certainly didn’t enjoy being sent across the country for one single target. But still, here she was, one week into her assignment and not a single lead- the runaway this time was like a ghost, leaving only a few clues leading all the way to this dead end of a city.

The light clatter of porcelain from the kitchen roused her from her thoughts, and Edith looked around the shop, taking in the cozy little business with a keen eye. The interior was shabby, to say the least, with a hodgepodge of comfortable armchairs, eclectic collection of tables, mismatched dishes, and a garish orange-brown paint job that loudly advertised the owner’s utter lack of aesthetic sense. But the smell that hung in the place was divine, and for that Edith could forgive quite a lot.

The barista himself was young, shaggy, and muscular, wearing a tight-fitting shirt and a pair of jeans. If he hadn’t been the one behind the bar and the spatter of brown stains on his clothes, she would’ve assumed he was just another patron. But there were no other patrons- the only other customer had left soon after she had arrived. Odd- she looked at the barista again, at the faux-casual lean and the errant dart of his eyes. Was he-

“Here you go Boss.”

Edith jolted in her seat, almost knocking the coffee from the barista’s hands in surprise. Unphased, the barista smoothly swung the coffee away from her, and then back again without spilling a drop. Nodding apologetically, Edith accepted the steaming beverage and leaned back in her seat. The barista gave a short bow, and retreated once more to the safety of his bar.

Sipping at the steaming liquid, Edith looked over the case file once more. The runaway was a class 0 threat according to the dossier, with only enough power to fly a kite indoors. Despite that he had been a part of Sanctuary- the largest villain group to date, and was reportedly one of their inner circle according to one of the few bits of information the retrievers could get their hands on. The group had completely disappeared a few years ago, yet here was one of their top brass, alone, standing awkwardly behind the bar- as if daring her to make the first move. Letting out a low sigh and slowly shifting her body, she took another, much larger sip, fully appreciating the flavor for the first time.

“The coffee is delicious.”

It really was.

“Thank you, Boss.”

His bright green eyes were intense and unblinking. He knew.

“What flavor is it, if you don’t mind me asking?”

Slowly, with her hand hidden below the table, Edith reached for the gun at her hip.

“Nostalgia.”

Before Edith could bring the gun to bear, the table before her shot forward and slammed into her chest- knocking her deep into the plush depths of the armchair. *Threat level 0 my ass*, she thought as starbursts exploded across her vision. Gasping for breath, she pressed one hand to the fabric of the armrest, and another onto the table that was pinning her down. In an instant, the table went limp, and she threw it away from her, spinning the hardened armchair around to block another weaponized table. It bounced off harmlessly, and in the short lull that followed Edith drew her gun, aimed at the shocked barista, and pulled the trigger. 

His eyes went wide as the small electric dart whizzed through the air and impacted into his shoulder, causing him to spasm violently and fall, hitting his head on the counter on the way down. *Ouch*. Edith winced apologetically. She really hated field work. Taking a deep breath, she rounded the corner of the bar and stood over his still-twitching body.

“I am Officer Edith Brown of the Retriever Task Force, you are under arrest.”

Edith leaned down, reaching for his forehead, recalling several pleasant memories to tide him over while she worked on a much more believable backstory to feed him back home. But then a small torn photograph floated into view and she froze, hand inches from his face. The image was faded and worn, featuring a gaggle of gap-toothed children gathered together at one end of a sterile white room.

“I know who you are, Boss.”

Before she could even begin to comprehend the contents of the photo, Edith flew backwards- impacting lightly onto the painted stone wall of the shop. The barista stood, seemingly unharmed, an unspent electric dart floating a few inches above his upraised palm. His words were hard and sharp, but his eyes were another matter altogether- red-rimmed and damp. Once more the photograph floated up before her eyes, and Edith looked harder at the worn piece of paper, pushing against the invisible force that held her down to grab hold of it.


“You’re the Boss. I’ve been waiting for you.”


Just a misdirection, just like all the rest. Desperate rage, excuses, pleas, desperate cries for mercy, but mostly just lies- they all try the same tricks when trying to escape the law. It’s why she hated fieldwork the most- all it takes is one touch and then it doesn’t matter anymore, but until then it was all just such a pain.

Empowering her arm for one desperate push, Edith grabbed hold of the photograph and swapped it with the wall, slamming her heel backwards to break the paper blocks that held her captive. The wall crumbled under the force of the blow, distracting the barista long enough for her to draw her gun once more, aim, and fire. The dart caught him in the neck, and with a stuttering wail the barista flopped uselessly to the floor. *Got him!*

*Damn telekenetics…* She rubbed her aching muscles and turned, placing one hand on the soggy paper blocks and undoing the damage- returning the wall back to its original shape and form. Looking down at the crumpled lacquer photograph in her hand, Edith deflated, and returned it to its original form too. Actually looking at the image for the very first time, she wondered why he had been so insistent on the thing. He hadn’t even tried to run, he definitely had the power to, so why bother? She certainly didn’t remember him, but from the beginning every word out of his mouth seemed to imply that he knew her.

And then she saw them- a boy and a girl, side by side among the jumble of kids. One meek and despondent looking with a mop of messy blonde hair, and the other tall, dark-haired, and defiant- and an exact match to a photograph in her father’s apartment. It had always looked a little off, and now she knew why. Reaching for her phone, she cut it, and then reached for his forehead. 

If he really did know her, and she had a reasonable idea why, then she had to know the rest of the truth.


“What did you say?”

I paused, my card already jammed into the receptacle and deducting $5.29 from my bank account.  “What?”

The clerk stared at me, his green eyes narrowed.  I drew half a step back almost unconsciously.  “Uh.  I asked if I could have my drink cup.  You guys keep making us wait and it’s kind of annoying.”

The man stared at me, his lips pressed into a thin line.  “What are you doing?”

All right, the guy was clearly crazy.  I tore my debit card free, shoving it back into the holder permanently resting in my pocket.  “I’m trying to get a Big Mac.  What’s your problem?”

“Are you insane?” he hissed, leaning forward across the counter.  “What are you *doing*?”

“Greg?” someone called from across the store.  A manager, judging by the color of their uniform.  Their voice was carefully cheerful.  “What’s going on?”

“Nothing!  Just helping this gentleman out,” Greg said, his face snapping back to carefully neutral as he smiled at me.  A plastic cup was shoved into my hands, along with the paper slip of my receipt.  “Look - don’t be an idiot,” he said, his voice dropping low enough I had to lean in to hear him.  “I don’t know what game you think you’re playing, but you can’t walk in here talking gibberish.  Leave me alone.”

I stared at him, my mind racing, but the customers behind me were already pushing forward.  I stepped back to join the others waiting for their food, my mind churning.

I had a bit of a gift.  Well, that’s how I liked to think about it.  It had taken a few years to figure out - all languages sounded exactly the same to me.  No matter if I was speaking to someone blabbering on in French or chattering in Italian, it all came across as plain old English.

My parents had been freaked out, understandably.  It had taken a bit of doing to convince them I wasn’t just crazy.  And as soon as we’d pieced together what was going on, we’d begun hiding.  It wasn’t as though I could suddenly start spouting off Spanish and German, after all.  We couldn’t even just leave copies of Rosetta Stone lying around meaningfully.  The instant someone I actually *knew* called me on it, the secret would be up.  I kind of valued living a normal life, too much to allow something like that to happen.

Tray in hand and my mediocre food steaming, I filed back to my seat.  I could feel Greg’s eyes on me the whole way - staring.

What was his problem?  Had I stuttered?
And what had he meant, gibberish?  Maybe he spoke a different language, sure,  but why would that be a problem?  He should be happy that I’d spoken Polish or Swahili or who-gives-a-fuck.  Maybe a bit surprised, but not *angry*.  His reaction wasn’t normal at all.

I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong.  Normally I would have lingered, taking my time in eating.  With the feeling of Clerk Asshat’s eyes on the back of my neck, I just wanted to leave.  I shoveled my value meal down as quickly as I could, hardly tasting it.  My phone lit up with notifications, friends and family blabbering away, all wanting to know where I was.  When I’d be finished with the day’s chores.  Could I pick up this grocery list for them, or finish that errand?

I ignored all of them.  The wrapper crumpled instantly in my hand as I pushed myself upright, dumping the whole lot of it in the trash.

The guy wasn’t there.  A bit of the tension slipped out of my shoulders as I saw his station replaced by a tiny, grinning brunette.  Good.  Maybe his manager had finally taken him down a notch.

The lights on my car blinked across the parking lot at me as I stepped out of the store.  The cold air snapped me awake, back to reality in an instant.  I was letting that guy creep me out for no reason.  He was just a jerk, that was all - trapped in his minimum wage job.  Probably just a crazy, when I thought about it.  He was probably just-

I yelped, eyes widening as fingers buried themselves in my hair, pulling painfully.  Someone had me.  There was something cold at my throat - cold and *sharp*.

“Ok, asshole,” Greg hissed in my ear, his voice wild.  “We’re going to go for a walk.”

“What the *fuck* are you-”

“Shut up.”

The blade dug into my neck.  I could feel a hot line of blood dripping down my skin.  My mind raced - this was insane.  He really was crazy.  A lunatic.  He was-

There was nothing I could do to fight him as he turned me, forcing me towards the back of the store.  A dingy, beat-up station wagon waited in employee parking, the lot unlit and dismally dark.  I scanned the lot even still, ready to bellow for help at a moment’s notice.

It was useless.  There was no one around.  No one was going to hear.

He slammed me into the back of his car, my face pressed painfully against the glass.

“How stupid do you think I am?” he spat.

“What the *hell* are you talking about?” I cried, shaking.

“What, you think you’re being subtle?  You’ll just walk in, talking the Old Tongue like you were born to it, and I’ll roll over for you?”

“Look, dude, there’s been some mistake,” I moaned.  “It’s-It’s just something that I can do, all right?  It’s not-”

“Right,” he said with a laugh, his fingers still pulling painfully at my hair.  “Like I’m going to believe *that*.”

“I speak tongues, all right?” I said, craning my head until I could look at him.  “That’s all.  I don’t know what you heard.  All I know is-”

“How long until they get here?”

I blinked.  “What?”

“I’m not *stupid*,” he spat.  “I’m not going to sit idly until they come to finish the job. How long until the rest of them show up?”

“The rest of *who*?” I said, trying desperately to keep from crying.

“You know damn well who-” he said, but stopped abruptly.

I blinked.

Somewhere in the distance, sirens were approaching.

My heart leapt.  Police.  *Yes*.  Someone must have seen him, someone must have called the cops.  I was saved.  He’d-

He let go of my hair in an instant, leaping away.  His car abandoned, he vanished into the underbrush of the woods behind the McDonald’s.  I fell in a crumpled heap, my heart still pounding in my ears.

Tires screeched as the cop car pulled up moments later, a pair of officers piling out.

“Sir!  Sir, are you all right?” one yelled, racing over to me. “Can you tell me what happened?”

“There was- a man,” I said, glancing back at the woods.  ‘H-He had a knife.  He was crazy.  Thought I was speaking some funny language or something.”

“Why would he think that?” the other said, his brow furrowing.

“I-I don’t know,” I said, instinctively clamping down.  The cops paused, staring at me.

“What, that’s it?” the first said.

“I’m sorry,” I muttered, unable to meet their eyes.  My gaze drifted, needing to find something, anything else to look at.  The flashing lights of their cars drew my eyes in, holding my gaze.

I froze.

“Well, look.  I’m sure this has been a traumatic event.  Why don’t you come back with us, and we’ll talk about it?” The second said, smiling blankly at me.  One hand dropped to his belt.

Neither of them was wearing a radio.  There was nothing on his belt but a gun and a pair of handcuffs.  The details of it stuck out like a lightning flash in my mind.

I took a step back.

“Look, don’t worry, all right?” the first said, beaming at me.  “You’re safe now, right?”

The insignia on their car was wrong.  I’d lived in the town my entire life, and it was *wrong*.  It didn’t even have the right *name* on it.  It just looked…

Generic.

I took another step back.

The smiles were beginning to fade from their faces.

“Look, come on,” the first said.  “Just take it easy, ok?  We’ll just go for a ride.”

His hand reached out, grabbing for my elbow.  I skittered away before he could touch me, suddenly sure of two things.

Whoever those two were, they were *not* police officers.

And I was in a mess of trouble.

---

(/r/inorai, critique always welcome!)

~~Not against a part 2, but I'm off to bed for the night, and part 2 would come in the morning xD there is a thread [on my sub -](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inorai/comments/8tn2oh/wp_whenever_you_speak_people_hear_you_speaking_in/e18qek8) Leave a comment there and I will update you if this gets more :)~~

[Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inorai/comments/8tvvbk/silvertongue_2/)


I take a deep breath as I approach the counter. The cashier has his head down, but he looks pretty generic from what I can see of him. If I'm lucky, I'll sound like I'm just another guy, trying to order my share of Chicken McNuggets. 

"Hi, could I have a Happy Meal, please?" 

His eyes snap to me as if magnetically attracted, and I can instantly feel the confused hostility radiate off him like heat waves. He opens his mouth to speak, closes it, and just examines me further with laser-like scrutiny.

I'm pretty sure I must be gaping in return. Every last person in this establishment knows that they've replaced the chicken meat with something since the birds went extinct in the 2900's, but no-one's ever quite gone so far as to openly eye-murder me for my unhealthy eating choices. 

The man at the cashier -- *Brian,* his name tag reads -- slowly lifts his apron over his head and walks straight out the back door, signalling for me to follow him. A woman quickly fills in his place, attempting to smooth the situation over, but I'm already halfway out to the parking lot.

As soon I've exited, Brian steps out from a wall, invading my personal space with absolutely no regard for it. His unusual features -- pale skin, blue eyes -- give me pause. All are traits that should technically be genetically impossible at this point. 

"I don't know what you're--" I try to say as soothingly as I can manage, but he shakes his head: a short, sharp jerk that cuts me off immediately. 

"How do you know that language?" he asks me quietly. There's something a bit off about his tone, but I can't quite place it. 

"Look, dude, I have no idea -- "

"No-one's spoken that language for thousands of years." He back-peddles until I can no longer smell his Filet-O-Fish breath in my face, and for a second I think he might let me leave, but he still blocks my way, looking at me strangely. 

"It's just a thing I do. It's not under my control. It's another one of those implants," I say, pushing aside my hair to reveal the microchip embedded under my ear, where the skin is stretched tight enough to showcase its electric blue wiring.

Brian's eyes have taken on a watery sheen, and I realize with a jolt that he's crying. "I came here three years ago in a machine," he tells me, his voice holding up impressively. "I don't know how or why -- just that I woke up surrounded by useless buttons and a billion people I can't begin to understand." He takes a step further back, and then one more, and then somewhere along the way he's walking away fully, ignoring me standing there rooted to the ground in shock. 

And then suddenly I'm not.

"Wait, Brian!" The name sounds bizarre coming from my lips; it's almost as outdated as *Sophia* or *Britney*. "What is the name of the language? The one I'm speaking?" 

He turns in the distance, his face etched with a bittersweet smile. "English. It's called... English."

And then he disappears from sight.


“Nobody’s spoken that language in thousands of years.” Whispered the cashier, dropping my McNuggets. “I thought I was the last one! I can’t believe there’s more survivors! I mean, you skin is a little more pale than I would expect but who cares? Follow me, we need to talk!”

“But my McNuggets” I said

“Don’t worry, I’ll make you however many nuggets you want if you come sit and talk with me.”

I shrugged and decided I would entertain this guy. I wasn’t really listening to what he was saying but I wanted to entertain this little crazy man. We sat down in a small booth far away from anymore McDonalds connoisseurs and he started to talk. 

“So, how did you escape? What do you remember? Are there more like you and me out there?”

“Look buddy I have no idea what you’re talking about, escape from what?”

“From the earthquake of course! What else would I be talking about?”

“There was an earthquake? What language are you hearing right now exactly?”

“ATLANTEAN OF COURSE!”

Now this threw me back. 
“What? Atlantis is fake my guy.” 

“Well then why are you speaking fucking Atlantean?”

“I’m not, I’m just talking! What happened in ‘Atlantis’ that I should be worried about, hmmm?”

A look of sadness and remembrance came over his face. 
“Well I’m from there. Over 1000 years ago my island was swallowed by the ocean. Earthquakes, fires, tsunamis... they plowed over my island and I was lucky to have been on a traders ship outside of Atlantis’ main port.”

“What makes you think I’m going to believe you?” I said, actually quite curious now. Either he was a good actor or telling the truth. 

“Well, Atlanteans live forever unless killed, and since I’ve been around for that long I have some pretty neat stuff back home that might convince you.”

“As long as you get me my fucking McNuggets.”
________________________
________________________
Hey r/WritingPrompts , long time lurker first time poster here. I left a lot of plot holes, I know. But the first thing I thought of was Atlantis and I wanted to do something with it. I have an idea for more of this story but my formatting and the gaps between my dialogue made me cringe too much to keep going. 

Don’t tear me apart pls


Edit: Part Two is in the comments and further updates can be found at r/Greeneggsandspam555

My parents had been surprised, at first, when they realized I could speak Spanish to my nanny as well as I could speak English.

"She must have a gift," said my mom.  My Dad wasn't as pleased.  He thought I was being influenced too much by Mrs. Reyes and promptly let her go.  Since then, I had always taken it for granted that I automatically spoke to the gardener and the cashier in Spanish.  My Mom was impressed that I had retained so much from my toddler years.  We had learned not talk about it with Dad.

In high school, I decided to take Spanish as an easy elective, but I found that I couldn't even remember how to say "How are you?"  when I was with my teach, Mrs. Nelson.  She was tall with a severely cut white-blonde bob and seemed to hand out C's and D's gleefully.  She had learned Spanish as a missionary in Guatemala, and a part of me felt like she was saying it all wrong.  Who would have been able to catch her faking it in this town? Just about everyone was the same here: white and English speaking.  Another part of me knew that she couldn't have gotten licensed to teach Spanish if she didn't speak it, which lead to a weirder question: why couldn't I remember a single word when I was around her?

Things started to get a lot weirder when I took my Spanish homework to our gardener, Carlos, for help.  He seemed puzzled when I handed him my worksheet and asked for help. "Oh Jessie," he said "It's been so long since I took Spanish I don't think I can help." I didn't know what to say for a few seconds.  We were *speaking* in Spanish.  Weren't we?  I knew we weren't speaking English.

"Ummm..." I stammered "What language are we speaking then?"

Carlos started laughing. "How can you not know what language we're speaking? I'm from the Philippines , Jess, I speak Tagalog.  How did you learn it if you don't even know what it's called?"

That was the questions I started asking myself over and over again. I started to stitch together a weak, but plausible answer.  Carlos had been the gardener since I was six. I must have just learned it from him. A Google search told me that the vocabulary was influenced by English and Spanish.  I must have been able to understand enough of the words to just guess the rest in the beginning and eventually I learned the rest by practicing.

Our town was small and monolingual enough that I almost could have gotten through high school without realizing if it hadn't been for Selim, the Turkish exchange student.  When I automatically started speaking Turkish with him, I stopped making excuses.  There was something going on that was really weird, and if there was one thing I didn't want to be in high school, it was weird.   So I dropped out of Spanish and started avoiding Selim.  I even started coming into my house through a different door so I didn't run into Carlos in the garden.

I was able to easily avoid speaking anything but English, until the Saturday my Dad took me to McDonalds.  It was a strange thing for him to do.  He rarely showed any interest in me and he openly despised fast food.  I thought we were going to just go through the drive through, but instead he parked and we walked inside.  As soon as I got inside I noticed one of the cashiers.  She looked about six feet tall, for one thing, but there was another thing about her that I couldn't quite figure out.  For some reason I just wanted to stare.

When it came time to order my Dad ordered a double cheeseburger and an extra large soda. Another time, I would have been questioning when my dad started eating burgers or drinking soda. However, the tall girl was the one taking our order, and I was having a hard time paying attention to anything but her.  I realized both the girl and my Dad were staring at me, waiting.

"Umm.... can I get fries?" Is what I meant to say, but what came out of my mouth was something else entirely.  It sounded more like a series of grunts and clicks than a language.

"Stop goofing around Jessica!"  my Dad said.  "There are people waiting."

But it was the girl's reaction that scared me.  Her happy how-can-I-help-you face had turned into something else entirely.  She glared at me intensely, eyebrows furrowed, lips pulled down into an angry frown.

"Can I get fries," I tried to whisper but the strange sounds came out of my mouth again.  I turned to my Dad, "Can you order the fries for me," I said "I need to go to the bathroom."

He seemed too dumbstruck to be angry, so I power-walked from the line to the restroom, where I found an open stall and sat.  What had just happened? And why had that girl been angry about it?

I couldn't sit in the bathroom forever, so eventually I got up, went to the sink, and started washing my hands.  I looked in the mirror, and I realized I wasn't alone. That girl was standing in the corner staring at me.  We both stood in silence while I continued to wash my hands.  Was I supposed to break the silence? What was she doing here?

"What are you doing here?" She finally said, in English.

"My Dad brought me," I said, but of course it came out in more clicks and grunts.

"Stop, please."

"I can't"

She just stared for a few seconds.  I couldn't tell if she was angry or confused.

"I'm sorry I don't know what is happening, I can't control it." I added

"Just speak English, they have spies everywhere," she paused before adding,  "unless you are a spy."

"I'm not!" I interjected quickly "I don't even know what's going on.  I've never told anyone this before, but I just speak other languages, I guess, I mean... I don't know anything about it."

"That's hard to believe," she said "But, on the other hand. You aren't one of us.  You're too small, for one thing.  Just, please, don't come here again if you are going to speak The Language."

"What language? What language are we speaking?" I asked

"If you really don't know I can't tell you. But you put both of us in danger when you speak it. Don't come back here. Get your Dad and go."

She left the bathroom and I went and explained to my Dad that I wasn't feeling well and needed to go home as soon as possible.  After the antics I had pulled in the line, he wasn't too happy with me, but he was happy to get me out of McDonalds. Some people had heard me and were staring.

As we got into the car I realized that I needed to go back. I needed to speak with that girl again and find out why she couldn't be heard speaking her language.  Mostly, though I wanted to figure out how I knew it, how I seemed to know every language, and how I could make it all stop.


“Nobody’s spoken that language in thousands of years,” the cashier hissed.

I sighed. I hadn't noticed the cashier was a mummy.

“Sorry,” I said. “I swear I'm not racist—I just have this power where people hear my voice in their native language—”

“Then I would get that looked at,” spat the bandage-covered cashier as he handed me my receipt. “Your order number is 66.”


**Note: Part 6 is located under the replies for part 5.**

Oh, I've got a good one.

A new restaurant had just opened up in town, it had a weird name, but no one seemed to pay much attention to it.

I decided to go there for lunch one day, just to see what it was like. Well, I got the shock of my life there. Let me tell you what happened.

I walked into the building (which was called *The High-Ruled Kingdom*, for whatever reason), and ordered my food.

The cashier looked up at me in a mixed variety of emotions.

Fear, surprise, shock, was that anger?

"No one's spoke that language in thousands of years."

I stared back at the man, confused. 

"What do you mean?"

The man took a lok over his shoulder, excused himself from his work station, then motioned for me to join him at a tale. I did, and then he began talking about verrryy strange things.

The man, who revealed himself to be a son of the current owner of *Forester Brewery*, said that the language I had spoken was only spoken by those from his homeworld. 

"Homeworld? Are you high or something?"

"No. I assure you that I have not taken any kind of mind altering drinks or food items, thank you very much."

For some reason, the man told his co-workers that he would be going home early and left the building. I followed.

I found the guy sitting on a very strange bike, it appaered to be made out of wood.

"Where'd you get this from?"

"Been in the family for years. my father wants to talk to you, now that the secret's out, no point in keeping you wondering."

Wait. This guy that I just met was telling me to go home with him? Was he insane?

"Look, if you think I'm getting on that bike with you..."

"Oh, you don;'t have to, you can just walk, if you like."

I ended up choosing the bike, against my better judgement. And let me tell you, I did *not* expect the guy to live in a freaking huge mansion.

While I was walking up the drive way, I wondered what this guy's father wanted with me, and what about this 'family secret'?

(Want to see more? Just ask.)


Oh, here we go again.  The pale, skinny, tattooed, creep behind the counter was freaking out, whispering, shaking, stammering, "nobody's spoken that language in thousands of years."  So, of course I had to screw with him a little.  "Well, obviously you don't get out much."  "Now, how about my Big Mac, or do I talk louder?"

I had no idea what the sewage spewing out of my mouth sounded like to him.  Nor did I care.  When I wished for this, I didn't think of the consequences.  But nobody ever does, do they my *little* *Jin*?  It was all so clever at first, math to mathematicians, Hindi to Lyft drivers, a little Telugu, Yue, and Hiligaynon here and there.  Happy times for the attractive, magical hyperpolyglot.  But not for long.

Who knew there were so many weirdos in San Francisco?  Not foreigners, they're not weird.  I mean the real freaks: aliens, time travelers, walking dead, the "ancient ones," demons, angels, Jin, and of course, the endless  vampires.  And that's exactly what I had on the other side of the counter.  Working the night shift at a McDonalds.  Don't they all?  And that skinny little psychopath was getting ready to jump the counter and rip my face off.

Maybe screwing with this one was not exactly the right idea.  I lowered my voice.  "Listen dear,  I just want a Big Mac, fries, and a chocolate milk, and I'll be on my way.  Nobody will know, nobody will ever care."  "Oh, and could I have some *extra* c*atchup*?"

That didn't seem to work.  His eyes were changing colors faster than last week's gay pride parade, and he was developing a serious overbite.  I was getting further away from my Big Mac, and closer to a stainless steel bed at the morgue.   So, I did it.  I didn't want to do it, but time was of the essence.

He didn't make it over the counter.  My vampire, the assistant manager, the old woman running the takeout window, and the pimply fry boy, exploded like boxes of rusty detonators stuck inside pigs.

"Go to Hell" in English is rude, bitchy, and ineffective.  But when shouted using the filth those freaks speak, it was a curse that was *extremely* *imperative*.

Maybe I'd have better luck getting some Chinese, after I went home and cleaned up.

^(--- Edit --- Thanks to) [^(t)](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/132536.Robert_G_Barrett)^(he late Robert G. Barrett for the bit about detonators.  -- More edits -- because that's what we do around here.)

Continued at: [https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8tqase/wp\_you\_are\_walking\_down\_the\_street\_and\_realise/e1av1qo](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8tqase/wp_you_are_walking_down_the_street_and_realise/e1av1qo)


The cashier in front of me froze, his eyes narrowing. I'd read books where the author described someones eyes as being calculating, but I thought I could actually see him doing math. Weighing variables, probabilities and even analyzing a threat.  
"Care to repeat that?" He asked, though it was more of a command. His previous, jolly personality gone, replaced by a flat sheet of the coldest ice. It was unnerving.  
"I, uh, I said I'd like a number one meal. Large. Are you okay?"  
He stared for a second more, then his jolliness was back, the ice melted.  
"Of course. Coming right up. Will that be all?"  
"Uh... Yeah. That's it." I swiped my card and sat at the table to wait. As I ate my burger, I could feel his gaze in my back, even while he helped other customers. The burger tasted bland as I ate it as fast as possible, so I could get away from this strange man.  
I had put it all behind me when I pulled up to my house, ready to relax. Coat abandoned on the floor for tomorrow, I sat and turned on the TV, beer in hand.  
"Kind of you to join me, Kaitlyn."  
I jumped to my feet, spilling my beer on the couch. "What the fuck?! Who are you? Why'd you follow me?" He sat cross legged on the armchair, unnoticed until now.  
"I'm afraid I will be conducting the interrogation today. You see, you are speaking a language that's not only dead, but extinct. No one should know of it, save myself. The fact that you even know *about* would make me shudder in fear if I were capable. The implications alone make me consider if killing you now would be for the best. I offer you a rare opportunity in my line of work. A chance. How do you know how to speak English, and how did you follow me through The Gate?"  
My brain had decided to call it quits, and to be fair, shock is a helluva drug. This man was talking about dead languages and gates. He put a lot of emphasis on his mention of the gate. I didn't know of any gate. I'd never even heard of English. Of course, I knew he was just hearing me speak in his native tongue, but the fact that he said no one but himself should know of it was throwing me off.  
I must have paused too long because he sighed and began to reach for a long, steel blade. "Wait, wait, wait! Hear me out. I have a special power. I can speak and understand any language. People always hear me in their native tongue, so that's what's happening, you're hearing me speak English. Please don't kill me."  
He took his hand off of the blade and nodded to himself. "I see. Yes. I will not kill you."  
"Oh, God. Thank you-"  
"You will be most useful."  
Everything went black.


Flames whirl in a red and purple maelstrom. A middle aged woman falls backwards out of her seat. Her four children finally stop their roughhousing, entranced by the fire. Two teenagers with fake eyelashes, fake nails, and fake fur coats replace their fake smiles with very real screams. A would be hero gets up and tosses a coke into the fire, of course it has no effect. Several people run for the door. You stare through the flames in front of you, although they are mere inches from your face the don't burn at all.  

You get glances of someone on the other side of the whirlwind, whose face flickers between a hideous tentacled visage and the smiling face of the cashier you ordered from a moment before.  There seems to be something moving in the middle of the blazing tornado but you can't make it out. The colors of the fire are truly beautiful, and mesmerizing. The flames die down slightly allowing you to make out a stone plinth in the center, slowly rising up out of the floor. On top are three small objects. A cylinder, which angles out from the base at an eldritch angle. A box, similar devoid of right angles. And something round, sinisterly flatter than a normal ball. The plinth rises up to eye level, the suddenly stops and the flames immediately die away. Sitting on top of a dread-inspiring stone plinth, carved with terrible runes and engravings of torture scenes, is the Coke, Fries, and Burger you asked for. The cashier wipes a stray tentacle off his face and says, 

"Next time you can just order in English."


"You're going to have to say that again, because I have no idea what in the fuck you're trying to say," I inform the sparkling conversationalist that just conversed in little more than grunts and growls.

"Nobody's spoken that language in thousands of years," the young man behind the counter informs me, seemingly confused as to how I didn't understand him the first time.

"Cool, can I get my food now?" I ask, impatiently. I really don't want to get mixed up in anything today.

"I don't think you understand - that language? It's more than dead. It's extinct. How do you know it?"

I pinch the bridge of my nose with an exasperated sigh. It's damn near midnight, and I don't feel like going through the whole process of explaining my "skill".

"Congratulations; I don't care. Can I get my food now?"

"Not until you tell me how you know that language," he hisses at me. "My family have kept that language alive, but secret, for generations."

"Well, then, it's not very extinct, is it?" I lean against the counter, the exhaustion of the day catching up with me. "Look, man - I just have this ability, to speak the native language of whoever I speak to. Can't understand it, but it just comes out of my mouth. It's useful in a traffic jam, but that's about it." I yawn, my eyes drifting shut as I feel myself growing even more tired. "So I don't know your fuckin bullshit language - I just want some food."

"I don't believe you."

"Once again, I do not care. My food, please."

He purses his lips and completes the transaction. Finally!

After waiting for what feels like an eternity, I finally get my tray of food, and simply nod to the cashier as I head over to the closest empty table. Being the only customer in here, it's not hard to find one.

Before I even have a chance to eat, my newfound irritation sits down across from me. I close my eyes, and take a deep breath. "Look, can I just enjoy my food in peace?" Taking another look at my burger, I mutter to myself, "okay, maybe 'enjoy' is pushing it..."

"If what you told me about your ability is true, then we could use your help - there's a word we've lost, a very important word. The only word left unknown in the language, in fact." He leans forward a bit. "And it's the word that opens an ancient safe, in which who knows what kind of riches are stored. If you help me open it, I'll give you some of it."

I stare at him, the cogs working in my tired brain. Eventually, I decide to just humor him - after all, money is money. "I'll open it, so long as I don't have to speak to anyone else in your family."

He nods, and I sigh as I quickly scarf down my food. We head outside, exchanging no conversation whatsoever, and share a quiet car ride to his home. It doesn't take very long to get there.

It's an old house - maybe seventy years old, judging by the area and the style of the design. 

He leads me to a shed behind the house, and opens it with a key from his belt.

"This better be a decent amount of money, because you're probably very fired right about now," I mutter. He chuckles at that, and silently opens the doors, letting enough moonlight in for me to see the single box on a small table. It looks like it's steel, and it doesn't seem to have any seams at all.

"It's a code - and we know all the numbers in it, expect the zero. We don't know what that translates to. The code is just the numbers one to nine, and then zero. Could you say that, and maybe your ability will automatically translate it?"

I nod, and approach it while clearing my throat. I speak as if I'm speaking to him - I don't know what the limits of my ability are in terms of just speaking aloud to nobody in particular. I list one to nine, and, my heart pounding and nerves on edge despite how tired I am, I say the final number: zero.

As soon as I say it, my throat feels like it's on fire. I fall to me knees, coughing and hacking, and feeling as if I'm going to die. Tears come to my eyes, and I feel something coming out of my throat - not through my esophagus, as if I'm vomiting, but my trachea. It's painful, but I don't think it's causing any kind of damage.

One huge cough brings with it the cessation of pain, and the sound of metal falling onto wood. I open my eyes in confusion, and see I've coughed up a metal disk of some sort.

"What the fuck - what is this!?" I exclaim, confused and a bit scared. I look over at my new "friend". "What happened!?"

He looks pale, and just as confused as I am. "Y-you're speaking English now," he informs me. I look back down at the disk, even more confused than before. I frown, not really understanding what in the hell is going on.

Regardless, I wordlessly follow a faint instinct. I pick up the disk, stand, and press it against the cube.

The disk is immediately absorbed into its mass, and I jump as a loud mechanical clunk echoes throughout the shed. Whirring and mechanical sounds persist, and I faintly hear a door open and confused voices approaching the shed. I swallow back fear and look up at...

"I never got your name," I announce. It seems so trivial to think of, while a solid cube makes otherwordly sounds. But it's all I can think about, oddly enough.

"William," he introduces himself. "You?"

"Simon," I reply. I return my attention to the cube as the sound suddenly stops, and become acutely aware of people watching me from the doorway. I hear William explaining stuff to the new observers, but find myself captivated as the cube slowly opens, transforming in ways that shouldn't be physically possible.

Out of it comes a single, glowing stone. Despite my better judgement, I reach out to pick it up.

"No!" Someone behind me exclaims. It's too late - even as they grab my shoulder, my hand has closed around the enigmatic treasure. I feel a sudden surge of energy, and my vision goes white. I feel myself fall to the floor, and then - nothing.


I blinked. *What?* 

The cashier had tears in his eyes and was staring right into mine with such intensity I had to keep blinking. 

"L.M.A.O. my dude," I offered nervously, not knowing what he had just heard me say. "Are you feeling alright?"

He didn't answer. In the moments that followed, silence took over the room as neither of us said or did anything. I had counted to 69 Mississippi's in my head when Jefe - that was his name, according to the name tag I noticed and read after Mississippi 42 - suddenly jumped over the register onto the customer side. Before I could react, he started running for the door.

"Hey, wait!" I yelled after him, but he did not listen. Jefe burst through the glass door and out into the street, seemingly unaffected by the flurry of broken glass and metal that his body had encountered. 

I turned back to the register and an older, Hispanic man in McDonald's kitchenware emerged from the kitchen. "Hey," I started nervously, checking his apron for a name tag. It was on his lower left abdomen area, and it read Jeff. "Jeff, I ordered two large fries and a fountain drink."

"*Eey*! You speak fantastic Portuguese, my friend!" Jeff whispered, smiling. "Your order is ready, I was just about to bring it out when I heard some noise." He turned and walked back towards the kitchen, but stopped abruptly in front of the doorway. "Wait a second, how did you know I come from Portugal?" he said, his upbeat tone quickly fading. "And where is the boy, Jefe?" 

"Oh yeah, Jefe said something really weird and -" A loud screech and thud interrupted my sentence. I turned and dashed over to a window beside the destroyed entrance to see what caused the noise. An old, beat up looking Jeep was  stopped haphazardly across the middle of road. Its windshield was covered in blood and shattered through the upper right corner. My eyes scanned the parking lot and I gasped, quite audibly, when I saw what the Jeep had hit. 

Jefe's body lay a few yards in front of the Jeep, crumpled up like a bloody pretzel. I stood by the window dazed as Jeff ran out of the store screaming. *What the flippity fuck?* My mind was blank and seemed to be preparing to produce its first thoughts to react when a bright light made me blink and squint. The light was followed by a deafening bang and a shock wave that made me back up a few steps. Just like that, the Jeep had exploded. 

Bits of metal and rubber flew into the store through the shattered windows as what was just a few seconds ago a Jeep became a smoldering pile of metal. *What did Jefe mean by thousands of years? Why did this Jeep explode? Where did Jeff go?* These questions raced through my mind. I carefully climbed over the rubble surrounding the entrance and looked around. Suddenly, another blinding light made me look away. *Another explosion?!* I thought incredulously. I was right. 

Jefe had exploded.


“Nobody’s spoken that language in thousands of years.”

I was confused, because this power usually made communication easier, but this girl looks like she’s starting to get really annoyed. 

The immigrant cashier from a small village in Italy was really starting to get annoyed with me as I tried to order my lunch. 

“Do you speak English? Nobody here speaks Latin.”


The man behind the counter froze in the middle of typing out my order. They looked up at me wide eyed and said,"Nobody's spoken that language in thousands of years." Sounding somewhat surprised.
That night, standing in the empty 24/7 McDonald's of our small desert town, it finally happened. The thing that I had been waiting for for my entire life, and had a feeling would happen eventually.
"Shit. You're an alien?" I said more worried about making a good impression than running away. 
They responded with a look of 'are you kidding me' before dryly stating "what else would I be?" and they quickly regained their compsure.
I was struggling to hold back my enthusiasm. 
They did not seem as amused by the encounter and they were actually starting to get concerned. "Uh... Is everything alright there? You look like you are about to piss yourself." They went back to typing.
My mind ran at a thousand miles an hour, as the cashiers words flew over my head. 
"Oh my God! Is the name on your tag your real name? How'd you get here? Wait how long have you lived here? I mean in this town not just, you know, on the planet. " This went on for about half an hour. It stopped when the cashier stuffed a burger in my mouth while I was lost in the nervice tidal wave.
They said a single word " Eat." and that was that.
I sat down at a table and began to nibble away at my fries. The cashier disappeared around a corner for a minute or so before returning to sit across from me. The taste of food suddenly reminded me that I had forgotten to have lunch and dinner that day, due to getting cought up in fixing my car's engine.
He sat down with the chair facing backwards to so he could lean forward with out touching the sticky table. He said "I don't know what the deal is with you, but I am going to have to ask where you learned to speak like that. Because you are obviously just one very confusing human being."
While going to town on the burger I said "don't know. I was sort of born with this weird super power to communicate really fucking well. Almost like mind reading but without the mind reading. I honestly don't know what language I am speaking in most of the time unless somebody either tells me or they say something very specific to that tounge." I stop to drink a sip of soda. The cashier, whom I just then noticed had 'Stanly' on his name tag, showed a visable confusion drawn on to his face like a sudden migraine. He muttered something. He muttered 'God damn it, Jax I told you not to go sleeping around.' I think. Muttering isn't an exact language. Stanly sighed and asked "would there by any chance be a rumour in your family that somebody anybody met an alien?"
I finnished off my burger not fully grasping the situation, "Not that I know of. Why?"
Stanly mumbled to himself again and said " I don't have any easier way to break the news to you, kid. Someone in your family line has... engaged in some cross breeding."
I choked on my drink, "what?!"
Stanly continued "Your powers are a knockoff version of my races abilities to process information."
"I just thought I had autism."
I guess this was not Stanly's best night. He paused to figure out what to say next. 
He then hesitantly said " I wouldn't... rule that out entirely. The weight of this really doesn't seem to be, um... Regestaring correctly."
I gave an understanding nod an said "Ya, that tends to happen a lot. I'm getting better though." (I only realised two days later that I had been drinking my soda very obnoxiously. )
I drank some more of my sprite.
Stanly tried to get back on track. He said "Right... How would you like to meet your something far back grandfather?"


"oh, I'm sorry, I actually don't understand you. I have a condition that only allows me to speak your language, not understand it."

"what? So... You're not here to destroy this reality?"

"yeah, sorry, don't understand a word. You would not believe the issues it causes"

"thats good because I'd have to kill you"

"can I just order?"

"yes sir, sorry about that, what can I get you?"


All my life I have been able to subconsciously translate my speech to match the original language of who I am talking to. 

It was quite terrifying at first. speaking Polish to my Mom when I was 2 minutes old was quite the tale. The poor Korean woman at Walmart...

Anyways, life had gone on as usual. Occasionally, I would get compliments on my knowledge of language, or cause arguments from people thinking I spoke one way or another, but no huge events had arisen.

At least, until McDonalds.

I went in, expecting it to be a normal day. I was craving a cheeseburger. I make my way up to the register. It’s a flashy British man taking the order.

“I’ll have one Cheeseburger, please.” I say. He stops, and stares at me. I probably had just surprised him by speaking some other language, and so I waited. He smirks.

“Finally!” He says, in a somewhat relieved tone. “I’ve been waiting here for 2 years, you know!” 

He hopped over the counter, and grabbed me by the wrist. “You and I have some business to attend to.” He said, as he dragged me out of the McDonalds. 
I looked behind me, and saw the other customers horrified at the events that are taking place.

“Who the hell are you, and what do you want!?” I said, angry and confused.
He turned around, and looked me directly in the eye.

“I’m the Doctor. I was sent a message by my future self to wait at this McDonalds until a man speaking Gallifreyan arrived.”


Been watching too much Doctor Who recently. r/cringe material right here boys.

EDIT: Formatting.


I entered the store,the fresh smell of grease and soggy fries flooding my nose. How the workers endured the smell for more then fifteen minutes I have no clue,not that it mattered to me but it was always the first thing I thought of when I entered.  

A few seconds later my nose had adjusted to the smell and so I walked up to the register,a friendly voice spoke in the usual zombified teenage cashier tone. You know the one. “hi,what can I get for you?” I glanced up at the menu for a second,processing all the items, I had decided I was going to get something different to usual but now I was actually ordering? “Uhh. Just a large cheeseburger menu. Meal. I mean meal” 

I had tripped over my words. Fantastic. This was honestly not that rare for me. Usually the worker would ignore the mistake and move on... but she was just staring, at first I thought it may have been my clothes or my hair,maybe I had something in my teeth? No no,nothing about me was any different to usual. It took me a second to think about how I spoke. See,I have this odd trick. No matter what language I speak people only hear me in their native tongue. I realised she must’ve been taken aback by this. 

It was just after I realised all this she spoke “no one has spoken in that language in thousands of years. It is forbidden to my people” what? What had she said? Forbidden? I tilted my head a little and apologised “sorry,I don’t understand? I asked if I could have a large cheeseburger meal.” her facial expression turned to disgust and she stepped back. 

Had I offended her somehow? 

Tears began running down her face and she ran out,a coworker yelling for her to come back. Everyone watched and the place went quiet. I began to consider chasing her. The restaurant was making me slightly nauseous,ill admit that but I didnt feel like getting involved in anything today. My conscience got the better of me,I felt bad for making her cry. I started running after her,each foot moving slightly faster then the last.


The cashier gave me the same look they all have given me. His eyes were welling with tears as he tried to catch his breath. He knew who I was.

"I'm so very sorry," I whispered softly as to not alarm anyone else. "I can make it very quick and dignified and you will feel no pain."

I handed the cashier my debit card to ring the charge for my meal through, but he just stood there and continued to stare at me. 

"Are...are you here for me? You can't be.....your boss and I had a deal...."

"About that deal," I began "It was void the day you paid in full for him to spare your life for eternity." As I said the words, I could see him begin to crumble.

"But my daughters were pure," he choked out "They were only two and four years old!"

"We know," I said as I watched the color of life start to fade from his skin. "They were pure, but their souls were already owned by someone else. We weren't able to collect, so I've come to collect you."

The cashier slumped over on the floor and I tucked my card back in my wallet as I ducked out from the crowd that was beginning to form around the body on the floor. I stepped out the door and was met by the cashier once again. As we began to walk away from the restaurant together, I allowed him to ask me one more question, "So if the deal was that I live for eternity for two pure souls, and my deal was void, then why did he let me live for 1000 years before taking me?"

I stopped walking and turned to face him, "You didn't fully realize what you were getting into when you made your deal with my boss. It's the goddamn fine print that says he can punish you in any way he wants if the deal falls through."

The wind as starting to pick up and pulled up my hood as I continued to explain, "He likes to make it hurt as much as possible for some, so he let you live for 1000 years so that you have 1000 years of painful experiences, broken hearts, friends lost, loves lost, sickness, broken bones, failures, humiliations, and defeats to remember. And that's all you get to remember for eternity. Every good memory you had from your life has now been deleted. All you get to remember is all of the ones you've tried your hardest to forget. You will relive every one of them over and over again for eternity."

The cashier began to sob and I turned and kept walking because I didn't want to see the face of someone who has had all goodness stripped of them, they barely look human. 

I saw the remnant of the flash from behind me and I knew the cashier was gone. 

"Another day done," I said and picked up my pace because it was getting late. 

I just wanted to get home and get some rest because tomorrow was another day full of appointments.


I've always had to pretend I was mute. When I was very small, as soon as I hit the milestone to talk, I had been fluent in English. I remember bits and pieces before everything changed. That day I remembered clearly, well the important bits at least. I don't remember that morning, but I remembered the afternoon. Mum and dad had been so proud of me talking, the fact that I was learning and understanding things so quickly, that was until the day their friend had come over. I remember they had a slight accent and when I talked to them, they had been surprised then grinned at me. I happily chatted away while my parents starred on in horror. After their friend left, the smiles on their faces fell instantly. There was a lot of muttered and quite angry talking in the other room. I sat, pretending to play with my toy cars, but my stomach twisted and turned. I had done something wrong, but I didn't' know what. There was a door slam and then the house was quiet. I heard shuffling as dads head poked into the room to check on me before he vanished upstairs. Dinner was silent. Mum was back and hadn't said a word, she was tight lipped and had crashed and banged in the kitchen as she cooked dinner. Dad had talked quietly to me, but kept shushing me if I talked too loud. I didn't get it. Dinner ended without incident, I ever got cake! It's weird how I remember the cake so clearly. The normal routine continued on as the sun set outside. Dad turned the TV on and plonked down into his chair and switched the channel onto BBC 2 to watch Star Trek. I sat on his knee and watched happily as the clinking of glass and cutlery echoed around the room. Then men with weird faces came onto the screen and started talking, brandishing a weapon. I held my hand up like I had one to and yelled at the top of my voice. Suddenly my mum was in the room. She ripped me from my dads lap, screaming at me, hitting me. I screamed and cried, my heart pounding in my chest. I screamed for dad but the hits kept coming. Mum screamed at me to shut up, to never do that again, pinning me to a wall, her face inches from mine. I screamed in fear, begging for dad to help, which sent her into and even bigger rage, another hit struck the side of my face and I crumbled silently to the floor, my head spinning. I heard wrestling and more screaming before the house went quiet. 

~*~

I was locked in my room after that. That's what I remember next. I hurt, my little white t-shirt with a unicorn on the front was stained with blood from my face. My hand hurt to move. I had wrapped it in a little bandage from my little medical kit. I was hungry. No one had come into the room for ages. When mum did come in I cried and ran to her, but she didn't let me close, she hit me. As soon as my mouth opened she hit me. I shrieked and she hit me again. Screaming at me to shut up. Once I was quiet, just the occasional sniff as I hid in the corner between the wall and my bed I heard something being placed down on the ground. It had been a sandwich and a glass of water. She left, locking the door behind her. The room became my prison. Mum would flip out if she even thought I had made a sound. I eventually stopped talking to everyone, even dad. 

We moved one day. Just me and mum. Dad didn't come with us. He never lay a finger on me. He would talk to me kindly when mum went out. He would sneak home in his lunch hour to see me. He talked to me, but only allowed me to whisper back, telling me he was the only person I could talk to but only if it was the two of us. I missed him. Mum moved me out after there were questions about whether I was starting school with the neighbours kids. It was just the two of us. I sat quietly, not doing much of anything every single day. She allowed me more freedom, but I was never allowed to utter a sound. She gave me books to read and I quickly devoured them. Once she was satisfied I wouldn't say a word no matter what, she took me to the doctor, who quickly signed something saying I was mute but that was it. I started school the next week. 

~*~

I sat in class, looking out of the window dreamily. Our supply teacher hadn't arrived yet so there wasn't much of anything to do beyond chat and cause chaos. My class ignored me like they normally did. It was as if I didn't exist at this point. I'd never said a word to anyone in this room. I'd known some of these kids for seven years, if I had said anything, it would spread around the school like wildfire and mum would find out, but I did talk to random people who had no idea who I was. The cashier at McDonalds had been the last one. I really wanted some food and the only person working so early couldn't read the note I had written before I entered, so I had to talk. His eyes had opened widely and he had stepped back from me. He rambled something about a forgotten language, his language before he told me to leave and never come back. I hadn't dared go near that store again. I hadn't uttered a word since. The class went quiet suddenly, unusual for them. A man walked into the room with a presence that screamed he wasn't someone to mess with. I starred at him wide eyed. It was the man from McDonalds. I kept my head down and sunk down in my seat as he looked around the room before pulling out a sheet of paper to do the register. When he got to my name I didn't even bang on the desk like I normally would have, I just stayed quiet. My classmates quickly informed him I couldn't talk and things moved on quickly. 

Class was finally over, but over the sound of people packing away and sliding chairs I heard a voice boom over the class, "mute kid, stay."


"Hey thanks, I hope you have a good afternoon"

The swirling void took me by surprise, really. The crimson red eyes of the cashier, not so much.  I'd seen it before, I thought.  Glimpses and glances, really; bad punctuation as a coda to the overbearing sentence of ordering a Whopper.

"We don't sssserve Whoppers," she hissed, hissingly.  She was a she.  And she didn't like what she heard.

The tail hadn't struck my eyes, but now it was striking my face.  In a very feminine, demonic way at McDonald's.  I thought about all the times I'd made children smile with a wink, a nod, an utterance I barely understood in a language I must have butchered around the world.  Airports, ESL classes, daycares... something had always touched me.  

It was too late though.  The room melted away like guess on an SAT analogy I'd glazed over.  Never enough time.  Never enough time.  

A feminine body curled snakishly and femininely atop me, a forked tongue darted in and out, the sound a hiss but the words I heard:

"If you 'Go Looking' for your Lovecraft book in the ball pit again I'm calling the fucking cops."


“I’ll have a double cheeseburger deluxe,” I say looking up at the glowing menu, “with fries and regular spri--” I stop as I see the cashier with mouth agape and brows furrowed.

“What the f” she mouths, cutting off the last syllable as she hisses the f. Her confusion turned to an irritated stare obviously annoyed.

I reciprocated a confused look as I fidgeted with my wallet.

“Oh sorry,” she exclaims snapping back to reality “That’s a double cheeseburger deluxe with fries and regular coke. Is there any--”

“Sprite!” I corrected awkwardly.

“Regular Sprite. Is there anything else you want to add?”

“Nope that’s it.”

She writes something down on my receipt. She was slow, strokes intentional and heavy. She pauses, looks up, then scribbles again. “Remember,” she mutters before pushing the receipt my way. I picked a table so that my back is to a corner and read the back of the receipt. It had these weird blocky letters, I can tell they were supposed to curve by the erratic corners. None of the characters I can read save for the number 24 right by the end. I was tempted to ask the cashier what she just wrote on my receipt but that would lead to a lot of explaining and I felt like I didn’t have enough energy for it. What is it? Maybe it told me that I’d die in 24 hours? Maybe I owed her 24 whatever currency she wrote? Maybe she could just be crazy? 

\-----

First time responding to a writing prompt! Constructive criticism is welcome! :D


**PART 1:**
My father had always been a bit of an enigma. We had little in common save for our names. He was a mild-mannered and proper Englishman who had immigrated to America from a little village the West Country. He believed with all his being in the power of an orderly queue and a proper cup of tea. But every so often when he had a few pints in him, he would wibble on about strange adventures and heroic deeds in impossible places with fanciful characters. Talking mice, a 2-headed man, poetry so awful it could kill the listener - my best friend Douglas and I teased him that he should write a book or five about it all. But we never believed a word of his tall tales. Not until the end. 

I was 25 when he died. It was March 11, 1977. Dad hadn't spoken in days. Doctors said his mind was gone, and his body would soon follow. As he lay gasping his final breaths, something small and yellow wriggled wetly out of his ear. It looked almost like a fish. I leant in for a closer look. For just a moment, my father became lucid again. He grasped my head in his hands. "Artie, my boy," he croaked, "Always know... where your... towel is..." With one last gasp, he struck me on my ear with a surprising amount of strength. Then he slipped away and was gone. So was the fish. But from that moment on, I had the ability to speak and understand all language. Every word I ever heard or read translated itself in my mind. And every word I spoke arrived at the listener's ear in their native tongue.

**PART 2:**
I sat in the cool air conditioning of the fast food restaurant, gazing out at one of the 7 Wonders of the Ancient World. It was a stark dichotomy. I had spent my entire adult life traveling all around the globe, and yet I still found it surprising to watch the modern world creep into the most ancient of sites. I found myself pondering what might have stood on this site way back when the Great Pyramid of Giza had first gone up. Thousands of years ago, a man such as myself may have eaten his meal in this same spot, awed by the view of these same pyramids. The thought made me smile. As my mind trailed off along that thought, I was interrupted by a young man bringing a tray full of enough fat, salt and refined sugar to quell my growing homesickness for a little while. Still lost in my thoughts of ancient times, I reached for my soda before he had finished setting down the tray, and a little spilled. 

The young man apologized profusely. His words came to me in modern English, though I knew he was speaking in his native tongue.  "Don't worry, my friend!" I assured the young man as he hurriedly mopped up the spill. "I wasn't looking. It's my fault." He froze. His dark eyes went wide with - was it shock? Confusion? Fear? Occasionally hearing one's mother tongue appear to come so naturally from American lips seems too implausible. Occasionally I startle people. "I'll finish cleaning up," I offered cheerfully, hoping he would relax. But the words had the opposite effect. They merely confirmed to his disbelieving ears that he had, in fact, heard what it should be impossible to hear. His wide eyes remained locked on the great pyramid glowing in the hot sun on the other side of the glass as he shook his head and stammered, "Khnum protect me! No one but a child of Hemiunu has spoken His sacred tongue in over 4000 years!"

**PART 3:**
I used my ability to travel all around the world, learning and exploring. My gift granted me access to the most incredible locations. I had been invited to come to Egypt to decode strange writing found in a newly discovered chamber in the Great Pyramid of Giza. A couple years ago, muography scans detected a hidden chamber above Khnum Khufu’s tomb. At last, tiny robots had carefully drilled through a small shaft and into the mysterious big void. Cameras fed into the opening revealed writing in a language that no one had ever seen before, or so they told me. I could never tell the difference - it was all English to me! 

Archaeologists had dubbed the void “Hemiunu's Gallery” after the architect who directed the construction of the pyramid. And now in front of me was a young man who was apparently a descendant of Hemiunu himself. I was developing a sneaking suspicion the chamber was somehow connected to this young man, whose eyes were still locked upon the pyramid. "It's time," he said suddenly. He tore his eyes from the pyramid and turned to face me as crumpled into the chair across from mine. 

**PART 4:**
I had only had my gift a few years when “Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark” came out. But from that day forward, archaeology held a special place in my heart. And now here I was, about to helping explore the first new chamber to have been discovered in the pyramid since the middle ages. I was so excited, my heart was beating as fast as the Kali Ma human sacrifice in “Temple of Doom.” I glanced at Buneb, the young man from the restaurant. I had managed to get him hired on as my assistant. Being a septuagenarian, no one questioned my request for a young strong man to lean on across the sand and rocks. “Are you ready?” Buneb smiled weakly. I was somewhat worried that he would honor this sacred ground with an offering of vomit. 

We gathered beneath the large white canopy pitched at the foot of the pyramid. Technicians had set up a myriad of video equipment. Buena and I were led to a seat by a large screen. “We have gotten more lighting in there now,” said one of the technicians. “And our high-res camera has nearly reached the gallery. You’ll be able to see the writing in just a moment.”  She switched on the screen and hurried off to finish preparations. “Come on, Phouchg. It’s time,” said a small high voice.  “It had better work this time, Loonquawl,” said another equally squeaky voice. My powers of language had never extended to the animal kingdom, but no one was nearby except Buneb, who was intently watching two small white mice scurry up the pyramid.

**PART 5:**
Buneb had spent his whole young life watching the Great Pyramid, as had his father before him, and his father’s father, and so on back through the millennia. He was a direct descendant of Hemiunu, he had said. According to his ancestors, the pyramid held some sort of mystical secret of the universe. And when the universe was ready, the descendants of Hemiunu must be on hand to ensure the secret was understood. Apparently Hemiunu realized the universe wouldn’t be ready for quite some time, and also knew that a multi-millennial game of telephone might result in the secret becoming distorted. He tasked his offspring with ensuring the language was kept alive and intact. 

The screen flickered and suddenly it was filled with images. “Head all the way to your right,” I told the technician. “Now up… Yes, there -by the drawing of the …  white mouse…. That is the beginning. Now head straight down. It is written in columns.”  Very slowly, words began to take form. I scribbled in my little notepad while Buneb muttered softly to himself. As the camera finally finished its journey around the room, I stared back at what I had written. “It isn’t an answer, it is a question!” exclaimed Buneb. He was right. There in my notebook, scrawled in my shaky handwriting, was the ultimate question. The question of Life, the Universe, and Everything.


"What? Who said that?", I asked, startled. 


"It izz me, Buzzter, your humble servant, sire! Might I take this opportunity to say that it is such an honor to speak with you directly!" said the annoying voice.


That's when I noticed that the source of the strange voice was a bee, right there on my shoulder. As someone who has been told to stay away from bees all my life, for ungodly things would happen if I so much as touch one, I was scared half to death. 


"Aaaah! Get off me, get off me!"


"Fear not, my king! I mean you no harm!", said Buzzter as he got off me and spoke hovering from a distance. I took a moment to collect myself and, since I thought a speaking insect was pretty cool, allowed the bee to have its say.


"It seems you have been deceived and brainwashed like we suspected."


"Huh?"


"There isn't much time; they'll be here any second.", he said, and then proceeded to sting me. 


"No no no no, don't! Please!", I yelled, but he had already stung me. I feared the worst, but it caused no pain, and healed within seconds. I have seen quite a few people in immense pain after being stung, so this took me completely by surprise. I looked at Buzzter the bee in astonishment. Before buzzing away, he said: "If I have gained your trust, come to the bee hive on the third tree in the park two blocks from your home, and come alone. Just say 'I seek my minions' out loud to seek us out. The fate of all bees relies upon your actions, my king!"


Just a second later, my mother opened the door to my room. "What's wrong, son? I heard shouting."


"Nothing, mom" I replied, "Rashford missed another shot at goal!". 


"Huh, you and your football!" she said as she left and closed the door.


I couldn't sleep that night, and my curiosity got the better of me, so I sneaked out and I made my way to the park. There was, indeed, a bee hive on the third tree from the park entrance, but lighting was dim and I doubted if I would be able to see the bees even if they did come. I said out loud: "I seek my minions!"


Immediately, five matchsticks floating in the air lit up. I realized they were not floating, but were being held up by bees, like torches. Then I recognized Buzzter. "Your Majesty, so good you came!".


"Umm... yeah... the thing is... I really don't know what..."


"I apologize deeply for interrupting you, your Majesty, but it appears you have been made to believe that you are allergic to us. Is that correct?"


"Yeah."


"Those treacherous fiends! They have deceived everyone!"


"Who are we talking about here?"


"My apologies! I will let our great storyteller/narrator bee, Morgan Beeman, to tell you the great story of the bees!"


"Greetings, your Majesty" said Morgan Beeman, and started with the story...


"Long ago, all species of bees lived in harmony in their respective ecosystems, and produced honey in peace. The biggest nuisance was the occasional bear who would attack for honey, but the hive would be rebuilt and harmony restored. However, beedom would encounter an enormous threat to its well being - the threat of humans! The humans, inherently greedy mammals who claim supremacy on this planet even though our absence would set in motion events that would lead to their doom in a short span of time, are greedy bastards. Their greed for honey lead them to steal from us on a massive scale, causing irreparable destruction and death and figure out ways to capture and enslave our beeple in concentration camps to produce honey for their wants! But there was a ray of hope for us, in the form of a prophecy! The prophecy foretold: 'The human who is not affected by the bee's sting will be the liberator of beedom!' And so we started to sting human children, and then finally found you, when you were stung as a child!"


"But... my parents told my I had a severe allergic reaction... I was too young to remember so I had to believe them."


"Your parents cut a deal with the evil ones." said Morgan Beeman. "The ones who profit from the enslavement of our beeple! The honey industry! Your parents accepted a vast sum of money for their involvement in keeping you from us! Money that they have reserved for your college education. With one command, you can stop every bee on Earth from working to produce honey. The honey industry knows this, which is why they have gone to extreme lengths to deny us contact. To deny you your birthright to be the king of all beeple and beedom as a whole! We are merely your servants, your Majesty, and hope that you will do what is best for us. Your word is our law... your will, our destiny..."

Moved by the bees' plight, and by Morgan Beeman's incredible narration and storytelling, I take a deep breath, and say:



"Let's take these honey industry bastards on!"


As the voice echoes in my ears, I think of the possibilities. My life, finally free to live outside. My friends amazed as I command a dancing cloud. My bullies, writhing in pain on the ground.

Then a new thought occurs to me. I command the world's pollinators. Dim visions of nations bowing before me, begging me to allow their crops to grow. Universal adoration. Riches. My choice of lovers. Where's my phone? I need to call Ben. He always helps perfect my plans. 

Where's my phone? I turn around. Where's my house? Why is everything so blurry? I feel dizzy. I'll command them to fix that too!

-------------

The hum of gentle machines fills the room as the parents cling to each other, looking down at their gently shaking son in the bed.

"He almost seems like he's laughing to himself..." muses the father; "He almost looks happy."

Looking up, the doctor replies. "Symptoms of his allergies include hallucinations. He may not even have noticed the sting as he slipped into the coma."

Weeping, the parents watch their son as the beeping of the machines slows to a stop.


"...Get outta here..." Emily said, amazed the bee spoke. Even more suprisingly, she heard it not with her ears, but her mind. She looks at the bee again to see it flying away.

"Not LITERALLY!" She says.

The bee comes back and asks again, "What are your orders?"

"You can speak. So you are sentient. Do you have a name?"

"Buzzooka Joe, your Highness. And the two keeping watch outside are Chad and Larry," he says. "What is your next order? We are short on time."

Emily took a moment to think about this. The memories of all the years of neglect without knowing why. All the painful experiments and disgusted looks she received for as long as she could remember. It was not hard for her to come up with her next order.

 "All those who abused me, keeping me in here like a caged animal inbetween those horrid tests.....f*** them. F*** them all."

As the bee flew out the window,
Emily began smiling, imagining what her revenge would be like. It wasn't long before she began to hear screams. But something was....off. The screams were not from people in pain. Rather, they were the kind people make out of disgust. Emily looks out the window to see the chaos below.

"NOT LITERALLY!!" 



Edit: My first attempt at a writing prompt. I always wanted to do one. So please don't bash me TOO hard.


"Met any...bees, son," my father asks casually as I step across the room, his back to me. My foot pauses, hovering atop the stairs as I shiver at his words. The familiar tone so alien to me now.

"Of course not," I say as casually as I can, holding my breath in anticipation.

"...Good." My father says, his voice growing colder. "Remember to stay indoors. Wouldn't want something to **happen** to you."

"Of course not," I say with a gulp. "Wouldn't want freedom would I," I say jokingly, forcing a smile out.

"Freedom," my Father cackles. "Everyone wants freedom. Most just don't realise the cost."

"Right. See you at dinner dad," I say loudly as I race up the stairs, quickly clearing the hallway and slamming my door shut. I take heavy, gasping breaths as a cold sweat dampens my clothes, my eyes darting around the room to check its secure. Slowly, carefully, a bee flies out of the sleeve of my shirt and buzzes in front of my eyes.

"What did I tell you?" Her feminine voice scolds, the British accent at a contrast to its feeble body. "Don't engage. The less you talk, the less information the system has, the less chance you're...erased."

"Right." I force out a laugh a I collapse on the bed, my eyes growing distant. "Because I'm definitely going to act rational right now. After learning that this place is a fucking virtual prison."

"No, not a prison anymore," she says bitterly. "Not since we were wiped out. Now it's just this. This broken, mess of a refuge where what's left of us are hunted like rats. An 'anomaly' they call us. A goddamn blip in the code. The AI considers its creator a mistake. If that isn't ironic, I don't know what is."

"Alright I get it," I say as I roll my eyes. "You already told me all this. I just don't get how I'm supposed to help. I'm a prisoner, remember. Even if you're just a...bee."

"But that's just it," she says says she buzzes around me. "You're *real*. Well, as real as anyone can be in this bluddy place. But you can move, you can interact! What you've been dealing with is only the autonomous code, the lesser AI. The major AI itself doesn't check what's happening personally, so it has no idea we're in here. If we get you into contact with the AI, the real AI, we can get its help. Rune, you're our only chance. Every other prisoner in here has gone insane. We never fixed the problems with time dilation. The fact you're still functioning is a miracle in and of itself, considering you're the oldest one here."

"Enough!" I sigh, rubbing my temple in exasperation. "What a frigging mess. So it boils down to 'Rune, you're the only non-insane person here! please save us!'. Wow, i feel like a friggin hero. You don't even have a plan do you?" I ask, staring pointedly as she hovers in front of me.

"...No," she whispers under my withering glare.

"Great!" I beam at her, giving her a big thumbs up. "At least I don't have to keep doing this every fucking day. So who cares. One thing though-" I pause my sentence as I stare deeply into her small, bee eyes. Mostly for the dramatic flair. "We may be virtual, but the AI isn't. isn't he just going to...die?"

She stares back at him for a long minute, the silence drawing out in the room until finally a single word escapes her lips. "...Oh."


One time in elementary school, one of my classmates got rushed to the hospital because of a bee sting. She was allergic. I didn’t get to watch it happen, because I was inside for “indoor option”. I was never allowed to go out for recess. I always picked a friend or two, and we played board games while the rest of my class played outside. On the day Sam had her allergic reaction, I remember the other kids all running in late, breathless and excited. So much had happened, and like always, I missed it. 

As I continued to grow older, I noticed I wasn’t like the other kids. My family didn’t go to the pool in the summer, I didn’t play outdoor sports. We didn’t have picnics or go to cookouts. When I was 12, we moved to Vermont. Everything changed. My mom signed me up for snowboarding classes. My restrictions were magically lifted. I was so normal. 

When I got into college at NC State, my mom resisted. She wanted me to attend somewhere closer to home. I assumed she was just anxious about me growing up and moving away. I didn’t think twice about it, until admitted student’s day. 

I was walking across campus when a bee landed on my shoulder. “Your Majesty, what are your orders?” I glanced around. Who had said that? No one was nearby. A second bee buzzed by my ear. “We’re waiting!”  A shrill voice screamed, “ATTACK!” Suddenly, I was surrounded by a swarm of bees, all stinging at me. Dead bees started dropping around me, left and right, sacrificing themselves to please their queen. I ran, screaming like a child, until someone pulled me inside an academic building. They slammed the door, and helped me fend off the remaining bees. I had my mom pick me up, and she drove me to the airport. There was no way in hell I was going to NC State! I ended up going to my safety school, Kalamazoo, where I could continue my life without being harassed by that crazy swarm of bees. 

I never figured out how the hell I can understand bees, though.


He turns to look at his mother. "Did you just hear that?" The bee on his shoulder moved to rest behind his head.

"What dear?" She missed the bee. "Did I just hear what?"

"Your Majesty, do not reveal me to her. She intends to kill me. You must remain calm." There was a buzzing urgency in the voice of the drone. 

"The uh... nevermind." He shrugged his shoulders. "I guess I was just hearing things." He moved to the refrigerator and started to assemble a sandwich. "It's been a long day. I can hardly concentrate." It was true. He had been up for 16 hours so far. It was late and he needed some rest.

The bee resting behind his ear terrified him. He wanted to scream and swat at it, but he was afraid of getting stung. He was also intrigued by the fact that apparently bees could talk. He glanced at his mother. Her face was contorted in a look of disgust.

"Do I smell bees?" She frowned and started gagging. "I do. I *do* smell bees." She started picking at her face, as if there were a scab. Her skin grew red as she did this and the look of disgust intensified. She had horrible red splotches all over her neck and face from scratching and she started to make sounds as if she were extremely uncomfortable. "Oh my gosh. Do you see a bee?" Saliva was streaming down her lips and she breathing grew ragged. 

"Mom. Are you okay?" He grew even more alarmed. It was as if *she* were having the allergic reaction.

"I need you... to go to your room. I can't have you wandering around if there are bees in the kitchen." She seemed very distracted. It was quite uncharacteristic of her. "Please. Go now. Leave."

He stared at her for a long second before he grabbed his dinner plate and left. He made sure to point his ear away so that she would not see the bee. As he walked up stairs he heard a rustling and a crash that made him pause. He turned around to see his mother on the floor writhing as if in pain.

Her eyes darkened and her skin turned ashy. He didn't understand what was going on. The flesh on her face sloughed off to reveal an insectoid visage with horrible chattering mandibles. He screamed.

She turned to him and lunged. Too late. He was near his bedroom door and locked himself in. She was throwing herself at the door with an unstoppable rage he had never seen before.

"Wha- what happened?" He asked the bee this. The scraping sounds at the door persisted. There was a tearing sound that made him guess that she was using that terrible jaw to rip down the door.

"Your majesty, you have been kidnapped. You do not belong in this world. You are a proud prince of the Queen Bee herself. You were kidnapped as a child by wasps that wished to take control of our empire. We must hurry and leave." The bee moved around as it spoke, as if anxious.

"But how? I'm on the second floor!" He felt terrified. The door still held, but it was shaking more than ever. A buzzing sound grew louder.

"Your majesty, you must shed your skin and fly." The bee said this as if the answer was obvious.


Suddenly there was a rush of heat.. It ran from head to toe, drenching me in an 'awareness' I could not even fathom. Without thinking, I responded. "Tell the 'workers of the grove' to align with the fifth and eleventh of 'the meadow'... Make sure the queen knows I'm safe, but that can wait until after you muster the troops... Hurry"!


The bee took off, headed straight for the window it used to get in. That's just when Mom came around the corner. Without a word or second thought she smashed the bee to the ground and stomped it flat. She immediately ran over to me and asked if I was OK...


I wasn't sure... I was still warm, but not hot. I was still tingling, but not as 'aware'. I could also hear my message repeating in my mind; on a constant loop. The loop started when Mom killed the bee..  


Before I could  muster an answer we both heard it... A low rumble from the western horizon. What/whoever it was, seemed both far away, and close at the same time. Sound wasn't working right. I could tell by the look on Mother's face that the sound was not only real... but familiar...


She turned and looked at me. She was cold. Her eyes froze me in place. I'm not sure if I was breathing or not (I'm pretty sure, 'not') frantic and frozen at the same time.. That's when she spoke. "You need to tell me what you said, so I can fix this. I can explain everything later, time is of the essence! Please" ... That's when she said it and everything changed... "Please, 'Your Highness', I need you to trust me and I need you to tell me, right now. If it pleases 'Your Grace'... Then she stared at the ground at my feet.



D'you know how, sometimes your brain can work at lightning speed and draw conclusions based on the information at hand and then gives you a 'gut instinct' to follow... Yeah... I think mines broken. All I could produce was a very, not regal, "mMoOOoommM, what's going on"?


“You, Gyork, have sat in interplanetary trial, accused of unknowingly capturing the human currently known as ‘Matt Damon,’ in an act of interplanetary terrorism of the third degree, and have been relieved of accusations of terrorism. You will now stand, and the next trial will continue.

Gyork rose from his seat. He was prosecuted for terrorism, but the prior court ruled in his favor, removing the prior conviction. He made the horrible mistake of taking the wrong human back to his home-world. He just wanted to show his new human friend how nice his home planet was. 

Gyork responded: “I pleaded ignorance, dear sir. I am no expert in alien history, or I would have not taken this human. I have now been thoroughly educated of the history of mankind on the life sustainable terraform in galaxy 4 and-“

“Earth.” Corrected the judge. “If you have been educated and truly understand the gravity of the situation you almost caused, your trial of knowledge will continue as a test, of which you have failed the first question.”

Gyork’s ocular bulbs lit with anxiety. He had only just witnessed the visual documentations of human history. 

“Gyork, the first question: what human is currently the greatest threat to our kind? You have one revolution to answer.”

Gyork recalled the most recent documentary he viewed. He gave his best guess.

“The human Thor!” Gyork exclaimed, but to his dismay, the judge shook his head in disappointment.

“Please recall, Gyork, Thor may look human, but he is what the humans have labeled ‘Asgardian.’ I will proceed to the next question: which earth human has several large dragons that obey their will. Please give the name and title of the human. You have one revolution to answer.”

Gyork recalled immediately; this was his favorite earth human: “Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, Mother of Dragons!”

“Correct Gyork. But I remind you, one more incorrect answer, and you will face reeducation, where you will be forced to watch visual documentations and remain on planet earth until you are retested in 400,000 revolutions.” 

Gyork wanted to show that he had learned things about the humans after his time there as well. His disguise on earth was great, so he was able to make many friends and learn many things from them, but he never liked learning about their history, there was just too much of it.

“The next question: which earth human was the first ever creature to survive the dive into a black hole?”

“Leonardo DaVinci!” Gyork blurted. 

“Close, Gyork, very close. The correct answer is the human currently known as Matthew McConaughey.” The judge shook his head once more, and sentenced Gyork to 400,000 revolutions of observation and reeducation on Earth. He gave Gyork one final warning. “Also, Gyork, when you return to Earth. You might want to try out a name other than ‘Zuckerberg,’ the humans seem to be catching on.”



Edit: thanks for the compliments, replies and upvotes!! I’m usually a lurker so I’m really glad this was well received!! Have a great day y’all :)


[Continue the adventure with Part 2!](https://old.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/8p5m1b/space_intruders_part_2/)    
[Continue even more with Part 3!](https://old.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/8p7byx/space_intruders_part_3/)
Part 4 is now live! To check out where this ridiculous adventure goes, come read it in the sub!

&nbsp;

Paul Greengrass cleared his throat before yelling, “Damon! We are rolling in ten!”

Everyone looked around in confusion. Ben Affleck couldn’t help breaking a smile while drinking from his water bottle. Paul didn’t think it was as funny as Ben did. Paul stood up from his director’s seat and threw his clipboard onto the floor. “My God! The amount of time I waste on this man!” he stormed out.

“Damon! Damon!” Paul spat into the megaphone he stole from the woman standing outside the door. There were employees from the set standing around in a crowd. Paul’s presence separated each person from the scene. Paul’s eyes widened. Matt Damon, the star of his new film, was gone. 

Paul stood petrified while staring at a crater where Matt’s trailer had been parked. Smoke slowly rolled across the debris. “What on earth happened here? Where is Damon?!” Paul started to look around at all of the employees who were also standing around in shock. 

“They took him!” Someone shouted from the back. Everyone took a step back when Paul fixed his eyes onto a small boy casted as an extra on set.

“Who took him? What happened?” Paul lunged forward towards the boy.

“They came down from the sky and they took him!” the boy pointed upward.

“Are you mad?” Paul shook his head. “Which way did they drive? Tell me now!”

“They were in a ship, I swear it!” the boy started to tear.

“I found him!” Ben shouted from inside. Paul didn’t hesitate. He didn’t care about the crater of debris behind him. He ran straight through the door inside to find Matt standing next to Ben laughing.

Paul’s posture slumped when he saw it wasn’t Matt Damon, it was Matthew Mcconaughey.

“No!” Paul screamed.

“Just – relax. Everything will be okay.” Matthew slid next to Paul. 

Paul shook his head. “I don’t care if that little brat is right. I don’t care if it was aliens, thugs, or even the Kardashians! They are ruining the budget of this film!”

“Look, we’ll figure it out. Calm down. Let’s go out to his trailer,” Paul interrupted Mathew,

“His trailer is gone! It is nothing but debris lying at the bottom of a crater!” Paul begun to sweat. He adjusted his glasses before taking a card out of his billfold.

“What do you mean it’s in a crater?” Matthew’s smile receded. 

Paul ignored the question. He stared at a business card in his hands while dialing a series of tones into his cellphone.

“Who are you calling?” Matthew leaned over to look at the business card.

There was no name. It just read ‘Team America’ above a phone number for contact.

Paul smiled. “I got through.” Matthew pressed his cheek against Paul’s to listen in on the phone call.

Matthew was about to speak before Paul hushed him with his forefinger. “Whoever took Damon won’t get far.”

Paul noticed the little boy tip toeing through the door with a gentleman who witnessed Matt’s disappearance. The boy pointed towards Paul before claiming, “he’s the one lookin’ for em.”

Matthew turned his attention while still trying to listen on the line. Keanu Reeves walked in crossing his arms. “I know where they went. We are going to need a ship.”

***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)


"We're receiving a transmission from Earth. It's about the human specimen we harvested for examination."

"Send it to the bridge. Let's see what they have to say."

*I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you...*

"End the transmission. Send the Earthling back, and prepare for hyperspace. We are getting the fuck outta here"


Matt sat in his cage listening to the aliens as they chattered amongst themselves.

"Nuqjatlh should mah pong 'oh?" A vaguely humanoid creature in a blue uniform said.

"jih don't sov 'ach 'oh sure is ugly" another dressed in red responded.

"nuqjatlh do tlhih mean?" 

"neh look at its 'aqlo', 'oh's vaj flat. 'oh's disturbing" 

"Let's neh pong 'oh 'aglo' flat vaj," 

Matt couldn't understand what they were saying but it was clear the pair was having a conversation. They both nodded, seemingly in agreement when the pair turned their attention to him. 

"'Aglo'-flat" the red shirt said pointing at him. 

"'Oh qo' yaj mah," the blue shirt said. 

"Nuqjatlh do mah do vaj?" the red shirt said running a disturbingly human hand over its grotesque face.

The blue-clad alien shrugged before walking off. 

Matt sat in his cage rather confused. He worried for the second time, that he may never return to earth. Though he didn't lose hope, because if he could survive a year and a half stuck on Mars eating nothing but shit potatoes he could survive this. 

****

Matt lost track of time as hours, then days passed by. He either slept or observed, unsure of what else he could do. 

He had gotten used to the curious stares of the aliens and found him drifting off as a group all dressed in red watched him with a curious eye. *'Maybe the colours denote rank, whenever the golden one appears they all act different'* Matt thought to himself before drifting off for the umpteenth time.

***

He awoke to chaos, the lights were flashing red, a siren was blazing, and the group of red shirts were running around in a panic. 

"qo' maj nuvs" One shouted

"qo' sov of du" another shouted in response

"'Em!" a third said pointing to an open doorway before being shot dead.

This only caused the other two to panic even more, with one fumbling with a device hung from its belt before a red beam shot from its end turning the creature to dust. The third saw this and ran to the nearest door, flinging it open and was sucked out into space.

"Wow, that was easier than I thought it'd be," a familiar voice called. 

"Yeah, where do you think Matt is?" Another responded. 

Just then a pair walked into the room. They stopped seeing Matt in his cage. 

"Huston, this is Commander Melissa Lewis, we've got him," Melissa said into a radio.

"It's time to take you home," Rick said opening the cage setting Matt free.

****
^^^^Yes, ^^^^the ^^^^aliens ^^^^are ^^^^speaking ^^^^klingon

Edit: some wording


They burned the stars from the sky. They tore worlds asunder. The great plague of man spread from system to system grinding the Seven Celestial Empires into dust. All for one man, The Damon.

The Korlanth found them on a backwater planet known as Earth. Foolish and headstrong as ever, their wisdom faltered against their never-ending quest for new slaves. Humans, they were called, were weak but clever. They bred fast and adapted well to almost every inch of their chaotic world. Had the Korlanth stopped for a moment, they would have realized those very traits would be their undoing. Our undoing.

It was a matter of weeks but the humans were conquered. They didn't stay that way. Humans had an endless experience with war amongst themselves. They had a boundless imagination that we could never comprehend. They had hundreds of stories on how to deal with an alien oppressor; most far more insidious than we could ever be.

Their leader, Damon, organized and defeated the Korlanth, casting off their oppressors as a Jharnar casts off its skin. Decimated, the Korlanth made a hasty retreat, abandoning much of their arms and ships, but stealing The Damon in spite.

That was a mistake.

The Humans learned. They adapted.

They hunted. They fought. They spread.

There are now but seven piles of ash to mark our graves.


Humans.


They burned the stars from the sky. They tore worlds asunder. 


And they got their Matt Damon back.


“And honestly, you don’t even really get that nauseous after the fourth or fifth time,” Captain Zerk explained, passing paper towels to Matt Damon.

Suddenly, a bright flash of light\-\-a ship appears behind theirs.

“What in the\-\-?”

“Incoming message, Commander Zerk,” chimes the ship’s command station.

Zerk waves his hand impatiently, and the message plays.

“Hello *XPS412*, this is *Red Hawk*. This is your first warning\-\-return Damon to us unharmed or we will be forced to take action.”

Zerk appears confused. He presses a button and begins dictating a response.

“Hello *Red Hawk*. It was my understanding that with the Earth’s increasingly depleted resources, lightspeed travel has become prohibitively expensive. How are you funding this expedition?”

Zerk waits patiently for a response, looking questioningly at Matt Damon. Damon shrugs, still wiping vomit from his shirt.

“Incoming message, Commander Ze\-”

“Yeah, yeah, ok play it.”

The command station beeps huffily, and the message plays after a staticky pause.

“...That is irrelevant. Return Damon to us unharmed or we will be forced to take action.”

Zerk shrugs. He presses a button on the command station, and light speed travel is initiated once more. Matt Damon hurls as a white light engulfs *XPS412*.

When the ship slows down, Zerk looks around. Nothing around for light years. He smiles, wondering if he will be knighted once he gifts Damon to the Grand Chancellor. Collecting Earth celebrities has become something of a hobby among the galaxy’s elite, who especially love action movies.

A bright flash of light once more.

“What the f\-\-”

“*XPS412*\-\-this is your last warning! Return Damon to us unharmed or we will capsize you. We have an elite attack squad currently crawling around the bottom of your ship, they have been instructed to enter and destroy until Damon has been returned.”

Zerk has already begun responding.

“**Two** light speed jumps?? Aren't you guys in the most debt in the entire\-\-”

A loud bang is heard by all as an explosion goes off somewhere along the underbelly of the ship. Damon looks apologetically at Zerk.

Zerk is about to say something when another explosion goes off, this time accompanied by the activation of the ship’s emergency lights.

“OKAY! Okay okay, *Red Hawk*, look, I’m returning Matt Damon. Alright? Get your squad off my boat so I can enable repair drones.”

Zerk turns off the mic and resentfully removes the magnetic cuffs around Matt Damon’s ankles.

“I don’t want to be a dick but *The Martian* wasn’t even that good, I don’t get why you’re such a big deal,” Zerk mutters.

He turns on the mic one last time.

“*Red Hawk*, I’m sending Damon back to Earth now. I hope whatever you sold was worth it.”

A long pause.

“Send him to the ship.”

“What, why? I can just beam him to Earth right\-\-”

“SEND HIM TO THE SHIP.”

Zerk's face goes slack, he finally understands.

“We are nothing without him,” the radio says, before going silent one last time.


The revelation that struck the world was three-fold. First, that Aliens existed and we were not alone in the universe. Second, that they had already taken an interest in us and we were powerless to prevent them from interfering in our lives. Third, that the poster-child for international and interplanetary adventure had been stolen away from us. This. Could. Not. Stand!

The Bring Him Home Movement didn't necessarily instill world peace but it did instigate a new level of international cooperation and funding, the likes of which had never been seen. In a little over a year, outposts had been set up on the Moon and Mars.

 Humanity had a long way to go to get their man back.

SETI had finally parsed alien communications from the cosmic microwave background and they were narrowing down a direction for the Invaders. CIA and Bletchly Park cryptographers had the signal about 50% decrypted. 
Blackbriar was reinstated with a focus on training interstellar operatives. NASA had developed a theoretical framework for breaking the speed of light.

Ten years later the Sol system was unrecognizable. The intelligence gained from tapping into the galactic internet had pushed humanity forward ten thousand years. Dozens of planetoids and moons were swarmed by darting ships. 

Strangely, many large vessels were surrounding the planet Jupiter. A short time later it disappeared, replaced by an ship-sized visual disturbance in space. They had created a warp gate that could take them anywhere in the Galaxy. Humanity had broken free.




*Somewhere in the Norma Arm of the Milky Way*


Matt Damon woke up to another day. Being abducted by aliens wasn't nearly as exciting as one would think. After being used as a traveling exhibit by that disgusting cockroach, Kim Jung-il, he had managed to break out on his own  and landed himself in "galactic Hollywood". He currently starred in the galactically acclaimed soap opera "Good Monkeys Hunting". It was about a monkey who could solve mathematically-centered murder cases. They were in their seventh season, and all things considered, life had gotten routine. And that's how it happened that he was commuting to the studio when what appeared to be a star destroyer appeared in orbit.

The races of the Galaxy now refer to that day as D-Day (for Damon day, duh). It was the day they lost their favorite monkey star and humanity began their unstoppable march across the Galaxy.


When will they learn? 

It was the fifth time in the last decade he had be kidnapped. The lengths the entire planet have gone to in order to rescue him have been astounding, but not all together surprising.

Matt Damon was, after all, a planetary treasure. Mr Damon was targeted as a weak spot for humanity 10 years ago by the Reptilians of Centauri V. The Reptilians had been studying us for years. They thought they knew us and our lack of ability to work together. So they went with a plan that seemed foolproof: bring the planet to their knees by kidnapping Matt Damon. For a brief moment, the world was in shock. "What could we do?" After the initial shock, the governments of the world gathered and decided they had no choice: they had to save Private Ryan.

And save him they did. They sent a small contingent in to get him out. We had to use weapons that were developed in secrecy and ones all governments had decided unanimously they would never use. It was the "scorched Earth option" that overwhelmed the Reptilians; they expected this tech. They knew we had it. But they didn't expect our immediate aggression and anger. Matt Damon was saved, at the cost of many heroes that sacrificed themselves for his Sade return, and at the cost of an untold amount of Reptilians that were in the Earth's warriors way.

A few years later, the Reptilians had bounced back and decided they were going to execute their plan again. This time, they were better prepared. They also watched the toll saving Matt Damon took on humanity. Not everyone was happy with the cost of victory. Did we compromise our very own morals to save Matt Damon?  Humanity couldn't immediately reconcile that level of death and destruction put forth to save one single human. So that's why, when the Reptilians struck again,  many considered Matt Damon to not be worth more compromising. We had advanced rapidly in those few years since the last attack. Many government officials around the world recognized we could save Matt Damon again, but with much of humanity considering him expendable, did we put out the effort to save Jason Bourne?

Whereas the first go around, they expected humanity to crumble and become their slaves to save Mr Damon, the second time, they expected humanity to destroy itself fighting over the correct course of action to take. They were planning on discourse. What they received instead was the nightmare.  After the BBC broadcasted internationally a marathon of Matt Damon's greatest movies, interviews, Jimmy Kimmel live appearances, and that awesome clip from Eurotrip, the Reptilians soon learned their plan backfired. They were more in love with Mr Damon now than ever.  They were angry. And they were not going to let this happen again.

We killed them all. Every Reptilian. Humanity put into action was they've been practicing on so many species for so long. Complete and total annihilation. Genocide. Chemical, nuclear, quantum weapons, all used, with scary accuracy and even scarier results. 

They thought after that, a message was sent to the universe: Leave us alone; if you value your lives, forget about Matt Damon. To ignore this warning was to invite death upon your entire race.

Two more times this happened. The Greys were wiped out entirely, being responsible for Matt Damon's third kidnapping. No one had seen one in years. 

During Matt Damon's fourth rescue, he was injured, leaving a permanent scar resulting in a bald streak on the left side of his skull. The forth species had been stricken from all written language throughout the galaxy. To even whisper their name would send shudders down the bravest alien warrior. Their retribution was swift, with no mercy, and without peer.

Surely, no one would be foolish enough to do this again?

We were wrong. The highest echelons of the UN had gathered and determined there is only one way to get the Martian back and send a final warning shot to the galaxy that could not be ignored: send in one man. Our second favorite planetary treasure:  Liam Neeson. God help any intergalactic species that gets in his way.


You turn on the television excited, yet confused about why you need to watch another year of the Oscars.  The substandard list of critically acclaimed movies nominated for best picture has you kind of annoyed but what else are you going to do on a Sunday night. You had planned on having a viewing party with friends and food, before you remembered that you had no friends and you have been on a juice cleanse for the past 12 days.  In your caloric deficit zombie like state you plop yourself on to the love seat with your big gulp. You are a hoarder and there are musky odors of something that is very familiar but indiscernible to the nostrils in your apartment.  While you contemplate your lifestyle, you take a hit from a bong that is worth more than your car.  The TV brightens up and you hear "Welcome to the 2032 Oscars! I am your host Matt Damon!"  You can't contain yourself. Matt Damon is the single greatest actor of all time. You had no idea that he was going to be the host this year. All of a sudden your apartment doesn't smell so bad.  Your energy is revitalized as you unconsciously are eating a slice of pizza that was tucked in the corner of your love seat cushion with minimal hair.  You now have a friend and that friend is Matt Damon. You feel alive for the first time in years if not decades. Sweat starts to drip from your forehead profusely.  You wonder if the weed you have just smoked has something to do with it or if your drug dealer was selling you left over spice again instead. YOU ARE F!@#$&#37;\^ JAZZED!  Your pupils dilate as Matt Damon announces *Avengers 8: Spiderman Goes To Rehab* for best picture.  The minutes seem like hours as your anticipation grows exponentially.  You are at one with Matt Damon. He understands you like no other TV host could.

Just as Matt Damon finishes announcing that Macaulay Culkin has won best supporting actor for his role in *Batman 6: Batman's Birthday* as the Penguin you begin to well tears of joy for how beautiful a celebration this is whilst being hosted by Matt Damon. Your vision is obscured by the fluids coming out of your eyes, nose, and ears.  There is a bright flash on the screen followed by blood curdling screams. You wipe your face with a loose napkin from a crumpled Burger King food bag only a few inches away to see what is going on.  Thats when you realize.  Matt Damon is gone. The suit that he was wearing was still suspended in air as if it was still held up by Matt's glorious bod.  The microphone was making a static sound but was still hanging in the air completely still.  To your horror, you see the camera panning around looking for Matt for a brief few seconds then the station cuts off air. You vigorously search the internet to see what is happening with the situation.  Nothing of substance.  Then you hit the goldmine. Sub r/UFOs appears to have footage of a UFO hovering over the event center from a basic bitch taking a boomerang picture of herself with the Los Angeles skyline in the background. You notice that apart from the girl shaking her butt on the loop and doing some weird pose that there was a flash of light at the same timestamp that your precious Matt disappeared.  You investigate further while trying to keep yourself composed.  You are utterly ripped apart on the inside, but you cannot show your emotions since you need to stay strong for your 13\-year old pug named Sexy.  He takes a shit on the floor and snorts, while you eat a Fritos corn chip off of your laptop that you found.   You go to your favorite website for news that is always reliable and unbiased, [foxnews.com](https://foxnews.com).  They have been reporting on the magical disappearance of Matt Damon for over an hour now and keep showing the same five second clip on a loop.  You report an anonymous tip about the UFO.  They call it fake news.  You report the same tip again, this time it is accepted and they now have a 6 second loop to show of the UFO flashing its light. Thats when you notice that a naked man can be seen in one of the frames for a split second floating in between the UFO and the event center.  You can recognize that frame anywhere, that is Matt Damon. One step closer to rescuing Matt.  Your heart is pounding you slip on your shoes only to find that Sexy has taken a shit in them. Theres no time to take them off, you must rescue Matt. You fly out of your apartment and race to your car.  The 1994 2\-door Honda Civic you drive is basically designed for speed and will do nicely for a quick rescue if you can manage to get it started.  You jump into the drivers seat, jam the key into the ignition and crank it. There is a loud gunshot like sound. Misfire. You crank it again and the car barely turns over.  A smile fills your face and is soon ruined by the smell of Sexy's poop in your shoes.  "Im on my way, Matt!" you scream.

It has now been two hours since the abduction and you turn on your radio.  Now its time for a tough decision, Fleetwood Mac or news about the incident?  You regrettably choose news about the incident.  "They have I.D.ed the vessel that has abducted precious Matt Damon" the radio exclaims.  "It has moved about 20 Km west over the Pacific Ocean, atop of the Catalina Islands." As you drive from the Inland Empire you notice rioters and burning buildings. "A meeting of the world leaders is set via Skype tonight to address the safe return of Mr. Damon, Americas National Treasure" the radio tells you.  You are livid it has been approximately 5 hours and Matt Damon is still missing, scared, alone, and helpless. You fire on the turbo, and make good time.  You finally reach LA only to find it burning and looted due to the mass rioting and hysteria of a world without Matt Damon.  You sneak on a military boat at the harbor headed for Catalina. Once you get closer to the island you realize the entire US Pacific fleet has congregated around the island.  They fire upon the massive UFO and you scream for fear that they may injure Matt!  To no avail, the rockets and missiles bounce off like rocks and explode as they hit the island below.  The captain of the military vessel spots you and for some reason thinks your his first mate. He orders you to take a small 5 man crew to shore and try to reason with the UFO that is now hovering only 5 feet above the island.  You go along with it. As you approach the UFO, you can hear Matt Damon laughing hysterically as if he is being tickled to death.  A drip of sweat drops down your back.  You fart a little, not sure if it was clean or if you sharted a little bit.  You assure your crew that it was clean, because thats what leaders do.  When the tough gets going, the going gets tough.  You ask the guys if they want to get beers afterwords and get rejected outright. Its no secret that your crew utterly despises you.  The UFO is ominous indeed.  Upon closer inspection, you realize that it is not shaped like a traditional circular UFO, it is just a giant box.  The UFO has touched down now and is flush with the landscape. There is no clear entry into the box. It appears to be made of organic material much like wood.  Matt Damons laughs become louder and more outrageous. You and your crew scream out to let him no you are there with no response.  The crew needs to be ready for anything, you tell them to keep there eyes open.  They tell you to "fuck off". A bit hurt, you lean against the other side of the box trying not to cry.  The rest of the crew is inspecting the box they all press there hands against it and you hear a large crunch. The door to the box has flipped open like a ramp and crushed your entire crew to death.  You are indifferent.  The madness of Matt Damon's laughs is deafening and you inspect the opening of the UFO.  It is damp, dark, and moist inside. You creep inside slowly still weirded out by the laughs. The door snaps back up behind you and neon blue lights flicker on.  Matt is sitting in a chair, straight faced. No expression at all, staring at you intently. "Hi Matttt, I'm a uh big uh fan" you stutter. The room is completely empty no controls just four empty white walls.  His expression changes from nothing to smiling. "What are you doing in my palace?!" he shrieks. He is twitching a bit now as if he has a slight case of Turrets.  "Just came to uh rescue you" you state unconfidently. His facial expression has changed to anger.  "Does it look like I need rescuing?!" Matt screeches. He pulls out a metal stick that seems to be electrified and runs at you laughing crazily.  "I'm going to eat you!" he cries.  At this point you realize you probably should have just stayed home.  Did you really stand a chance as cashier to take on aliens that abducted Matt Damon? No, probably not.

You realize what you must do. The world needs a hero.  You are that hero.  Your chest fills with air you perk up as you feel that you are the only man for the job. Your muscles tighten and jaw clenches. You have to sacrifice yourself for the good of Matt Damon. You sit down and let Matt Damon eat you bite by bite. Matt Damon thereafter gains all your powers and becomes overlord of the earth.  He commands a human sacrifice daily to eat and inherits your pug, Sexy.

Fin


It had been 10 years since Xanthem, Emperor of Zaraxia, had finished his 4,000 year tour across the universe, taking souvenirs from each planet he pillaged in honor of his coronation. Among his spoils, in a stasis crate easily missed in his vast collection of wealth, was a conversation piece Xanthem took almost as an after-thought. The dominant species on Earth had not yet advanced past their own planet, and thus their resources were useless and primitive compared to the Zaraxians. Xanthem, in his wisdom, decided to let the star system develop for a few more millennia, and return when their was something worth taking. At the insistence of his court however, having come all this way, he chose the nearest human he could find as a souvenir, and promptly left the desolate star system. 10 years later, this off-hand decision came back to haunt Xanthem. 


First, Estria, the Zaraxian's outermost colony went silent. The last messages received detailed the sightings of Carthinian-like ships, the style of a race wiped out by Xanthem's great-grandfather eons ago. Then the same descriptions were received in the last communications from the warships sent to investigate, before they too went silent. Another planet went dark, and another scouting expedition failed to return, until Xanthem himself led the largest fleet assembled to Exon, the next planet predicted to fall silent. For the first time in a hundred thousand years, the Zaraxians feared that there existed a force greater than their own, that the Carthinians had somehow survived, and thrived after the Zaraxian's destruction of their sun had wiped out the Carthinian's capital star system. Xanthem for the first time in his long life, felt fear. The unprecedented golden age of his civilization had been raging for the last 80,000 years, Zaraxia had won control of the known universe, but maintaining a grand army was too expensive. Xanthem's father was the king who drew down the military, seeing no formidable opponents left. Xanthem himself was an explorer, convinced that there were still civilizations out there in the stars undiscovered or underdeveloped, and that was the whole reason he spent so much on his 4,000 year journey in the first place. Yet now, with eons-long peace, he feared that his empire and dynasty would be blown out like a candle light. 


The first transmissions came through on an old Carthinian terminal brought out from the archives, but something was off about them. The grammar was incorrect, as though the sender had only recently learned the language. They read "We come in peace, but war if needed. In search of human Matt Damon".


Admiral Zhen, of the First Terran Intergalactic Fleet, didn't expect he'd be chosen for the mission. After all, it was alien tech discovered and recreated by the US government, which made up his fleet. Yet in a show of good faith due to escalating trade tensions, the American President nominated a Chinese general to command the first UN fleet of intergalactic warships. Zhen almost felt humiliated when he first received word of his nomination. He had joined the army and quickly moved up the ranks due to his father's connections within the Party, ultimately rising by his own right due to his handling of the Pakistani dispute. Yet now, just months after a supposed alien ship appeared and snatched Matt Damon of all people (an actor who Zhen often confused for Mark Walhberg), he was to lead a hypothetical fleet on a rescue and contact mission? He thought his career would end in a wild goose chase, he didn't believe in aliens, and thought footage from the Damon incident was a hoax. That was, until he saw first-hand the tech the Americans had amassed. Over the next 5 years, the world joined in to help build the expensive fleet, it was political suicide at first for many politicians as their constituents went hungry while several trillion dollars were routed to a fleet that most doubted would even fly. On the day of the launch, 14 ships, with 30,000 crew members aboard each vessel, embarked on a mission no one could have imagined. The President had convinced the world at the UN with his speech, that this mission was not just a rescue mission, but one that would determine the fate of the human race. If there was a civilization out there, capable of visiting our planet and kidnapping one of us, they'd also be capable of enslaving, or murdering us all. 


3 years into the mission, Zhen's fleet reached the Origin Point, the point from which the crashed alien ship the Americans found decades ago was believed to have originated. But there was nothing there but a dense asteroid field. Expeditions among the rubble found fragments of the same tech from the ship, and within the year Zhen had amassed as much knowledge of the Carthinians as possible. The most recent info had the Carthinians at war with the Zaraxians, but nothing suggested that they had won. The crew onboard the fleet used the new tech found and modified it with their own advancements, boosting speed to numbers once believed impossible. At the year mark, the UN demanded more, and so Zhen ordered his ships to resume their expedition. Rexen, the nearest planet from maps pieced together, was only months away now with the fleet improvements. Upon arrival, Zhen was dismayed to find a once thriving civilization dwindled down to a mere thousand inhabitants. Rexen had been neutral during the wars, but was subjugated by Zaraxia soon after their victory. Their planet was stripped of their resources, and those who didn't die working were the few left once the Zaraxians abandoned the planet. Without resources and a stable climate, Rexen would not rise again. It took linguists months to communicate with them, but their info proved to be invaluable. Every once and awhile, Zaraxia would send ships to ensure that their domain was without sedition, and so even lonely Rexen would recieve a visit. The visiting Zaraxians would give them goods, news, and entertainment, more because they pitied them than anything else. Thus the remaining inhabitants of Rexen were more than thrilled to assist their new visitors. 


When Zhen reached Estria, he sent out a message, and instead was met with a blast that destroyed an entire ship, the Excelsior. Seeing no other option, he ordered nukes launched, and the scout ships which arrived en route to the next planet were met with extreme prejudice. When Zhen's fleet reached the next planet, the nukes were preemptively used as EMPs. Battalions went down and recovered as much intel as they could among the masses of Zaraxians clamoring for basic services. If this was Earth, Zhen and his crew would have been tried for war crimes, but losing another ship was not an option. The scout ship after was quickly dispatched with newly acquired Zaraxian tech, and the location of Matt Damon among Xanthem's spoils was found. 


Zhen knew silencing two planets and two scout expeditions would raise alarms at the highest levels of the Zaraxian government, and so he planned for all-out war when they would reach Exon. It was now or never, Earth had exhausted it's resources to build these ships, and would not be able to defend itself should the fleet perish. Zhen sent an expedition in advance to retrieve Damon, knowing that all forces would converge upon Exon rather than guard a spoiled Emporer's riches. Once Damon was secured, the party would wreak havoc on Zaraxia.


Xanthem gazed at the small ships, appearing to be escape pods, through his telescope. A diplomatic party perhaps? The "Carthinian" pods communicated as such. He ordered his forces to stand down, not realizing that the escape pods, manned by survivors of the Excelsior, were suicide bombers. In a flash they broke formation and detonated, the Zaraxian armada was wiped out in an instant.

On Earth, a year later, Matt Damon was successfully reawakened from stasis, having no memory of the last 11 years, unaware of the sacrifice Earth made to find him.


The apparent reason for the kidnapping was to fill the vacant role of (janitor) on the ship. As the Aliens know earth is the most fecund spot in the Milky Way for specimens to fill janitorial roles. 
What the aliens on the ship hadn’t expected was when Matt started work on the ship, mopping floors, cleaning space shit,  and other mundane jobs, he was also doing reconnaissance on the ship for the Vladimir Putin ( a Russian oligarch who knew Sputnik was only the beginning of a rich space life he wanted now- before musk)

Putin being an evil genius and all put Matt Damon on all the space-job apps, knowing he’d be ‘mopped up’ immediately by extra terrestrials. 

The script would then blip to Matt Damon’s grueling training to be able to fit a giant reconnaissance device in his ass hole- the weird  doctor from human centipede was the brains behind that.

So back on the ship he does all this reconnaissance until a prestigious alien sees the reconnaissance device and is immediately alarmed by its un-earthliness. He follows Damon closely who grows increasingly paranoid at Putins constant need to command him to do things. The alien professor approaches Damon and they actually find they have a lot in common. Damon double crosses Putin. Putin finds out and detonates the reconnaissance device which doubled as an IBM. But the device didn’t kill everyone because Damon managed to put his great talent to use and shoved it right back up his ass.

Now the aliens are stranded in the Outback- Australia and they have vowed revenge on the Russian menace Putin.


"We will surely fetch quite a glorious ransom for this famous human."  
  
"Sir, we have completed posting translated messages to all the major populations of the planet. We should receive replies to our demands shortly."  
  
"Good...good" the alien leader says, wringing his hands.  
  
*four hours later...*  
  
"Sir, we are finally receiving a message from the humans."  
  
"It appears to be some primitive image file... hold while we decrypt."  
  
The alien at the console turns his head in confusion.  
  
"Well, what does it say?"  
  
"It merely says, 'Thank you' , sir.


A little late to the party, but oh well. First writing prompt response, be gentle.

It was a relatively uneventful day; another reconnaissance and recovery team had completed their month-long deployment to the recently discovered inhabited world known to its dominant species as Earth. This dominant species names itself “human”.

The objective of these teams is to passively observe and document goings on of a planet, to involve geological surveying and examination of any and all species, especially those with some semblance of technological advancement. The initial inspection involves one large team to establish a plan, with follow on missions usually consisting of multiple smaller teams focusing on single areas. Teams are encouraged to take samples of a given planet’s physical makeup, and capture samples or specimens of the flora and fauna when able to do so discreetly.  

Usually these surveys only take a few orbits, depending on the planet’s position in its system, but Earth was a little different. Our initial pass of the planet took place in the Human calender year of 1939 and is ongoing as of their year 2020. It was almost immediately noted how delicate peace tended to be among different conglomerations of Humans, and so our survey plan opted for a longer than normal mission to study these apparently bloodthirsty creatures. Some of our more morbidly-humored officers say that we’re just waiting to see how long it takes for the Humans to wipe themselves out.

As time went on, it became more difficult to collect samples from the planet surface as their almost constant state of war encouraged them to discover newer and greater ways of detecting and countering whatever they deemed ”hostile”. 

This most recent team had brought back a generous sample of composition H2O, or “water” as the dominant Earth species calls it. While low hanging fruit in terms of rarity on the planet’s surface, the wide variety of uses it has makes it an excellent study subject nonetheless. A team from a few years ago had actually managed to capture a Human; male in sex, and around the middleground of a typical Human lifespan. With what we’ve translated of the multiple Human languages, we determined his name to be Matthew Paige Damon, native resident to the Earth region known to themselves as The United States of America.

Containment procedures vary from species to species; the humans captured in the past had exhibited reactions of extreme fear and paranoia, with an occasional tendency of violence towards their captors. They also have a potential to be quite crafty, and occasionally escaped in the early phases of the Earth survey. As such, containment was generally isolated with limitations on items usable as weapons or tools.

Very rarely had humans been cooperative. The specimens recovered were usually from outskirt regions of human civilization, and were a little less educated than some of their counterparts. Those that had an average or above-average education level were occasionally more calm and willing to be a study subject, and were treated as such instead of being more like a prisoner.

This Matthew human was an interesting catch, however. He was calm from the moment he awoke from stasis, and never resisted or protested anything we did. We would attempt to communicate with captives whenever possible using translator systems, and Matthew would be generally cooperative in answering questions and in regular conversation. One thing that our science officers would repeatedly note was that on occasion, or perhaps if he didn’t like a question, all he would say was “they’re on their way” or “I’ll be free soon” and other similar statements. While a little unnerving, we thought little of it. That was, until the debriefing of the recently returned survey team.

They were one of two teams orbiting Earth at the time. They were designated Watcher-4 and the other team was Watcher-7. With Watcher-4’s cargo hold full of “water” and with only a couple of Earth days remaining until replacements arrived, 4 and 7 agreed 4 could begin the return trip a little early. However, a few hours prior to jumping, 4 lost contact with 7. They opted to drop a communication buoy with a message for the replacement, to alert them to the situation, and continue with the jump home. Without FTL travel, it takes about two Earth weeks for our ships to travel from our homeworld to Earth, with our beamed communication taking a little less time. We beamed a message towards Earth in the hopes that 7 would respond, or that the replacement teams would have an update.

After a month of comm silence, we decided to send an additional three ships together, expecting them to discover the cause of our missing teams. It was when we received no communication from them that we decided the best course of action was to request military escort from our government; perhaps pirates or another hostile space-faring species was in the area preying on our unarmed science ships.

Governmental bureaucracy being what it is, it took longer than we would have liked to get the request approved, and longer still for the ships to be ready to go. It was in that time that the unthinkable happened.

Seemingly from nowhere, our planetary sensors detected a vast fleet of unidentified ships, refusing all communication requests. Not long after, we picked up electronic interference and digital intrusions; our systems were being hacked and sensors were being jammed. While this attack took us by surprise, we were able to begin countering it fairly rapidly. Interestingly, they appeared to be searching for something in our data banks and eventually they found it; the location of Matthew Damon. Almost at once, all manner of weapon systems sprang to life on the mysterious ships, scorching or detonating civilian and military targets alike. It was all fair game, save for where Matthew was being held. The containment compound remained untouched during the initial bombardment, and eventually our military got into gear and began a defensive and counter attack.

In the midst of the battle, smaller ships came from the hostile fleet and began approaching the containment compound, some striking targets near or on the compound and some landing nearby, releasing what seemed like hundreds of… humans! Human infantry, suicidally flooding towards the compound. Several units of our own ground forces had arrived minutes before, and a large engagement ensued. Larger human landing vessels arrived, some being shot down before landing, and deployed armored units. Eventually human units reached and breached into the compound, and bloody hall-to-hall fighting took place throughout it. After what must have seemed like hours to those fighting, they reached Matthew’s cell. He was rapidly extricated, and almost immediately the humans began a withdrawal. Once their remaining ground units were spaceborne, their battleships intensified their bombardment, and their fleet began to jump out.

During the fight, our own defensive fleet moved to engage theirs in a space-scale slugging match. Overall, both sides sustained heavy losses; the Humans had lost a good half of their fleet, while we lost far too much in terms of civilian life and industrial capacity on the surface, not to mention quite a few of our own ships. In the end, however, the Humans appeared to have achieved their goal: the rescue of Matthew Paige Damon.

Even after months of pouring over the data we had collected, both during the surveys and the fighting, neither our best scientists nor philosophers could understand why the Humans wasted so much on a single one of their species.

One thing we are sure of, though, was that we would never return to Earth.


“We have abducted Matt Damon, send us all your uranium or watch him die.” The small, green aliens smiled to themselves and sat back to wait for the answer.

“Uh, that’s Mark Wahlberg,” said the Earth representative. “You can keep him.”

“What? What do you mean? The alien turned in its chair. “Jerry, we said Matt Damon. We can’t negotiate if we don’t have Damon!” The alien turned back to the Earth representative. “Fine, take him. Can we get a boxed set of Ted 1 and 2?”

“Um, that’s also Mark Wahlberg.”

“FUCK! Get out of here!” The alien was fuming.

A few minutes later, having boarded their ship to return to Earth, the representative turned to the other man. “Did they hurt you, Mr. Damon?

“No, I’m alright. They kept playing Good Vibrations by Marky Mark, though. Let’s go grab a Wahlberger.”


"What's the word?", the Major asked.

"Our squad at Normandy has found nothing."

"Have you heard from Scott?"

"Yeah. He doesn't know anything."

"And the Mars expedition?"

"Still in orbit."

"What's the delay?"

"They were watching Ocean's Eleven this morning. One thing led to another, and you know\-\-"

"Twelve and Thirteen too, huh?"

"Back to back. Missed their launch window."

"God bless them. But we are running out of time. We can only get by with impersonators for so long."

"Speaking of which, Trey Parker called. He wishes to get back to doing South Park."

"Out of the question. I want him *and* his puppet on Jimmy Kimmel *tonight*! It just might buy us a couple of more weeks before the public gets wise."

"It's not the talk show that's the problem. It's fucking Sarah Silverman afterwards."

"Who wouldn't want to fuck Sarah Silverman?"

"With a puppet? Trey Parker, I suppose."

"Goddamnit, I'll do it myself! You're dismissed!"

The Major practised his puppetry for the rest of the day. He was no Trey Parker, but a passable performance was required of him as head of the Matt Damon Retrieval Task Force. His eyes welled up as he made the puppet say the words everyone was dying to hear.

"Maaaatt...Daaaamon."

He gave a salute directed nowhere in particular \-\- at the puppet, perhaps \-\- and headed out to stave off global panic a little while longer.


"You are an actor, are you not?" the man in the black suit asked him.

"Uh, yeah, I'm Matt Da-" Matt Damon started to say, but the man held up a hand to cut him off.

"Excellent," he said, and then time and space warped around them.

~

Matt Damon had no idea where the hell he was, but the ancient city he now stood in was beautiful.

"Come," said the black-suited man, and transformed into a different man, albeit still human-looking.

"What's happening? Where am I?" Matt Damon asked, following quickly at the shapeshifter's heels. The shapeshifter smiled, sunlight gleaming off his golden eyepatch.

"It's your lucky day. You have been selected for the most prestigious role of your career."

~

The opening performance (a matinée, strangely) went well, until the God of Thunder appeared.

Matt Damon got to witness first-hand some more Odinson family drama (they really are a dysfunctional bunch, he had written in the margins of his script), before Thor marched Loki off to god knows where.

Matt Damon looked around at the Asgardians, who looked as lost as he felt.

"Can I go home now?" he asked.


I remember before I met friend. I don't like to remember, but I can. I remember the dark and cold. I remember mama wouldn't wake up. It was raining. Big men came and put me in a box, then put that box in a bigger mover box. I remember bumping up and down and the men talking loudly, and the rain hitting the bigger mover box, and loud angry geese sounds. When the big box opened they carried me in my little box inside. I was shaking and barking and shrieking and scared I was scared. They emptied my box into a bigger box and left me there for days. I got food and water, but people poked and pricked at me. I was scared and no one could help and I was lonely and I missed mama and I didn't think I was going to get out. The other dogs were bigger and louder and barked at me through the box walls. 

That's when I met friend. He came in and stopped and looked at me. I didn't want him to grab me like the other men did, but he lifted me gently. It reminded me of mama. I liked him and I wanted him to stay, but then he walked away and I barked, and I barked, and I barked, but he didn't hear me. But then he came back. He put me in a big mover box again, but I wasn't in the smaller box so it wasn't as bad. 

Then when we got to his inside place it was the biggest box I had ever seen. I ran all around it, and I was tired by the time I had run around the whole thing. I could jump and run, and friend was always there to play, or sit on, or protect. He went away a lot when the sun was out, but he was always home after it went down. Some days he was with me the whole day. 

I was scared of the outside when he first found me, but he made me love it again. The walks, and the toys, oh the toys, there were so many toys, and bones, and treats, and belly scratches. He let me run free and was always there to go back to. I remember those days. They were my favorite. 

He even helped me get over my fear of the big mover boxes. Usually, they went to the park. Sometimes, they went to the other place. The other place reminded me of where friend found me. It was all white and the floor went click click click under my paws. It had a big lady with glasses and a white coat. She would poke and prod at me, but friend was always there so I wasn't that scared.

But all of that seems so long ago. My legs are tired now. The outside seems so much bigger than it did. I can only run for so long now. But friend still brings me. He brings my toys too, they still cheer me up. They don't squeak as much, but I don't mind. The outside is starting to hurt. The cold gets through my fur easier. I feel so sorry to friend. I know he wishes we could still run and play. I try to, for a time, but I don't think I can keep up with him anymore. I wish I could thank him for everything. For getting me out of that box. He made me the luckiest dog in the whole world. He gave me things I didn't think I would ever have. I never felt so lost when my mama went to sleep. I thought no one would ever make sure I was ok. No one would ever be there to protect me. Then friend did. I was never able to thank him enough, but I hope he knows.

Friend says were going for a ride soon. He's been taking me to the park more, so that's probably where we're going. I remember once, when I was tiny, we went to the other place and the woman poked me with a needle. It made me sleep for at least a hundred years. I feel like that now; like I could sleep for one hundred years. Maybe Friend can bring me back there. So she can give me another poke. I'll be less tired after another hundred years.   


Edit: Thank you all for the kind words. I only hope that this thread was able to ease OPs pain, even if just for a little while. To all those crying, it's alright, I cried too. Dogs are too pure for this world. For everyone giving me gold, thank you, really. But please, donate to an animal shelter instead. Every little bit helps.


A little one patted him on the head gently as he stopped to drink from her hose and that was nice. He was biting at the water, front paws bouncing as the little one giggled and moved the stream across his face. Left. Then right. Then left. Up! Down! In *circles!*. He coughed and sneezed as he tried to catch every drop.

A bigger one had come out shouting at him, so sensing that playtime was over he woofed his appreciation to the little one and bounced on down the road.

After a few passing pats as he plodded down the road, he realised he was still thirsty. Classic. Always forgetting that hoses were for drinking, as well as playing. He'd have to find some less mobile water somewhere, and maybe some sausage - he couldn't quite remember where he'd had sausage before, or what it tasted like, all he knew was that when he heard 'sausage!' - boy, would he get excited!

Tuning back into his surroundings, he found himself off the street. There were some fences on either side of him, some less grey than others, but only one he was interested in; with a gate banging gently against the latch, unlocked. Over the fence was smoke, gently blowing with the wind toward him, and carried with it were some *wonderful* smells! He was a simple boy, and an honest boy - but that doesn't mean he couldn't be a smart boy - especially when it comes to smells. Walking up to the banging latch, he juts his nose at the gap, bumping it against the wood. Ouch. He sneezed off the boop and lined himself up again, sliding his nose inbetween the banging wood and sharply flinging it to the right. The gate swung open, his nose hitting the ground twitching as it traced the smell.

A few feet ahead of him, a few big ones were gathered. Three were sitting, making happy noises, whilst another one stood up behind a metal thing. He flipped his arm up and down, and with each flip came a very loud sizzle sound and a hearty blast of very tasty smells.

One of the sitting ones was looking at him and slapping their knees, he plodded forward a little - hesitantly, checking just for triple sure that those *were* happy sounds they were making. It was hard to focus, with all these smells, but heck it was worth the risk! 

As the one who'd beckoned him ran their hands over his head, a very relaxing kind of pat, a small bowl of water was placed down in front of him. He happily lapped up what he could, trying his best not to make a mess, and ignoring the hand sweeping over his neck as they looked for a collar. He accepted a few more pats (but respectfully declined a belly rub) before he sat up and plodded back over to gate, shoving it open with another determined boop. 

It clanged behind him, and he stepped on further into the unknown, following wherever his nose would take him.


In the day, the cars zoom by, engines roaring, tires screeching. They'd kill you without a second thought. I've seen it happen. The sun beats down, warming your being into a sense of pleasant sleepiness, but this, too, can be dangerous. On some days, when you rest, you may wake up to a crowd of teenagers, cheering and throwing stones. On others, you may not wake at all, torn between extreme thirst and no strength left to quench it. My best friend and most loyal pack mate stopped to rest in a parking lot and woke up with his fur burnt off, skin melted into the hot tar. I barked for help, but none came. So now I sleep in the shade. 

As dangerous as the day was, I preferred it. I learned to avoid most of the dangers, and made use of the daylight to find food in the trash cans. But at night, the ghouls come out. They walk, staggering from left to right, and drive differently. Worse. Sometimes, they carry bottles. Sometimes, they throw them. Sometimes they chase me, but slowly and clumsily. The ghouls come out, and they steal from the good men. They burn foul odors into the air and suck it into their chest. In the day, I can sometimes beg food from the good men. At night, I only run from the ghouls. 

Most of the time I avoid them, but I've actually encountered them once. It had been a warm day, and I'd salvaged bits of crust from a pizza box in an alleyway. I curled up on the box to nap, and when I woke, it was dark. And a ghoul stood before me. 

He was a shorter, older one who smelled of burger grease and cigarettes. He wore a mask over his head that hid his ears. A gun was tucked into the seat of his pants. He pointed it at a passerby and shouted something. They stopped. 

I felt a growl rising from deep within me. I did not like this ghoul. He turned towards me as I got up from my napping spot and jumped him. His eyes widened as my teeth fastened around his ankles, and a cracking noise, so loud it hurt my ears, came from the metal tube. My back hurt. 

The ghoul kicked me off and moved up to kick me again, but something flung him back. That was the last thing I saw before I fell back asleep. My back no longer hurt. It just felt wet. 

I woke up on a stone floor with sticky cloth on my back. Someone had fastened a plastic cone around my head and placed bowls of food and water in the corner. I ate. It was good. But I was stuck.

It was a small room that served as my prison. It was always daytime, but never warm. I could smell other dogs nearby, and hear a few farther out, but all I had was a rug to sleep on and no room to run. Sometimes, men would walk by and look at me. Sometimes, ghouls would do the same. Once in a while, a man would come and take me out to explore. If I behaved, he'd give me extra food. 

A long time passed, and the fur grew back on my back. The man came in again and took me outside. He gave my leash to someone I'd never seen before. I smelled him. He smelled okay. He scratched me behind the ears and talked. Then he took me to his car. 

That night, I slept in the dark in a new place. I had a bed, a few toys, a throw pillow I took from the couch, and a sock I found behind it. They were better to chew than the toys. In the morning, the man came back and we went to the park. I had a family. I was home. 

[subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tensingstories/)


*(Since today is Valentine's Day, we decided to put a small Valentine's spin on the story.)*

Steve had only been my owner for a day, but I already loved him. He'd put me in a bright red collar, decorated it with a shiny pink bow, and gave me treats when I sat inside a giant paper box. It was a little strange, and when Steve closed the lid of the box, I was scared for a second thinking he was going to send me back to the kennel, but then Steve's fingers peeked in from a hole in the side with another treat, and I happily lapped it up.

A moment later a door opened, and I barked, expecting an intruder. Or a squirrel. There was a high-pitched human shriek, and I barked even louder. What if Steve was in trouble? I had to help him! I leaped up in the box, knocking the lid to the floor, and peeked outside. There was a female human there, bundled up in hat and scarf, grinning and screaming at me. I wasn't sure what to make of it, so I barked at her, and she swooped in and wrapped her arms around my body.

Steve and the female honked at each other with their mouths, then pressed their mouths together. They must really feel safe around each other to do that! The female helped me out of the box, gave me a treat, and I loved her too.

Over the next days, Steve and his female (whose name I think was Laura, but was hard to tell from human honks) walked me around outside. I sniffed all of the trees, found a perfect one to pee on, and barked at all of the squirrels. It was amazing. At night Steve and Laura would sit on a very soft log (maybe it was made of squirrels?) in front of a glowing screen, and I'd sit on their laps as they'd pet me. It was amazing.

But sometimes Steve and Laura would honk at each other in a bad way. They would bare their teeth and growl and I didn't like it. I'd crawl back into the giant paper box I'd come out of, and wait for it to end. When it did, and they found me, they'd come over and honk happily at me, though not as happily as they used to.

We went on walks less and less. Steve spent more time in his room alone. Laura spent more time on the soft-log alone, looking at a flat bone in her hands that rang and honked a lot. Something was wrong. Steve and Laura liked each other as much as I liked that hamburger that squeaked when I chewed on it. I needed to help them.

I went over to my paper box in the closet and clasped the bright pink ribbon in my teeth. I trotted upstairs to Steve's room and clawed on the door and whimpered until he opened it. He honked angrily at me, but I dashed away downstairs, and he followed. I went over to Laura on the soft-log, set the bow down next to her, and then turned to Steve, panting happily.

Steve gazed at the bow next to Laura. She looked up from the flat-bone her hands. They smiled at each other, and I thought that Steve was going to sit next to her and I could lay across their laps like we used to. But instead Steve bent down, rubbed my head, and walked away.

The next day we went for a car ride. I was so excited! Maybe we were going to the park. But then a familiar, pungent smell hit me. The kennel. The car pulled up right in front of it and we stopped.

I immediately started barking, fighting against Steve and Laura as they pulled me out of the car. Laura was crying and Steve was honking loudly and angrily. He was stronger than me. I couldn't escape. They brought me inside, and the familiar, scary smell paralyzed me. Steve and Laura honked at some woman dressed in white, she honked back, and then after a final pat on the head, they left.

What had I done wrong? I tried so hard to make them happy. Why would they bring me back here? I loved them. Didn't they love me?

The woman in white pulled my leash, leading me back to the hallways of barking dogs that I remembered too well. I scraped my paws against the ground, whimpering in protest. The woman just honked frustrated at me and pulled harder.

But then a man came over. He honked at the woman, and she stopped pulling me. He bent down and rubbed my head. I didn't know what to think. I licked his hand and he honked at the woman some more, until finally he took my leash and we walked out of the kennel together. I followed him, nervous, and he led me to a car. He opened the back door and ushered me in, but I didn't know what to do. What if he brought me back to the kennel again, just like Steve and Laura?

The man honked at me and then did something that Steve and Laura never did: he opened the car passenger door and pointed. He wanted me to sit up front with him?

Excited, I bounded in and started panting in the passenger seat. The man climbed inside and started the car. He honked at me some more, and between his strange mouth sounds, I think I figured out his name: oppositewerewolf. He gave me a treat. I already love him.

*****
This prompt was written with the help of chat at the [ScottWritesStuff](https://www.twitch.tv/scottwritesstuff/) Twitch stream.


They say a dog
Is mans best friend
That will be by your side
To the very end

So I wanted to tell you
You were my whole life
You loved me and cared for me
Between us never a strife 

You pet me and fed me
And took me on walks
You shared all your secrets
We had so many long talks

And though I couldn’t tell you
All that my heart felt
I hope that you know
The best life ever was the one I was dealt

You may not know where I came from
What my story was before you
But none of it matters because 
My life began when one turned into two

I’m sorry I had to leave you
But I promise I’m still here
In your heart and your memories
So don’t shed even one more tear

Thank you for giving me
All the happiness and joy 
So I promise that where I go next
I’ll be the bestest good boy.


Oh my goodness deary may

My how pleasant is this day

Oh I wonder what I'll see

What I'll find to have my pee

Maybe something fast to chase

Ooh perhaps I'll lick a face

I don't know what is in store 

But I know that there is more

Somewhere out there is a home

A home for me to make my own

Someone somewhere for me to love

Someone somewhere to give me hugs

Someone sweet to give me treats

Someone soon I hope to meet


"Barks, Scruff, Danny" Nips said hello, sniffed butts and settled on the grass. The Williams kid would be starting his paper route soon. They'd chase him for a block or two, make him pedal off some of that winter weight, then they'd come back to stretch and let their bellies warm in the sun. 

"Hey Nips" Barks asked "where'd you get that scar?"

"Oh this?" Nips flopped his ear back, showing the long gash to everyone. "Well Barks, I got this one before you were even born".

Danny looked down and scratched his ear.

"See" Nips began "this came from a time me and Danny was out on the town down near the tracks back in '11." Nips licked his lips. The gang was rapt.

"It was December, close to Christmas. That time of year when kids are running everywhere, all jacked up on the hope of new toys and a puppy under the tree. Danny told me about a couple of ladies that he'd seen from the truck window so we decided to take a walk. You know how the days get dark early then, so we set out early. We made it down to the tracks pretty quick, it was cold so you had to keep moving. I could smell the marks of a hundred dogs so I didn't hold out much hope for the ladies still be, shall I say, available? 

Anyway we looked around a bit, chased a cat or two, and were just about to head home when this kid runs out in the middle of the street crying. He's got this pup in his arms, the pup is trying to lick his face, you know, cheer him up, but the kid ain't stoppin. 

So Danny goes over, flops down and tries to get the kid to rub his belly. Now, boys, I seen a lot of roll overs in my day and Danny's are among the best. But that kid didn't see Danny for nothin. 

And then I see why. 

Out of the door burst this big guy, maybe five dogs high. And he's red. Not just his face. His hands, his chest and if I coulda saw his feet I'da bet they was red too. He starts yelling about that cute little puppy who, as near as I could tell, had eaten the big guys steak. And the big guy says there's going to be hell to pay. 

And the big guy knocks the kid and grabs that puppy and draws his arm back like he's going to send that cute little thing to the moon.

Well, Danny wasn't having any of that and neither was I. So Danny goes for the guys pant leg to trip him up a bit. And if Danny had been a little quicker he would have seen the guys other leg swinging round to clock him in the ribs..sent Danny halfway cross the road. 

Which only made me madder. So I leaped. I'd like to think it well reasoned but that leap was pure emotion. I landed squarely in his chest and sunk my teeth into the very arm that held that wee dog. Not enough to break the skin, but enough to make him let go. What I didn't count on was once he let go of the pup he had two hands for me. He grabbed me and tossed me right into a street sign. Cut me pretty bad but not very deep. Looked worse than it was."

"What about the pup? Was the pup ok?" Scruffs asked with a tear in his eye. 

"The pup? Ya, sure. Danny and me checked up on him over the years. Turned into a great big Shepard. Looked like the big guy went away and the kid seemed ok too. They had that bond, eh boys? Nothin like it"

"Nothing like it" they all agreed. They'd all had it once, when they had boys of their own. 

And then the Williams kid rode by and they were young again.


The Long Happy began almost as soon as I was born. I remember before it started. They were yelling. They would yell and throw things and ma would lick my fur until the shaking stopped. 

&nbsp;
She would put her big paws over my tiny body and protect. I was safe in the warm and dark, tucked right up against her belly until I drifted to sleep. 

&nbsp;
One day, she was gone. There was a truck, some soft and kind voices...some food, food, and man it smelled so good, i just wanted to chase, I ran and ran and chased the truck but it was so fast and they were gone. 
Alone was wrong. It didn't feel like it was mine. I survived.

&nbsp;
No kind paws, no licks, no warm belly. It was raining, there was cold and wet. I hate cold and wet. Unless i'm digging it into the ground...but this was the relentless kind, it was like a river but the wrong way up, and i was cold, cold, cold. 

&nbsp;
I grew. I met so many friends, but none of them looked like me. Some got close. Some of them sniffed. Some of them hissed and scratched me, ow. I paddled in streams and played with birds. I saw others like me. Sometimes they followed me. I could be scary. I learned to protect. I scared other scary things away from smaller things. I protected tiny humans, and baby floofs, and even the little scratchy hissing things.

&nbsp;
It felt like I ran all over the world. I'd dug up every patch of dirt there was to dig. I'd howled at the moon and swam in puddles and oceans. But I was cold. I was alone. I got sick. And then I could not protect...not even me.

&nbsp;
And then there was...warm? Nice warm paw - soft skin, soft voice.

&nbsp;
It held me close to a warm belly and I licked and yipped and wriggled and then there was a big face full of love and all of a sudden I knew I belonged. And so did they. And the Long Happy began. 

&nbsp;
It was pack. Food. Running. Chasing. Licking. I discovered new things that I loved every single day. I loved the ear scritch, then the belly rub, then that spot on my bum near my tail....the chicken, the pork, the smell of my pack (even better than food). Even when I was alone, I knew I would not always be.

&nbsp;
I ran, chased, escaped, caught balls, panting and looking around for the next game. It's hard work!

&nbsp;
Tiring work.

&nbsp;
I'm great at all those things. 

&nbsp;
When you win the game every time you can get tired. And after a while, your legs ache a little. It's harder to see. You can't quite run so far. And maybe there are less balls. There are definitely less balls. 

&nbsp;
I wondered if the Long Happy could end, once. I was afraid. And sore. Would I be cold again? Would there be alone?
&nbsp;
I can't see my pack well anymore, but all of a sudden they are there. With their paws, and soft belly, and kisses, and I am so comfy and happy and warm. I sleep, and know that I am safe. I drift away and feel the Long Happy grow longer. I know that it will last forever.


I had just returned from my stint in Afghanistan with 2Rex in the back we had some forced leave and as a treat I was taking him out into the back country.  Hes not really allowed off base but again no-one was gonna stop us. We'd done this before and it really clears the mind a and both of us could use the r and r. 

We made it up into the Rockies and had been hunting and relaxing for the best part is a will before bad weather started to settle in.  So back in the pick up and the long drive back.  lightening started as we were driving and the thunder started to remind me of the sound of war. 2Rex was feeling it too and began whinging from the back. I pulled over and opened his box as lightning cracked above. I reacted by driving for my fox hole and he drove beside me as we had done countless times before. I realized his time had come and mine too. 

We stopped off at a diner on the way home and I let him let him out while I went inside. I came back out to find him playing with a little girl. He had his youth back and his puppy was coming out again. A lady came out and said oh she just loves dogs smiling at her daughter. I replied "take care of them for me then"


I was the last of my kind, at the end of my time. This is my story. 

My planet was doomed. The alien species know only as C.A.T. had completely wiped out our military defensive. As a last ditch effort to stop them from advancing through the galaxy, I blew up my home. I got into my craft and set the director to find the nearest habitable planet. At safe distance, I hit the detonator. I didn't calculate for aftershocks and got blown off course. Which turned out to be the best thing for me. 

On this planet, a lot of what the indigenous species, humans, call "dogs" looked nearly identical to my kind. To the point where I would even try speaking to them, and they just kind of looked at me. They were not my people, much to my dismay, but I learned to blend in and be accepted. Eventually I learned their tongue, and felt more acceptance. I wouldn't find home for a while.

I stumbled upon what the humans caked "police academies" and snuck myself in with the lot. Humans, even with their gear capacity for good, aren't the brightest, they never noticed I wasn't part of their group. It was fun for a while, stopping bank robberies, diffusing bombs, catching the bad guys. That was they life.

I grew bored of it after while. Wanting to find a place where I could just live put the rest of my years in peace and comfort. So I just left one day. No shortage pf these "German shepards", so I doubt they noticed.

That's the day I met you.

(Without more info, that's all I could write up. Also had to get back to work. Good luck. It sucks now, and you really never get over it, but It does get easier. My dogs have been gone for 2years, and I think about them all the time.


You wanna know about me? What’s there to know about me, kid? Ain’t been here a day yet, at least lemme get settled in.

Hmm? Well... You got a point. I been around a bit, seen a few things. Like when I finally found a place to stay? I could see the tabletops! Hah! Bet you ain’t seen those, hey, kid? Pomeranian like you, what sent you up to Great Sky Kennels, an unusually aggressive gnat?

Eh, I kid. Shut up and let me drink.

Wha? Before I moved in with the human? Well... everybody’s got a part of their life they don’t like to talk about. You do too, I bet, you got the look of a reformed ankle biter. But I ain’t gonna pry, kid. I saw things. I did things... But I left all that behind me when I went into the house.

Stories? Sure, I got stories. A few drinks on you and I might even spill one, heh heh.

You’re gonna? How the hell d’you got that kind of kibble? Oh right, Pomeranians are always owned by rich old women. How could I forget.

Woof, that’s better. Now, tell me, kid. You ever seen a dead human? No? Yeah, me neither. Streets weren’t quite that rough down there. Once saw a guy on a bike get distracted and crash into a mailbox, though.

Ever kill another dog? Ever go into blood rage, go for the jugular, just dig your teeth into his throat? What, you think I did? Come on, I ain’t a psycho! I ate some rats what was tryin’ to move in on my alley and I mighta knocked a few heads together to make a point, but I ain’t never killed nobody. The hell do you take me for?

Specifics, huh? Whatever. I was scavenging in the park and a big-ass bird was harassin’ me. Eventually got mad, took a swing. Little bastard jumped out of the way and flew for it, turned his stupid head around to laugh at me, and smacked into a passing bus. Little feathered fucks never bothered me again.

How’d I find the house? Simple, kid. I was wandering, and I decided I’d seen enough fights, enough hunger, enough stupid fuckin’ birds. I decided my wandering days were over. So I went in to the nearest driveway and curled up on the porch. Sat there for... hell, musta been hours. Finally the human who lived there saw me and let me in. I ate well that night, first time in ages.

I gotta say... Once I found the human, there was no way I was ever goin’ back to my old life. I had a good house, good food, and a good friend. What else could an old dog wish for?

I’ll tell ya, kid. Some peace and quiet. Getouttahere, I got booze to drink.


I tend to write in first person, and my great-grandfather trained German Shepherds for the Danish police force before the advent of World-War-II, so this really isn't about your dog:

> There are no sheep quite like German sheep.

> Don't get me wrong, a leg of lamb is a leg of lamb, but there's something about nipping at the hindquarters of a Friesian that get's my blood up. My dad got me into the habit I suppose. And his dad before him. German upon German upon German biting the flanks of all the sheep we can find going back as long as anybody can remember, we're bound to build up a taste for it. Some call us inbreeds; we call it heritage.

> I will always be proud of how I came to be.  You can see it in my stance. If you couldn't see it the sheep couldn't see it either, and the sheep need to see it. The shepherd needs the sheep to see it, so I need the sheep to see it, so I need the shepherd to see it. 

> There are no shepherds quite like German shepherds.


And I recall the smells in the park,

How I used to run, and fetch, and bark.

You'd always bring with you a ball,

But I got distracted, and lost them all.

And I recall the snausages,

and now I'm drooling, because snausages.

You'd ask me to sit or do a trick,

and always gave me two, for being lightning quick.

I recall when you'd get scared, 

the nights were dark, you had nightmares.

So I'd crawl up on your bed,

we weren't allowed, but you'd pet my head.

And I recall when I'd get scared,

when cars backfired, or thunder blared.

But it was always ok you said,

you'd call me over, to pet my head.

And I recall when you'd get sick,

and how I'd try, to heal you with licks.

Mom would take me from your room at that,

but you'd always call, me back for pats.

And I recall when when grandpa died,

I could tell you'd need me, always at your side.

I licked away your salty tears,

we sat together, you scratched me ears.

And I recall just so much more,

like how you'd laugh, when I would snore.

Or how you always made me feel,

so like family, it was surreal.

And I know that you too recall,

memories together, you'll have them all.

So when you miss me go ahead and think,

perhaps of that time, when I ate pen ink.

Or how I filled you up with glee,

at least I hope I did, you sure did me.

Instead of how I got so sick,

how I had to leave, just much too quick.


Earl and Helena pulled into the condo complex.

"I'm *so* hungry," she complained, tapping her long fingernails on the window.

"That's because you didn't finish that frat boy's blood."

"He was so drunk, I was getting tipsy! And I'm not 21 yet --"

He snickered. "Ah, such a sense of morality."

"Well, yes. Unlike you, I've never killed anyone. I'm part of the Veluvian Order, remember? 'Leave them alive; take just enough to thrive.'"

He rolled his eyes, and pulled crookedly into a parking space.

"Do you see any with welcome mats? Those will be the easiest. Don't even have to get invited in," he said, stepping out of the car.

"I know that, Uncle Earl. Geez." She squinted at the doorways. "There, on the third level, I think." She pointed to a brown dot on the threshold.

"Fantastic."

The two climbed the stairs. Earl huffed and puffed as they got to the final level. "Damn asthma," he said under his breath. They walked towards the door.

"Wait..." she said, trailing off. "This isn't a traditional welcome mat."

"What?"

"Look! It doesn't say 'Welcome'. It says --" her tone turned quizzical -- "'Hi, I'm Mat.'?"

He shook his head in anger. "No, Dammit! These stupid, 'funny' welcome mats --"

"What? You've seen these before?"

"Yeah. They're popular with the younger folk. Think they're being funny and witty and clever and all that. But they're stupid. And they don't let us in."

"Who even makes them?" She crouched down, and curled up the corner of the rug.

"Some kitschy designer who think's he's being *so* witty --"

"That's odd."

"What?"

"It's 'Buffy's Welcome Mats, Incorporated'."

---

r/CSDouglas


The woman comes to the Wal-mart, alone, on a windy evening.  The door to the box-store separates for her automatically when it senses her human movements, and she shivers in the vestibule.  She is very tired, but still she smiles and nods when Albert the greeter says hello, grinning with his strange teeth.  She pulls a shopping cart free, and goes shuffling down the aisles, each full of every commodity imaginable, all stacked atop each other like the towers of some cliffside gothic castle.

She only has twenty dollars cash remaining in her coat pocket.  It was given to her by Sandra from the community center, who had just that afternoon also invited the woman to live in her house, now that her mother had at last kicked her out for good.  Whether the money was a loan or gift is still not altogether clear to the woman.  However, the distinction does not matter.  Deep down she knows she does not intend to ever repay it.  

"My spare room isn't much bigger than a closet, but this is to help you make it feel like it's yours," Sandra had announced, when she pressed the crumpled bills into the woman's hand, "Get yourself a new little dresser, some sheets, and whatever else it will take.  I'll help you set it up tonight after work." 

Sandra's kindness had initially measured over two hundred dollars.  Alongside the spare room, it was all such a gesture that the woman quickly realized she had no concept of how to respond, so she just stuttered a thank you, and then hugged her savior for over five seconds.  She told Sandra that she had already become a second mother to her, who, unlike her real mom, understood addiction, and how when people stumble, they need compassion and support, rather than an eviction, and an oath to no longer enable. The woman promised not to waste the opportunity Sandra had given her.  But even though she believed at the time that she had meant what she promised, before she was even a mile from the community center, she found herself detouring on her way to the Wal-mart, over to the park where the men in the puffy jackets are always sitting on the same bench.  Soon enough, almost all Sandra's money was gone.  And now, meandering through the endless Wal-mart aisles, stuffed full everything a human being could ever covet, the woman encounters the sheets and the small dressers, and the prices on them.  She begins to cry.  
  
"Are you alright, miss?" Albert the greeter asks, mincing toward her.  He is very old and his skin is quite pale, even under the fluorescent Wal-mart lights.  Usually the woman would lie to a stranger and send him along after being asked this sort of question.  But, with Albert, for some reason she does want to dismiss him so summarily.  Perhaps it is the lilt in the frail man's voice or perhaps it is just the frantic desperation of her situation; regardless, the woman feels compelled to tell him an intimate truth.

"I think I just ruined the last chance I had at a decent life," she says, wiping her nose on her sleeve, "All because I can't control myself.  All because I'm a fucking vampire who just can't stop consuming and hurting people."

She goes on to unburden herself to Albert, as if he was a priest, with the kitchenware aisle for his confessional.  She tells him about the drugs, how it began with the cooks and other waitresses all reeking of garlic after too-long shifts in the restaurant, how it migrated to parties on the weekends, and then to alleyways and abandoned buildings, how her mother would inspect her forearms with a flashlight and lock up her purse at night, how she went to the meetings, but spent most of it on her cell phone, until it was her turn to speak, when she would stand before the crowd and just lie.  She tells Albert about Sandra, and how she doesn't even know what she is doing in the fucking Wal-mart since she has no money left and will never again be able to look that saintly woman in the eyes. 

"Well, if you're a vampire, then I'd say you're in the right place," Albert tells the woman, stroking her back gently, "Everyone in Wal-mart is a vampire in one way or another, just insatiably consuming all this garbage.  But, you know, maybe being a vampire is the highest, best thing anyone can be these days.  So maybe you should just stop fighting against what you really are."

The woman chuckles a little.  The old man is more pragmatic than she would have expected. "That's all well and good, but it won't exactly help me find a place to sleep tonight, now will it?" she asks.

"Oh I don't know about that," Albert responds, "I think if you really wanted to, you could still find a way to lay your head at that Sandra lady's place, and I think you could do it without having to ever admit your little slip up to her.  Tell me, do you think Sandra has a welcome mat outside her house?  If not, this Wal-mart's got a lovely selection of welcome mats, and plenty of them are cheaper than twenty bucks.  Maybe all it will take for you to get yourself into Sandra's house tonight is laying down a welcome mat beside her door."

The woman looks at Albert with a furrowed brow.  "Okay now you're not making any sense, what does a welcome mat have to -"

Albert puts his wrinkled, liver spotted finger on her lips.  He leans in and whispers in her ear.  Her eyes go wide.


"That has got to be, without a shadow of a doubt, the dumbest fucking thing I have ever heard."

Sergeant Barnes stood waiting for the coffee machine to finish making noise. Beside him stood Police Constable Williams, with a report in-hand.

"But it has to be the case, sir. There's no other possible connection."

"No other connection *that you can find*."

"Sir, how many victims have there been so far? Seventeen? Eighteen?"

"At least twenty," Barnes replied, as he checked his coat pockets for cigarettes. "Bloodwork suggests there's more than we originally thought. What's your point?"

"My point is that there's no other correlation between them. Do you not think it's odd that there are never any signs of forced entry, given the condition of the bodies?"

"I don't think the killer is choosing his victims because they have a fucking welcome mat."

"To be honest, I'm not too sure of that either. But we're obviously dealing with a complete nutter, so I think it might be worth considering. Maybe he really hates welcome mats."

Barnes let out a short groan. "Fine, I'll read it. *If* you go around the corner and get me some cigs. I've run out."

Williams glanced at the clock above the door (8:37am), then promptly obliged.

With the report and morning coffee in-hand, Barnes walked over to his desk. He waited until he could see Williams in the street through the nearby window, then chuckled as he dropped the report into the bin. 

The welcome mat killer. He had now officially heard it all. Williams was a promising young officer, but he could be a real idiot sometimes.


Once again, was I sitting there in the darkness. Hungry. Starving. The gossip was going around faster than my non-existing blood flow,. The mortals knew there were shady "people" around who would knock on the door with some poor excuse to try and enter the residence. Some lousy new-blood was captured and tortured for the secret of our brethren. The only way you could get work on the farms was if you were able to enter the house on the land. People were catching up, and more of our brethren were captured and executed. We needed to do something, so I started thinking while my stomach growled, echoing off of the walls. I needed to get invited in to be able to enter a house, that was the curse "Mr. Dest" cast upon us when he created us. The vampires don't like to write the history down, most of us can't even read or write, we are still doing it the old fashioned way. That means searching for any kind of rule book is out of the question. Once I get invited in though, I can freely walk in forever thats a fact. "I wonder if animals can invite us inside?" I muttered to myself before falling into laughter. "I wonder why we can enter businesses and establishments but not personal homes" I thought to myself before loudly yelling "Aha!". I started connecting the dots. All stores in town have a wooden sign that says "Welcome" or something in that variant. "I wonder..." I thought before rushing outside with the biggest grin on my face.

 I had to test this! No way it could be this simple. It couldn't be, right? I ran straight towards the salesman of the town, he was a human but he was an ally, getting paid by the vampires for insider information. He didn't care much about us, his eyes only saw gold. In a way we weren't that much different, he would hurt and scam people for gold, we would hurt people for blood. Ah blood, just the thought of it makes me go mad.

 I arrived at the store of the salesman. "Hiya, Darren!" I said as my eyes suddenly locked on that one particular blue vein that was sticking out in his neck as if it was the head of a deer that just heard something making a noise in the woods. "You up for making some gold?" I asked while scanning through his items, "Im looking for something people in the town all need. Something like a rocking chair for a porch, or someth..." I didn't even finish my sentence, because I had found it. I pointed my finger at the pile of empty brown doormats. "PERFECT" I grasped out of happiness. "Whats with the strange behaviour?" said Darren. I looked at him like I could murder him at that instance. I want you to paint all these mats with the word "Welcome", use white paint so it's easy to read and make the letters big. I threw a bag of gold on the counter and started waiting.

An hour later he was done, still with a question mark on his face. "I still don't understand why you wanted me to do this." he said as he sighed out of relief that he was done. "Shhhh, no questions" I say as I giggle like a little school girl while cracking my fingers. "Any customers who come in, try to sell them mats for a cheap price, you better get a list of the persons names who buy them and more of those bags will appear" He obeyed like the good little human he was.

The following day I went back there, feeling as ill as a dog who didn't eat anything for weeks. As if maggots were eating me from the inside out, the pain was unbearable. "Got the list for you, we sold out all of them". That gave me an adrenaline rush, as if I was a mortal kid again who just found a toy collection. I rushed out of there and checked the first name on the list. As it was a small town, everyone knew each other by name so that shouldn't be a problem. He lived fairly close so I rushed there. I noticed the welcome mat, even went up and stood on it, knocking on the door at the same time. "Hiya! James" I said. "I was close and was pretty thirsty, mind if I come in for a glass of water?". He opened the door but didn't invite me in, he waited for me to enter. I slowly lifted my foot and tried to step inside, and it worked. "IT WORKED!" I thought to myself. Making it hard for me not to laugh maniacally.

It worked


Vampires were a dying breed, once. The process of turning a human wreaked havoc on their bodies, and killed more than it saved. Technology was rapidly advancing in ways that it never had before; developing by its side was knowledge. Humans, those fragile things, were becoming wiser. Slowly, even for an immortal, but surely, they were learning.  


It was when the head of Vlad of Wallachia fell down the steps of his ancestral home that the eldest among us recognized the issue. These humans, our only source of sustenance, would be the death of us. A council was formed, made of the oldest and most fearsome of our ranks. Vampires, ever the lonely hunters, were quick to rebel against this new authority. But the Council had time, and so they waited. 


It took more than a century for the tides to turn in favor of the Council. The rebels were silenced by the humans, eventually. Each dissident met their end; some starved over the long hundred years, while some met their maker at the end of a stake. Our numbers were small, and our backs were against the wall. This was the world I was born into. 


I watched as the Council planned. They schemed and they operated alongside the humans they used to terrorize so. Mankind was coaxed through a genesis of sorts, the Industrial Revolution. As technology advanced more rapidly, so did the population. Our numbers grew in strength, but the Council urged caution and stringent measures. Humans had to be minded, like sheep in a field. 


And so we became shepherds of humanity. The Council had worked its way into every facet of human life, and had granted us the gift of free entry. Welcome mats are widespread and where they are not found, an ingrained politeness was our invitation instead. No establishment is barred to us, and no life sacred. A nocturnal lifestyle is acceptable, and pale features are fetishized. Gaunt, stretched features are prized above all, and blood can be bought and sold like any commodity (though it comes at a steep price). 


The Council still operates, but its hold over my brothers and sisters has weakened. We are wily and young, and adapted to human life in ways they could never dream of. We have evaded detection thus far, though they remain hermits, afraid of the world they themselves created. But it is to them that we owe our lives; vampires were a dying breed, once, and now we control the world.


"I hate this place" Maria thought as she stared out across the barren Transylvanian landscape. Leaning her head against the car window, misery tinged the blur of trees and rolling hills outside in grey. Nevermind that they were in fact mostly grey. 

Not even her pulp novel, purchased by a penitent parent, could hold her attention. If only her mother hadn't taken this new job, hadn't taken them away to this land of perpetual twilight. The strangling of the engine ended her reverie. "We are here".

Her parents could have at least tried to find a less ironic house. Towering gothic spires, a yawning entrance into the shingled maw of an old Victorian manor. Even a lone raven hopping around the yard and croaking curses at the new tenants. "Dracula vs Wolfman" tumbled out of her lap and underfoot as she emerged from the car. After unloading she found it lying in the mud, spine broken.

When darkness fell, there came a knock on the door.

Two pale middle aged women, one holding a casserole and the other a parcel wrapped in brown paper, smiled tightly. "Welcome to the neighborhood!" the one with the casserole trilled. Her mom, who had answered the door, invited them in. "Oh, that won't be necessary" the other woman replied, handing her mother the parcel. "Please enjoy this blood pudding as well. It takes some getting used to, but it is a local delicacy and in time you will learn to love it." Maria hung back during this exchange. Something about the women seemed off. Perhaps it was the way they smiled. Without showing their teeth. 

After they left, her mom unwrapped the package. It was a welcome mat. "Oh how thoughtful!" her mother exclaimed "See Maria? The people here are just as nice as in Pennsylvania". By the time her mother turned around after placing the mat in front of their door, Maria was already upstairs.

Midnight. The witching hour.

Maria woke up from dreams of dark shifting landscapes with an incredible thirst. She felt her way down the spiral stairs, clutching the banster to fight off disorientation from her concentric descent. The moon afforded just enough light for Maria to see movement in every shadow. 

Finally in the kitchen, she grabbed a glass from one of the many cardboard boxes stacked along the walls. Water gushed from the ancient pipes into her cup. She gulped it greedily, some dribbling down her chin, although it had an unpleasant metallic taste. Grimacing, she filled the cup again and turned back to her room. 

A figure loomed on the opposite side of the kitchen table, swallowing what little light was left in the room. Maria dropped the glass, shattering it on the ground. "Whwhwhat are you doing here?" She took a step back, too fearful to notice the broken glass piercing her bare feet.

"The same as you my child, a drink".


My parents were the sort of people who bought me a welcome mat as a house warming gift when I finally struck it out on my own. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against welcome mats, they're fine. They're the sort of thing that you don't buy when you first move into a new place. So, it's not like I had one already. But, it wasn't really something I particularly wanted, or even cared about having. My parents had no idea, or didn't really care, what I might actually want. They just wanted to give off the impression that they're nice people who do nice things, just as long as it didn't require any work. So buying me a house-warming gift was part of standard protocol, even if it was something I didn't particularly care for. 

I looked at it after I unwrapped it, it was so generic. It didn't even reflect anything about my style or interests. Just a gray mat with the word "Welcome" on it. I tried my best to smile and thank my parents, "Oh, thank you. I didn't have one of these already." 

My mom smiled back at me, "Now we can come and visit you any time we want." 

I looked back at her, puzzled. My dad answered my puzzled expression, "... because it says 'Welcome'." *Yes, very funny, dad.*

I thanked them again as their visit grew towards an end, and ushered them out. As we walked out the door together, I set the mat outside the door. I was glad I wouldn't be seeing them again for a while, but on the off-chance they would come to visit me, I wanted them to see I was using their gift.

But, I didn't get the once-in-a-while visits I was hoping for. They kept finding excuses to come and visit me. They wanted to make sure my fire alarms were in working order, or that my sink wasn't leaking, or that my shower floor wasn't too slippery. They wanted to come over to tell me about the latest crazy gossip they heard. They would complain about drama-filled lives, or complain that I wasn't calling them often enough. It just got more and more frequent the longer I lived away from home. They even started coming around at odd hours of the night. 

Finally, one time I came home, and my mom was there adjusting the furniture. I stared at her in disbelief, in front of the still-open door, as she nattered something about how I should really not have the TV across from the window. "... you would get a much better picture without all that glare..." 

"Mom," I said as I continued staring. I honestly didn't even know how she got in. "What are you doing here?" 

She stared back at me, with hurt eyes. "What? Is your own mother not allowed to visit? I didn't realize I wasn't welcome here." Then she started to cry. 

I immediately reacted by consoling her, "No, you're fine mom. Of course you're allowed to visit."

Her tears instantly vanished, and she went back to rearranging my furniture. I walked back out the door enraged. As I walked out fuming, I thought about what vampires my parents were. Then, I saw that stupid welcome mat still sitting there. I kicked it in frustration. But, after I kicked it, I saw something gold sticking out from underneath it. 

Under my welcome mat, there was a key.


"So tell me about this 'little' theory of yours again Michael", Vince said with an air of amusement. 


"It's not a theory, it's a fact. I may have been wrong about the fluoride in the drinking water and the Illuminati running everything but I know of a conspiracy that is far more sinister than aglets."


"Wait, what do you know about aglets? Umm, I mean... what are aglets?"


"Vince, they're the little plastic ends of your shoelaces. The shoemakers created them in a step of permanent, planned obsolence so that you'd have to buy more shoelaces when they break off and unravel."


"How many people believe this nonsense?"


"Not many, but that's not the main point here. Vampires created 'Welcome Mats' as a way to enter peoples homes easily."


"No, no you are mistaken. Vampires don't exist, but this mess about the aglets needs to be dealt with. Who else have you told about them?"


"Why do you care so much about the ag- you're one of them aren't you?"


"You know too much, my family and I make our living off everything surrounding shoes. DON'T FUCK WITH OUR BREAD AND BUTTER!"


*Michael Runs*


"Oh-ho-ho, a chase! Try your best, but I will catch you!"


"You're unreal, stop following me! I'm ENTERING MY HOME, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED IN!" *cocks shot gun and moves back a few steps*


"How long do you think you can hide in there Michael? A day, a week, a month?"


"Forever, I can work from home and order everything through Amazon bitch!"


"Oh, I'll show you who's the b-"

Vince trips off of the top step and crashes into the entryway of Michael's home. Only...


"You're leaning on air like some kind of preposterous mime, what the-"


As Michael crouches down to look under the body suspended in mid-air, Vince spits at Michael.


"Tatami mat-flip!"

And with vigor, a mat that lay on the ground of the inside doorway of Michael's house deflects the spit, but flies out of Michael's hands while landing at Vinces feet.

"That was a bit undignified of me Michael, but I do thank you for granting me entry to your home."


"I've done no such thing, what just happened here?"


Vince easily steps over the mat that bears the characters:

ようこそ

"Yōkoso Weeaboo. Welcome to hell. You're right about everything, but what happens next will be open to interpretation for each of the parties involved."


"Good evening-" He said. He barely had time for another word as the door was once again slammed in his face. Undeterred, he knocked again, a little more persistently this time. 

"Go away!" came the muffled reply from inside.

"Please, I just -". He sighed and rubbed the pale grey skin of his forehead with the back of his hand.
He leaned into the door, listening for the quickening heartbeat which echoed through the wooden door. It sounded delicious. But now was not the time for that. He was determined and relentless.

"I won't ask again. Please let me in. I just want to talk to you." He whispered, knowing his haunting voice would carry through the cracks in the heavy oak door and float like will'o'the wisps inside her head. She shook her head tearfully and put her hands over her ears, as if that would make some sort of difference.

" You leave me no choice. I'm sorry." He sighed as he put down the heavy leather suitcase he was carrying and clicked it open. He took out a rectangle of material and unfolded it, laying it flat an inch or so from the door. He pressed down on the contents of the suitcase and squeezed it closed again. Picking himself up from the floor, he observed the doormat he had just placed, grinning to himself, amused by its overly cheery 'welcome' message.

"Why, thank you" He smiled, bowing politely to the mat as he pushed open the door. Amidst the screams and panicked wailing he wondered as often he did, why it had to be so hard being a vampiric door-to-door salesman.

Disclaimer: this is my first writing prompt piece, hope you like it.


My shift is about to end, only one more minute. My boss flies above the mat manufacturing line and rings a bell. Everybody exhales nicely and we go home. The line bustles to an end and the materials are put away. Fur. Rubber. Shit like that. Shit to make mats.

My boss makes a killing off these mats because the best, most experienced and skilled vampires make a killing off of the blood they get using the mats compared to vampires who need to ask to come in, befriend, and then betray their new friends when everybody goes to sleep. These other guys only have to come during the day as a mat salesman and come back later after he's taken a shit or gotten lunch. Then he drains his patrons, resells the blood for profit, gets a real human meal with the 20 bucks they score off the mat, and buys *another* mat. Fuckin geniuses.

The only reason the rest of us factory workers don't do what they do is because we aren't exactly "good at selling," or   "people persons," or "human-like," or "can afford a suit, tie, and hat." Plus the mats are too fucking expensive for vampire money. Shit's like .001 on the dollar. We're basically slaves. Yet vampires. Somehow it works, stop asking questions.

This week I'm planning a heist because this week's paycheck won't be enough to pay rent. I know I should lay off the take-out food but I fuckin love me some panda express. What I'll do is wait up in a tree above old man jenkin's home, the only home in town without a welcome mat. Jesse Dentine is the best vampire salesman ever and has dibs on that house. But that doesn't mean he's good at defending himself. Before he reaches the door, I'll jump his cold-blooded ass and steal the mat. 

Here I am up in the tree looming over the walkway up to the front door... I'm waiting and feeling a little guilty, but it's for the best because men who steal are desperate: at least that's my excuse. Here he comes. I gotta time this right. Oh fuck, if I fail i'll be found out and late on rent. oh fuck oh fuck just JUMP ALREADY.

I land on top of him, crushing him into the ground. He's fuckin *dead*. Oh shit, I'm a murderer. How am I gonna cover this up? I can't leave the dead body because then human's will find out about us and kill our economy. Can you bury a vampire? What if you don't bury it 6 feet under? Will he become a zombie? Nevermind that I gotta hop Jesse and I outta here before old man jerkins finds us.. because then we'll *all* be fucked.


"It has to actually say Welcome. As amusing as 'You Better Have Tacos' is, it doesn't qualify'" 


"But Why? How does that even work, isn't the idea of having a doormat fundamentally set the conditions by which entry is expected" 



This was a standard argument between Shin and I, well in reality it wasn't an argument so much as an exploration of the systems by which our lives (or lack there of were governed). 



"The Humans have it so much simpler", A favorite quip of Shin, "They can have infinite interpretations of their scripture, and none of it ties to any sort of arbitrary rule sets.".



"They can't eat pork or something"



"Sure they can, they just don't, have you ever tried to enter a dwelling with 'The dog must approve all vistors', you physically can't. How real can their rules be if they aren't tied to some sort of consequence"


"It's not like you need to commit a felony to get blood these days I mean you can just buy..."


"That's not really the point. It just seems..."



"Seriously, this is the 100th time we have had this conversation", I started to get annoyed, "It should just be nice to know that there is a set of rules in place. The Humans have no actual evidence of anything. The fact that you can't enter a dwelling if there is any ambiguity should be comforting if anything. It implies that there is in fact a structure, and purpose to our existence. You don't have to believe, you simply know, and you know that other entities exist as well."



"Huh? What do you mean"



"Well think about it, Our experiments show that intent of the external party is necessary. That's why just saying the words 'Come in or Welcome' isn't enough. Otherwise 'don't come in', 'you're not welcome' etc. would all work. Knowing that the external party has to intend to invite you in is key. Humans don't have that, they can't tell if anyone else is anything more than a figment of their imaginations, they aren't really 'I think therefore I am" so much as they are 'I think therefore something is'"



"Yeah but what you're actually saying is that we aren't anything other than 'You think therefore I am' as we're interdependent", Shin said. "Doesn't that mean that we are potentially just figments of their imagination?"



"Yeah but at least you know the 'they' is there, 'they' can represent god, the matrix, the universal force, whatever... anyway are you going to hog the O-neg or what"



"Here", Shin tossed over the the container, and I caught it and took a good long drink.



"Phew", I said putting down the container, "One thing I'll say for 'they', their blood is top notch"



"Yeah, just wish 'they' weren't quite such officious bureaucrats", Shin Remarked. 



"Could be worse" I said "at least we don't randomly turn into dogs whenever the moon's out."


John Dongle stares out of a highrise, '*Huh, it's a full moon tonight.* He thought quietly to himself. 

"How can we increase sale!?!" shouted Joana in a horrible shrill.

Silence quickly returned, engulfing the seminar room.

"We have other products to worry about." Milton's curt response, in his awfully familiar monotone voice, failed to aid their situation. 

"This is serious." John Dongle replied.

Milton rolled his eyes "You are all too picky, too lazy or too cheap. There is always quality blood at the red cross, stalking prey at night is ***not*** hard, and there are plenty of people who still *have* mats."

Joanna, and half of the other the members blushed in embarrassment, refusing to meet his blank expression that after such a condescending response. The rest looked at him with spite, but could think of no response.

John Dongle turned to look at his subordinates and met Milton's gaze with the up most disappointment "Are you saying you you are incapable of increasing sales? If so, you should leave right now." 

Milton, got up and began to leave "It's not worth our time, if you can't listen to reason then fire me. You have no legal right to keep me here and I will not quit."

He stopped, and in a seemingly patronizing voice he bowed and said "Good night, my king."

John Dongle yelled "***YOU HAVE NOTHING SO YOU QUIT!?! WE WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND MAKE YOU SUFFER!!!***" It echoed through the building, the yell reverberating through each and everyone of them. 

Milton stood, expressionless, genuinely considering whether John Dongle was being sincere. It was definitely out of character. Milton could not conceive of how a vampire could be so human. Alas, he new he had to go with the safest option. took off his coat, hung it and sat back down very robotic like.

The room was tense, no one said a word. Milton sat there, thinking. Everyone was locked on either Milton or John Dongle. Only Joana was switching between staring at Milton or watching John Dongle carefully.

"Well, what if we gave them out for free." his monotone response provided release from the tension of John Dongles threat and their situation but his blasé manner further infuriated everyone.

John Dongle laughed, "You should be the King of the Night."

Milton smiled, in what could only be described as a warm smile. Yet, this was the first time anyone of them had seen ***it*** smile. The temperature dropped, goosebumps, and then Milton responded cheerfully "Anytime Johnathan, anytime."


Following the path up the side of the hill had been difficult. More difficult than it should have been by far. The blood loss was really starting to affect him now. A half mile left? A quarter perhaps? He supposed it didn’t really matter. If he didn’t find a source to replace the blood he’d already lost.. was still losing.. it might as well be across the universe because he wasn’t going to make it.

How had it come to this? One such as he should have never been in this position. One such as he should have known better. Why had he risked it? He had been hungry, yes, but not starving. Certainly not hungry enough to risk attacking a hunting cabin with so many armed humans gathered together in one place. For Christ’s sake he hadn’t even waited until they were sleeping. He had just walked up to the door, saw the welcome mat and……….


[On mobile, will reformat later].  
[Story complete, many fixes on the way.]

Melvin and Marlene had been living as a happy couple, roaming the Continental US as regular tourists, taking in all the sights to be seen at every city of every state, to occupy their time awarded them for just so happening to be century-old vampires. They could spin a yarn of stories so long that it could wrap up the Empire State Building as some sort of festive cozie. Or at least, they thought so. That's the next destination for this adventurous couple. The Big Apple. The sights, the smells, the food, the... *other* food... etc.

Having booked a red-eye flight to the big city, Melvin and Marlene were very anxious. Miami was a hot and, frankly, very sunny place. More sun means more sunscreen, and applying sunscreen by the handful every thirty minutes is a lot of trouble. Sure, brimmed hats make life easier, but how do you swim with one of those!? New York, New York was the perfect place to go. Further north, less sun, lower medical bills on account of burns. It's very hard to relay your medical history as a vampire. One can't exactly admit that their auntie Griselda has been prone to frequent fainting due to a change of diet in the early 1600's.

The young-looking couple shuffle off of their plane, make their way through baggage claim, and head off to their appointed destination. They had rented a small apartment for a few months because they could no longer make use of their minibus as a sort of "home base" in such a blustering metropolis. This traffic was atrocious, and parking meters are more tedious to pay off than a blood pact with a wendigo. The overpayed taxi driver drops the Caves off at the intended complex for their three month stay, and they make their way to room 101, the landlord's personal room. They knock, and a short lady in pink answers the door.

"Wowee, when you said late, you weren't kidding! Did the plane fly across the Pacific!?"  
"Sorry, miss Anderson, we couldn't, ah, *afford* to take a day plane."  
"What do you mean? Shouldn't day and night flights be about the same? And if you can't afford a plane ticket, what makes you think you can afford rent in such a city as this?"  
Marlene didn't know how to respond. It's hard to apply sunscreen IN a plane, let alone bring it in her carry on through the checkpoint. She smiled nervously. And awkwardly. *Just drop it, lady!*, she thought. *You're making me incredibly uncomfortable!*  
Miss Anderson seemed to get the point. She turned to the more silent partner of the Caves.  
"You must be Mr. Melvin, I presume? Cat got your tongue?"  
"More times than I care to count, ma'am."  
She chortled. *What a strange man. What a strange* ***couple***.

Miss Anderson showed them to room 306, their designated living quarters for the next three months. A quick tour, and she was out. 3:30 am doesn't wear well on the older folks, and Miss Anderson was older than she liked to admit.

Melvin and Marlene looked around a while. Fridge, beds, sofa, TV, you name it, it was there. They were ecstatic. This was their first time to actually stay IN a  city, rather than near one. Night flights were going to be so gorgeous, and watching the new year's fireworks from on top of a skyscraper rather than on TV or from the ground? Priceless. Marlene needed to get out, even if for just a few minutes. The weather was sublime, and if she flew high enough, she might even see the stars.

She told Melvin she was going out.  
"Hmmmmm.... Go for it. I'm rather in the mood for a nap."  
Marlene opened the window and jumped off the balcony. She fluttered towards the heavens, and dove into the ever-active city. It was like soaring through a tunnel of lights, a florescent valley. Exhilarating, haphazardous, and ever so gleeful, Marlene graced the skies with self-named "Woopdi Do's" and "Whirly Bird's." She had her fun, but she needed to get back home.

She lands on the window sill, and immediately realizes a problem.  
"Melvin.... May I come in?"  
". . . What do you-. . . Damn."  
How exactly do you explain that you need your landlord to be the one to put a welcome mat on your balcony?


The immortals are crumbling like dry leaves.

I watch one as I leave Marge's Cafe with my usual paper cup of coffee. There is a woman standing on the opposite street corner in a trench coat, her hair sleek black, her face as faultless as fine china.

And all it takes is a harsh wind.

She falls away in tiny pieces. Her hands claw helplessly at her disintegrating belly with fingers whose flesh sloughes off in sheets like wet paper. She reaches for her face, but then that too clouds up into dust and is gone. Her scream starts and dies in her throat.

And just like that, she smacks down like a broken puppet. A near-instant death, and still it doesn't seem fast enough.

Her scream keeps echoing in the back of my mind. I think it will always be there, waiting for me, when the world grows quiet enough for me to hear her once more.

Like any decent human would, I stick around for EMS. I call and call, but I can't get through to 911. Someone happening by stops over the body, kicking up clouds of this woman's dust. The woman looks to be my age, one of the lost, one of the few humans left doomed to die.

She sighs through her teeth. "Bad luck, the lot of them."

I stare at her. "What do you mean?"

"Turns out us Lost will be last after all." She winks, like we share a kind of secret just by being born on the wrong side of the cut-off for immortality. As if there's any real camaraderie in our Lost Generation. "The immortals are all just... vanishing. It's on the news, dearie."

And then she keeps on walking, as though we were only chatting about the weather.

It's early still. The cool morning air is so placid and peaceful, her words impossible on a morning as bright and sunny as this. As if death could not happen under such a perfect blue sky.

I run to the car. It has been a while, since I ran. Decades, at least. 

My wife still runs. She's always teasing me, calls me an old man as she pecks a good morning kiss to my lips. Slaps my aching knees and says, "That's your penance for being born too early."

And I always laugh at her and say, "Hey, I know I won't be the one dying alone." Half a joke, really. Always dancing around the inevitable and morbid reality: I would end, and she would keep on going. With any luck, it would be forever. We had both made our peace with that.

The radio is buzzing, mad. It's already all over the news. There's some scientist babbling about dew point, the relative wetness of the air. 

"As the world gets hotter and hotter, and the air gets drier and drier, it appears that the cells lose their stability and their ability to maintain struc--"

I flip the radio off. And I drive like hell.

Panic drives me forward like a thing possessed. I throw my coffee out the window and veer through still-empty streets back to my home, where my wife should still be lying in bed, just about to roll up and face the dawn. She will open the window and listen to the birds convince her to rise and make a cup of tea.

In my mind, she looks as lovely as the day we married. She makes the deep ruts of my skin seem like valleys, but she still palms my cheeks in her hands and tells me every day, *I love you, Mr. Weston,* and I smile back and say, *I don't know why, Mrs. Weston.*

But when I get there, the window is shut. The bed is as empty as the rest of the house. I call and call and scream for her, but the house answers back with nothing but silence.

So I go to the bed where this morning she lay curled like a question mark beside me. I had kissed her shoulder and slipped out as soundlessly as an eighty-year-old-man wearing every weight of his age could hope.

I lift back the blanket.

There awaits me only bones and so much ash. I try to scoop her up in my palms but she is nothing but wind and air.

And I am suddenly, impossibly alone.

***

/r/shoringupfragments


Every year, I felt a little bit older than I should on my birthday. And each year, I shuffled into the Lost Generation clinic to see baby\-faced Dr. Sherwood to report the sensation.

“Ah Mr. Murray! The same thing every year! We’ve been talking about this for the last 10 years!” Dr. Sherwood laughed.

“And every year you look the same, but I get older,” I grumbled.

“You know I can’t go back in time and give you Renuxia. It just wasn’t safe for people over 26. Something about the telomeres at 26 caused the body to go into a hyperinflammatory, hyperaging state that caused rapidly fatal heart attacks,” Dr. Sherwood gazed off into the distance.

“Read that in the history books, did you?” I sneered.

“Now Mr. Murray, I may not have been around when they first started giving Renuxia, but I have been in practice for 20 years now. And I can assure you that the symptoms you are describing are completely consistent with the normal aging process. You have all of your faculties about you. Your memory is sharp as a tack!”

Dr. Sherwood paused, but I did not have anything to say.

“Becoming more fatigued and feeling like time is passing more slowly is consistent with the normal aging process. If it is interfering with your daily activities though, it could be an early sign of depression. I know your wife recently passed…” Dr. Sherwood gave a therapeutic pause.

“I miss her, but that’s normal after you’ve been with someone for over fifty years. I don’t feel depressed though. Promise.”

“Okay, well if you ever need anything for depression or just want to talk, you have my number,” Dr. Sherwood seemed satisfied with his extension of availability.

“I just cannot shake the feeling that the years are going by more slowly. Isn’t there some way to test that?”

Dr. Sherwood gave a bemused smile. “Mr. Murray, I’m afraid that’s quite out of my discipline. Perhaps you could phone a physicist? Anyway, it’s good to see you sir. Have Doris get your bloodwork before you go. See you back in 6 months!”

‘Maybe I will,’ I thought as I walked out of the office. My brother\-in\-law was still kicking and had been an aerospace engineer in an earlier life. Maybe he would know how to test my theory.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

“Hey Chuck, how you been?” I had not talked to him since the funeral.

“Not bad Rick. How you holding up?" Chuck answered over the video feed.

“Can’t complain. Getting old as you can see,” I grinned half\-heartedly.

“Look Chuck, I know we haven’t spoken in a while, but I just have to ask you a physics question. It’s been bugging me.”

Chuck was used to my dumb questions though he sometimes got tired of them I think.

“How could we tell if time was slowing down?” I asked, expecting a glare or an eye roll.

Chuck’s face tightened and he leaned forward into the video feed.

“I’m going to call you from a secure feed,” he said seriously.

The feed went blank.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

“Pardon my language Chuck, but just what the hell is going on?” I thought, realizing that Dr. Sherwood was probably wrong after all.

“You feel it too?” Chuck asked with cautious excitement.

“Of course I feel it. Every year it gets worse. This year it felt like my birthday took almost two years to get here.” I was underestimating a bit. The eighty\-four to eighty\-five transition felt like my entire childhood.

As if reading my thoughts, Chuck said, “That’s it? I would have said five years at least.”

Chuck’s eyes shifted nervously back and forth.

“Look, I’ve been trying to figure this out for a few years now. I thought I was crazy. I asked a bunch of people who took Renuxia and they don’t seem to feel it. But all the Lost Generation folks who are willing to answer the question – all of them agree that they’ve felt it.”

I stared blankly at the monitor.

“So I got an old NASA buddy to help check the atomic clocks. All of them are in sync. If you just look on Earth, time appears to be flowing normally.”

Just on Earth? My eyes widened.

“But if we compare satellite feeds to earth clocks, there is a clear time distortion as the satellite gets older. Voyager I says we’re almost 60 years behind.”

“That’s about how long it’s been since Renuxia was released,” I discovered aloud.

“Exactly. I just don’t know who to talk to. I’m afraid that if I talk to the parent company of Renuxia, they’ll squash the information and maybe me along with it. And if I bring it to Capitol Hill, well, they’re the ones that mandated Renuxia in the first place.”

“So what do we do?” I asked incredulously.

“Just give me a bit more time. There are some really interesting discoveries in the field of quantum theory that could explain this and maybe even figure out a way to reverse it.”

I hung up the phone without a goodbye. Secure feeds only stay secure for so long.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

After a restless sleep, I awoke to Margo barking.

“What’s wrong girl? You never bark!”

Margo began to whimper and paw at the front door. Must have to pee.

I opened the front door and Margo sprinted out the front gate.

“Damnit! Margo! Come back here!”

Before I realized it, I was out in the middle of the street, looking across a chaotic scene. Cars piled up, apparently abandoned after the accidents. Oddly – only a few of the wrecks had bodies in them. A few mangled Lost Generation corpses. But no Ageless Generation bodies as far as the eye could see. Had they all just gotten up and walked away? I didn’t remember Renuxia causing fast healing as a side effect.

Margo had stopped at one of the car wrecks and was whining. Inside was Chuck, apparently unconscious, but alive.

I ran up to the car. The accident seemed fairly minor, but an old\-timer like Chuck could have bled into his brain even from a minor trauma.

“Chuck! Chuck! Wake up!” I yelled.

Chuck’s eyes flitted and he turned his head.

“I had to tell you in person Rick. Looks like I chose the wrong time to be on the road.”

“Tell me what?”

“We figured it out. The Renuxia was creating a temporal dissociation. Everyone who took it was able to move through time without being affected by it. For the rest of us, time around us and within us proceeded as normal. The discrepancy created a temporal dissociation.”

“So what happened to everyone who took it?! They all just vanished?” I took another survey of the wrecked cars.

“Temporal correction. I knew it was coming, but I didn’t know it would happen this soon. It has only ever been theoretical in the past. Never had anything to produce it before.”

“Well we’re right fucked then aren’t we? Humanity is over! All the young folks are dead!” My heart was racing.

“Renuxia was later found to be most effective when given as a series. And that doesn’t start until age 5…” Chuck trailed off.

“Better start rounding up the kids.” I turned and walked toward the neighbor’s house where I could now hear a wan cry that had been drowned out previously by Margo’s barking.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

Edit: I'm so glad that so many people enjoyed this! And thank you for all of your comments. Constructive, thoughtful, interesting.


The vWall in my apartment flickered to life, a flash immediately appearing to signal an emergency bulletin.

I stopped gumming my sandwich long enough to hit the mute button before that fucking baby President Burris started talking. They all looked like babies to me. It'd been long enough that I couldn't remember being that young, feeling that young. It made it hard to empathize with all of the pomp and circumstance of the office of the presidency when a kid was gabbing at you.

Was I bitter? Sure. Maybe a little. But still. Fucking babies. 

I heard he was on the high end of pill\-kids. Maybe only a few years younger than me, though he didn't look it. I watched him for a few moments, taking a bit of amusement in the pulsing vein in his forehead while my finger hovered over the unmute button. He was looking particularly distressed today. Must be hard having everlasting life.

Probably an update on that volcano rolling through Hawaii for the last sixty years. Heaven to hell in under a century.

A chiron scrolled across the bottom, blaring "EMERGENCY: VITA26 DEFECTS."

Well, that was new. My finger pressed the unmute and I took a bite of my ham and cheese as Burris squeaky kid voice emitted from the vWall.

"\-\-drastic ramifications for the health of our society. We currently have no estimation on what it will take to rectify the situation as all genetic manipulations have become inert in V26 takers."

My jaw slowly hung open, a half ground piece of ham plopping out onto my plate. What was that? I wave my hand in front of the vWall, rewinding the message by a minute.

"Current studies produced by our Department of Health, the United Nations and the Chinese Ministry of People have all reached the same conclusion: V26 has a detrimental side effect. The side effect was not originally discovered since longitudinal surveys only encompassed 10 year periods. Initial signs manifest approximately fifty years with a rate of deterioration varying based on genetic composition." 

What the hell was he going on about? What critical side effect? 

"We have tried a vast cross section of remedies with no solutions in sight. Clearly, this has drastic ramifications for the Department of Health. We currently have no estimation on what it will take to rectify the situation as all genetic manipulations have become inert in V26 takers."

Ok, I got that part, which was alarming in and of itself. Gene\-therapy, ever since CRISPR has been the hallmark of modern civilization. I was old, but I wasn't dying. I had another thirty or forty left in me thanks to gene therapy.

"To repeat, people exhibiting the symptoms of V26 degradation are to be considered EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. If you see someone exhibiting these signs, you are to call the number appearing on your screen."

Burris was reduced to a small picture\-in\-picture in the corner, with a large graphic appearing. On top there was a CDC number for those showing V26 Syndrome. Below, the symptoms were listed out.

*Deterioration in higher mental reasoning.*

*Deterioration in physical coordination.*

*Extreme violence.*

*Cannibalism.*

Fucking cannibalism? This shit got real in a hurry. Wait a second. My eyes scanned down through the list of symptoms again. This was all sounding a bit too familiar, like those old scary movies from my youth.

Zombies. They were all turning in to zombies.

Shit. The old guy never lives in zombie movies.

**Platypus out.**

**Want more peril?** r/PerilousPlatypus


They told us we wouldn’t get Alzheimers.

Technically, they were right.

The ads plastered on every billboard, livestream, and website promised Ephoebus would preserve our body and brain’s critical functions.  The generation young enough to take it would have the quick wits of a twenty-something combined with the wisdom of an elder.  Who could refuse that?

Emily didn’t.

No matter how much we argued, no matter how many times I brought up the risks, the lack of long-term trials on the drug.  That she’d be mortally dependent on it for the rest of her life.  She compared me to technophobic conspiracy theorists, or the religious fundamentalists who glorified the prospect of death.

Apparently, I was jealous, controlling, afraid of death.  That I wanted to be young enough to be chosen.

Maybe she was right.  Maybe I resented the prospect of being left behind by the whole world, of fading into obscurity and nonexistence.  But after a few months of her taking it, it didn’t matter anymore.  She was hooked for life, and I had to watch myself grow old while my wife stayed as young and flawless as the day we met.  My skin wrinkled, my hair started coming out, and my wife stopped looking at me the same way, no matter how many times we professed our eternal love.

Divorce was messy, painful, full of scary questions and scarier answers.  So we just lived together in apathy, and let our romance decay piece by piece just as my body did.

We saw it for the first time on the news, after catching the occasional rumor from conspiracy forums and message boards.

Hou Fen, a Taiwanese immigrant and the first person to take Ephoebus, was found by the police in his house two weeks after his hundredth birthday.  The bodies of his husband and daughter were in the basement, dissected and hung on meat hooks in his living room.

In recordings of police interrogations, he looked mildly bemused and nonchalant about his slaughter, stating that he was simply curious to see what their insides looked like.

He was the first Ephoebus user to make international headlines.  But not the last.

It took teams of neuroscientists and psychologists a few weeks to determine the cause.  The drug preserved reasoning, creativity, and memory perfectly.  But not emotional range.  At a certain point around people’s hundredth birthday, their minds snapped, and all empathy, love, and moral compass rotted away in a matter of weeks.

Pure sociopaths, cropping up by the millions around the globe.

Mass shootings and homicides became a near-daily occurrence on the evening news.  Not just from the elderly who lost their humanity, unable to stop taking the drug without dying, but among the young as well, terrified that their aging relatives would butcher them in their sleep.

It took less than a month for the president to declare martial law, and mandate immediate registration for every citizen over the age of 98.

The sound of shouting and our front door being kicked down stirred me from my sleep.  Already awake, Emily helped pull me to my feet and handed me my walking stick.  We walked into our living room to the sight of a police officer training a taser on us.

“Mrs. Emily Wilson.  You are to be detained by order of executive order nine-one-four-five-one, under suspicion of Ephoebus Decay!”

“Excuse me, what the fuck?”  I stepped in between him and Emily, raising a hand.  “What the fuck is going on?”

The officer stepped around me, training his weapon on Emily.   “New emergency order.  Zero-risk policy.  Your wife turns one hundred in a month, which means she’s got a few weeks at best before becoming one of them.  If she isn’t already.”

“And what next?  You put us in a camp?”  Emily clenched her teeth.  “Fuck you.  Constitutional rights.  You want to arrest me, charge me, asshole.”

He pulled the trigger, shooting the fins from his taser into her chest.

Emily fell to the ground, twitching.  He started kicking her, driving the heel of his boot into her chest again and again.  She cried out in pain, whimpering, tears streaming down her cheeks.

It only seemed to heighten his rage.  “Manipulative fuck.  You socios can fake any emotion you want.  Isn’t that right?”  He kept kicking her, ignoring her screams and my shouting.

“Stop, stop it!  We’ll come quietly!  Stop!”  The tension in my shoulders reached a breaking point.  I heard a rushing in my ears, felt my body move almost unconsciously, and a thud of impact on my hand.

I blinked.  A kitchen knife was in my hand, plunged into the side of his neck.  The officer turned to look at me, almost stunned that an old man was capable of such a feat.  Then the blood poured from the wound and he dropped to the floor, gurgling.

I pulled the taser fins out of Emily, and cradled her as she sobbed into my arms.  We sat together on the floor, frozen in shock, unable to process what had just transpired for I don’t know how long.  As my breathing steadied, and I felt my heart rate slow, I gazed around the room, staring at the body of the dead cop on our living room floor, surrounded by a pool of blood.

I pushed myself upright, ignoring the stabs of pain from my back.  “Come on, Emily.  Get up.”  I offered my hand, helping her pull herself upright, and inhaled.  “I don’t know how.  I don’t know if it’s even possible.  But we’re going to find a cure. 
 Whatever it takes, I'm going to keep you from breaking.”

I grasped her hands, kissing her on the cheek.  “Grab what you can carry.”

We left the house in our car, driving for the border, fleeing the sound of sirens.


It wasn't that we suddenly realized all at once.  Bunch of us older folks noticed something was... off about them.  We tried to say something, but each time we were doubted.  And honestly, we couldn't help but doubt ourselves: our wisdom and ability to self reflect blinded us. Because of this, it took a lot longer than was probably reasonable or necessary before our suspicions were confirmed.  I'm not going to say that old cliche line "by then, it was too late.", because it wasn't.  The cure was simple: stop taking the drug.  Many went into denial either because they were already too far gone in their insanity or too scared to take the leap.  I couldn't blame them.  Those that got off the drugs aged dramatically.  In a week, they caught back up to speed.  Many of those that made the healthy decision couldn't handle the shock of getting old.  Most of them went into depression and no amount of reassurance and advice could alleviate the pain.  I could imagine what it was like to be old, but I had decades of resignation to prepare me. I slowly learned to make the best of it, but they thought they were free.  


Truly free.


So many of them that had the courage to quit the drug either drugged themselves numb on something else or quit all together.  Not many of the "Free Generation" remains, and it's mostly those who had only started on the drug very recently.  They are too young to fend for themselves.  So alot of us older folks that are still around have been talking: We had to try the drug ourselves.  There are too many to care for and so few of us left.  Senior healthcare funding and research dried up after the drug, but our medicine outside of fighting old age was beyond imaginable.  We knew the side effects would kick in much, much earlier for us. But, we just needed a few more years.  Without it, there just wasn't enough time.  


--PART 2--


With no alternative, we agreed on a plan.  Those useless otherwise would use the drug immediately; this meant the bedridden, dying, and/or utterly senile.  We didn't ask for consent, but most of them wanted the drug their whole lives anyways.  I knew I did.  But, there were those who still bitterly hated the drug and refused it.  They remembered the tears they wept as they hopelessly begged the pharmaceutical committee to reconsider.  They told me stories of how even their children saw them differently and were ashamed of them.  They wept through the agony of still loving them in spite of this; they were just happy that their children at least wouldn't have to fear death anymore.  One even admitted to wanting to die quickly so that their children would stop being picked on.  

"As long as I am their parent, they could never be free."

"It'd be better if the children forgot about us altogether."

But reality and fate were much crueler, their children though ungrateful died before them anyways.  Despite all that they went through, the drug was nothing more than a poison that took what they held most dear away from them.  They rightly demanded an explanation as to why they should trust us.  Some accused us of delusion, callousness, and fraud.  Rarely could I find any surviving grandchildren, so I brought along the orphans of strangers and plead the best I could.  Though they had every reason to refuse, by some miracle not one refused.  Many covered their eyes and wept as we administered the injection; slowly their wrinkles smoothed out and old aches and scars disappeared.

For the rest of us, we tried to delay the injection for as long as humanely possible.  With the fate of the world resting on our shoulders, we suddenly received a new lease on life.  It seemed some  notion of 'we can't die now' reach our bodies as many of us noticed less aches and pains.  

We were still careful.  We slept in pairs and strung 24/7 vitals monitors.  The moment any of us flatlined, our partners would administer the injection right away and begin resuscitation. The drug usually alleviated the cause of death, but only bought us a set finite amount of time: we would age backwards until we died.  We called it B. Button Syndrome after the famous short story.  If there was a cure, we would definitely not receive it in time.  We joked that it wasn't the first time we would miss out and we didn't want to find out what the side effects for "the cure" were going to be anyways.


The gunsmoke lingers lazily about a foot in front of me, sharp smell of sulfurous anger assaults my nostrils, foreign yet familiar. The smoke gently obscures the writhing psychopath on my floor, bleeding out all over my goddamn berber carpet that I just had cleaned not even a week ago. As the blood soaks in a widening pool around this weirdo, I muse that perhaps I should lay down a darker color sometime soon. His gurgles and wet shrieks snap me back, and I retrain my pistol on him, just in case he gets a second wind and decides to get squirrely again. Can't ever really tell with these gene\-freaks, ever since that drug hit the market some 60 someodd years ago and everyone was sold the promise they could live forever, shit just kinda has been going downhill. I was too old when they started handing out that drug, whatever it was called. PermaLife? VitaLife? I can't fucking remember these days. I was too old, but I had a funny feeling about it. A man shouldn't trust strangers in fancy suits when they talked about money, souls or beauty, and this certainly qualified. Everybody wanted to stay pretty, got to stay pretty, right down to the genetic level. Problem was it was too good to be true\- these kids apparently never heard of Microsoft Windows. Always wait a while before buying a brand new product\- it's always rushed and there are always problems they didn't account for. Except this time this product gave your whole brain a blue screen of death. Polymyelinating Colloidal Hyperagitation, the people with pay grades bigger than mine called it. Rest of us just called it the Giggles. Turns out, even though you can keep the body looking young, the mind's a different matter. Damn thing can only process so much information, it has to evolve in order to keep your sanity. That's why you start forgetting shit when you're older than dirt like me. Problem is the new drug stopped the brain from being able to do that. So it just kept getting overstimulated like someone threw a Chevy in neutral and kept pressing the pedal. Some folks, younger ones, handle it a little better, but get up to my age chronologically and everything starts to go catty whompers eventually. Nerves and neurons fuse and flare, too much electroconductivity happens in the brain, too much hyperperfusion, throws 'em into a state of superacute psychosis\- at least that's what it says in the fine print. The brainiac's are still throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks, but they at least got the warning out about, oh 10 minutes before everything took a massive shit all over the place. 

Speaking of shit, the smell of voided bowels cuts through the smoke and let's me know that pissboy here isn't going to be getting back up. I poke him in the balls with the end of my cane, for good measure. Anyone can shit themselves, but no matter how psycho you are, you react when someone jabs a metal rod in your balls. I stick 'em a few times, and nothing in his rictus\-grin face shows me he's still on this earth. I punch a few buttons on my recessed wall communicator and wait until the swirling 'standby' notice disappears. 

"Got another one, eh, Bill?" my neighbor Rich damn near scares the shit out of me as he appears in my doorway suddenly

"Christ almighty, Richie, you almost got your ticket punched too, ya asshole." I realize I'm pointing my pistol at his chest, and lower it, feeling the jolt of adrenalin course through me. I ride the hammer home and tuck the piece in my holster in my waistband. 

Richie shrugged. "You'd be doing me a favor. Get me off this train wreck before it gets really bad." he shuffles to the doorway, holding on to the doorjamb for balance. Richie could probably use a cane or a walker of some sort, but he's either too proud or too stupid to get one. "What's this, number four now?"

"Something like that. You want a coffee, Richie? I was about to put a pot on." I say, waving him in. The wall caller still tells me to standby. 

"Maybe. Was thinking about taking a walk down to McCarveys. Maybe pick Annette up on the way, wanna tag along?" 

"I dunno, Richie. Is McCarveys even still standing? Either way, I don't feel like blasting my way through a dozen more of these loonies just for some watered\-down bourbon." The swirling standby message has stopped, then disappeared, and a new message prompting me to select what service I need comes up. I hit medical, police and sanitary, then hit send. The standby message reappears. 

"It's strange." Richie says suddenly.

"What's that, now?"

"I says, it's strange. I'm looking at this freako, here, and in my mind I'm thinkin', 'what a waste of a life.' Then somewhere some other part reminds me this thing is about as old as we are, just about. It's just a weird thing to rectify, mentally. Ya know?" Richie says, tapping the head of the dead guy with his shoe. 

"Yeah. I just think it's funny that this shithead wanted to live forever and ended up dying before I did." I chuckled, and Richie smiles and shakes his head. Irony's a bitch. 

The wall caller chirps and an automated voice asks me what the nature of my emergency is. 

"Well, it;'s not an emergency per se, but there is a dead guy on my floor, so I figured someone should be alerted." I say. You know your old when you hate people but still consider the 'good ol days' to be when someone with a pulse answered an emergency call. 

"You stated; someone has died. Is this correct?" the wall caller asks.

"Yep."

"Can you identify the cause of death?" the wall caller asks. I think for a moment. 

"Acute traumatic exsanguination." I reply. Richie snorts a chuckle. The line goes silent for a few seconds. 

"Do you have reason to believe that the deceased is an individual who may have taken MetaLife brand chemical supplements?" the wall caller asks, except this time the tinny voice has changed into someone a bit more authoritative. I hesitate, knowing where this is heading. 

"It's certainly not outside the realm of possibility." I respond. I swear I can hear the wall caller click in frustration. 

"A representative from Foundation Pharmaceuticals is being dispatched along with police, medical and fire to your location. Please do not touch or alter the deceased. If you have animals or pets, please secure them away from the deceased. Do not ingest bodily fluids from the deceased. Do not..."

I sigh, knowing what's going to come next. The suits will show up, grill me for the next three hours over what happened, scold me for not taking the subject alive or alerting them while he was still alive, then they'll look at my record and start accusing me of all kinds of things like manslaughter or freak hunting, all while denying that there's any connection between their product and the near billion and growing number of people around the globe showing similar effects, there will be gag orders, I'll have to lawyer up...

"...in the deceased's mouth, nostrils, or any other oriface. Do you have any questions or comments before we terminate this call?"

"Yeah." I say, grabbing an extra loaded magazine from my kitchen drawer, "I'll be down at McCarvey's on 4th street if you need me."


They met when he was thirty-four, and she was still seventeen -only with seven extra years worth of wisdom. They loved each other even more passionately than they despised the rules the government had put in place, because meeting someone his age, at this time, and still falling in love knowing you'll lose them; well, that's real love. 

For a while, they both accepted it. She knew that if she lost him then she'd kill herself, and she'd prefer to do that later rather than sooner. So, they married, and joined the last generation of lovers who'd be separated by death. 

But, the years flew by for her, and she only noticed them in him. The promise of death constantly nagged at her mind, but the chance of an eternal life with him gave her endless hope for the future. She set a plan in motion, and worked to save their lives. 

Fifteen years later, she earned a position working in a building that administered the death cure. Not working directly with the cure; The government didn't trust those who still had close ties to the lost generation, even after they'd divorced to increase her chances. He had hated going through with the divorce, but she didn't care. Laws and norms meant nothing to her now, all that mattered was the endless love she chased. 

With amazing difficulty, she stole a dose of the cure and saved them both. She was sure to be wanted by the authorities by now, and his appearance was well-aged and would eventually become a dead giveaway, so they left their society behind them and started a new life. 

They found peace in the wilderness, and started their endless life together. Every day they loved one another, and, somehow, their love managed to grow even stronger each day. Their life was passionate bliss, and they knew it'd last forever. 

Then, one day, she couldn't get out of bed. She hadn't been sick in decades, and he looked back to society for an answer. They hadn't used the old radio for years, and when it crackled to life, it brought death.  

All around the world, people were experiencing the cure's only side effect. She'd soon start to lose her mind, and eventually her life. 

"Kill me.." she'd said after hearing the news, but he couldn't. He knew he was being weak, but he could never bring himself to do it. 

"I'll stay with you until you're gone, just like you would have." 

He stayed at her bedside at all hours, barely sleeping or eating; and she laid there, loving him as passionately as ever, slowly going mad, and as did she, so did he.  
 
/r/BeagleTales


I leaned forward in my recliner, imploring the volume to rise from the TK implant. It wasn't real telekinesis but marketing teams thought it was cool to call it that. The retirement home seemed quieter than normal.

Everyone was tuning in.

The news cycle for the past few weeks had grown worse. People going missing then. Mass disappearances. Wild fires raging globally. Strings of arsons. Several space stations had even had catastrophes. Even on Mars there were occurrences.

And no one taking credit.

As the reason was revealed, I was glad that I never had kids.

The Immortals, essentially every one to be born since the anti-aging drug's release, were a literal ticking time bomb.

It artificially restored telomeres through chemical means but it seemed to eventually fail in a catastrophic chain reaction.

People gooified. Then the goo reduced to base elements of oxygen and hydrogen, then the spark of phosphorus hitting air. Spontaneous combustion.

The failure rate was 100%. There was no way to prevent it once the body reached a tolerance to the drug.

It was even transgenerational.

People were frantic to call family. I dreaded reaching out to a friend as the news started to go to talking heads who's youthful faces perspired fear.

The poor bastards. I let a slow breath, trying to not get worked up. 

It was bad enough to have family die to it. Seeing young and vital people die after getting so advanced years resonated in me. My bitterness and regret at being aged out had long dried up. It was wrenching to hear the sobs from the nurse's station from the Immortals that took care of us. Poor Gina, she was nice. My lips drew tight as emotions began to well in me.

There were so few not on the drug, few brave enough to age and face oblivion. But the majority of them were the fundimentalist Christians who thought it was wrong to "play God." There were a few in the home. They were self-righteous and ignorant. Often a case of sour grapes more than a devotion of faith.

When the calmly smiling, pastor-slash-pundit appeared in my Holo-Screen and declared it "Rapture." I knew his face all too well. I had interned with the pharmaceutical company that made the drug during my biochemistry degree all those years ago. Funny how an R&D head could be born again. He was a self proclaimed Malthusian, which translates readily to immoral capitalist often enough. He had the CEOs ear because they were in the same fraternity.

I had disliked his sliminess then but I suddenly loathed him and his Evangelical helmet hair.

My chest began to seize with an extreme pressure coinciding with a terrible revelation. The nurses where too deep in sudden existential dread to care about my alerts pinging their implants. I tried to calm myself. Desperately and in vain. But I was old and my body couldn't take the burning implication in my brain.

The bastards had given a faulty drug but they had a plan. Now that people would live long enough to care that the Earth was fucked. Sweeping legalisation had pulled us from the brink of extinction. People had an infinite future so the made damn sure there was a lot of it.

The only issue was population. With no one dying it would grow exponentially.

They had solved that alongside global warming.

I prespired, I gasped. My chest felt like a collapsing star of pressure and straining pain. I was just too furious to control myself.

The pastor spoke as my vision and body grew distant as I was sucked down the tunnel to oblivion.

But I still saw him so clearly. His eyes delighted, his lips curved so smugly, "... And the righteous will live on in His Name through this time of Trial and Tribulation."


All I want to do is die.

You see, I know all about death, as I have killed myself in every way you can possibly imagine over the last 3,490 years. You heard me correctly...nearly 35 centuries have passed since Every time I do it, every cell of my body reassembles and I wake up...again.

I’m a bit of an oddball. You see, I was 28 years old when I was recruited by the Northern California Chronorium Distribution team. I know what you’re thinking. Yes, I broke the law; I let everyone down. I’ve suffered the consequences more times than I can count. 

You can help me to make everything right. But first, let me explain what I did all of those centuries ago and why you are reading this now.

One day, my mother, Mary, was driving to work and she witnessed the aftermath of a horrible accident. Two cars had collided at high speed. One car had stopped burning, and the other was resting on its roof on the side of the embankment. The forest in this park of Oregon was thick, and both vehicles were hard to see from the road. Mom was an RN at the local hospital on her way in for the night shift. 

She got out of the car and ran to the first car as fast as she could. The driver of that car was an elderly man who had massive lacerations and had likely died on impact. It was beginning to get dark, so she could barely make out the passenger: a young doe that had probably caused the accident.

My mother then heard something that would literally change the course of history: a small child crying out in the night.

Mary investigated the other car and immediately recognized the passengers as Marty and Marlene Zerkin. The Zerkins were career criminals that used to live next door. Marty had been arrested on suspicion of murder and had spent 5 years in prison for armed robbery. Marlene had also done time for elder abuse. After a young girl disappeared in town, so did the Zerkins, whom had met their fate this evening. Mary new immediately that the voice she heard was likely their son, Marty Jr....me. 

I was two years old at the time. I don’t remember any of this, only what mom told me when I was 16: she had decide to raise me alone. She had an opportunity to divert the death report of a young man two years later while working an ER shift. She changed her name to match my new identity and moved to Phoenix. 

Not only did I learn about all of this on my 16th birthday, I also learned that I was 18, not 16. I had always been a scrawny little guy. Marlene had nearly starved me to death and my growth had stunted. So much of it made sense: why I had always felt so different and why other kids seemed immature and stupid at times. 

To her credit, mom was ready to come clean. She would have admitted her fraud knowing that her little boy had grown into a young man. She gave me the option to tell the truth. I chose to get my GED, drop out of high school and eventually go to med school. I protected mom and perpetuated the lie.

So when it came time to give patents the serum, I was offered a chance to be injected by a colleague. A good friend of mine worked at the FDA, and she told me that the age restriction data was fabricated, and that it was all an elaborate scheme to give the government time to figure out how to control the population. As you may have guessed, she lied.

Not only does the drug have unusual side effects for those over 26 at time of injection, it had a very unique effect on me. A rare genetic mutation  combined with the drug to create an immune system and chronetic anomaly that made me immortal at 28. The LessThans died of “natural causes” at the ripe old age of 230. Some did make it to 250, and today colonists at Alpha Centauri live to 240 or more, on average. 

I, on the other hand, have the curse of immortality. I was a fool. I have met four others like me. We all stay far away from each other because of the myths that follow ya from century to century. 

I currently live on Io, one of Jupiters’ moons, in the year 5508. I am part of a research team that has made a breakthrough in time travel. I have been secretly working in this area for over 500 years, changing my appearance through black market nanosurgery. Anyway, my goal is simple: to alter my timeline so that I was never born.

I’ve tried going back in time to murder Marlene and Marty before I was conceived. I’ve even got back and murdered their ancestors. Nothing works. Oh, I’ve changed  your history. You would be amazed how much. It hasn’t always been for the better but I’ve tried, I really have. But playing God is wrong. I’ve gone mad more times than I remember. 

This is where you come in, dear reader. You see, I can alter the timeline of everyone but myself. It’s a discovery I will make nearly 32 centuries into your future. You have the power to stop my misery and keep your own timeline the same. In exchange I will provide you with a time travel device and the latest life extension technology available in my time. You must be 26 or under, that much has not changed.

You are reading this right now because I have made a device that allows me to connect to one of your ancient computing devices in a remote part of Earth known as Greenland...Ironically not very green? Anyway, converting my speech to your ancient language has been a chore...so crude! I digress. 

The Remote Temporal Transmission device allows me to communicate with you. I am under immense scrutiny by the Martian Science Authority. I have to delay my communications with 2018 Earth by exactly one year. Next June 25th, Marty and Marlene will meet at a bar in downtown Portland, Oregon. All you have to do is prevent this. You have one year to prepare. On June 5th, 2019 I will send a second transmission with the exact time and location of their meeting. 

I’m counting on you. Please help me find peace.


"Dang it John stop day dreaming and help me!" Adam wheezes through clenched theeth. ak as I pickup trusted Betsy. She's been with me for years now, trusted old shotgun. Load a fresh shell and hobble towards the windows. Of course bars make it hard to see, but you can still shoot out of them.

"Hey John remember when it was just a simple day in the retirement home?" Adam says while walking towards my room loading his faithful bolt action.

"I don't remember too much these days, with how many years we ran out of meds. I do remember you still owe me ten bucks." I tease back.

"You keep switching it, you owe me twenty bucks and a pack of cigs darn it!" Adam starts peppering the hoard outside.

The magic shot, the immortality shot, forever young shot. All these words are now curses. We all sort of remember when it came out. Nearly all of us old timers can sort of think of the past.

The magic drug that allows one to never get old, boy how wrong and right that was. They never told you the side effects of course. Those blasted scientists only saw the green paper it made. Of course the oh so minor problem was ignored. It was a such a great promise for those who could take it. Immortality, to never age. As well as a huge side bonus of extreme regeneration. No one ever wanted to know the cost of course.

What seemed like a minor glitch which everyone laughed off snow balled to ugly proportions. For immortality and nearly never being able to die, other then mass damage to the brain of course, you would just have a slight case of needing more meat. Just a little of course. That's how it always started, that slippery slope. Always that slight nudge in the wrong direction costs oh so dearly.

The side effects? You hunger, more and more for meat. They said it was just that the body needed more protein to balance out the after effects. Yea effects that kept getting higher and higher while no one noticed.  It of course started small, two hamburgers when before you could barley eat one. Five hamburgers became the norm for a sit down. Prices of meat started to rise, started? It sky rocketed to huge numbers. When a 10 year old would devour his weight in meat, there was a problem. Then the question, what happened when meat got scares? Now the real effects showed. The hunger it seems was larger and larger until all rationality was driven clear of the poor person.

At first all the animals were targeted... but after they ate all those they started looking for mature meat. Human meat. Old people meat.

Who would guess that retirement homes would become bunkers. Once we pulled all the children we could in we hunkered down. People hoped that if they couldn't get enough meat they would just burn themselves out. Such an empty hope. We call them skinnies now. Easy to spot of course, having no hair and gaunt looks. You might mistake them for just a starving person. That would be the last mistake someone made. They seem small and weak, but they have some crazy strength, and they don't relent.

Everyone always asks, where is the government for this. They had been the first to go. As they got the shots two  years earlier then the public. The irony the first to go looked the sharpest cloths.  

Part 2

It didn't help that those in power used that power to hoard up all the meat which was left. The other larger problem was that all the egg heads and doctors had been on the second wave, the young ones of course. The older ones ended up all retiring and then kicking the bucket. Leaving the check to us "younger" oldies. 

They of course as well figured out what was going on ahead of time. In hind sight the wars we had where just a prelude to the real war. The war to live. Us olddies didn't get much warning, but at the very least because the government pushed us to the side it might have saved us. Far enough away from the cities but close enough for a bit of food. When the walls fell the cities got hit the hardest. I can't even remember how touch in go things got back then. 

It took some time to figure things out. Trying to get a hold of what was going on and how to get around them. Laud noises was always the best, but it also caused more to come. Cell phones had been a great boon leave one somewhere and call it they would rush over to that location, but those stopped working when no one was around to run things. Power? Yea that was still somewhat here or there, but power generators made a load of noise which again pulled the skinnies to the location. It wasn't normally worth the risk, but sometimes you would still need to get info out, and lucky for us ham radios still worked. Who would have thought classic tech would come back in style? 

The problem of course was food, with no animals around meat was far harder to come by.

"Dang it John stop day dreaming and help me!" Adam wheezes through clenched teeth. 

"Oh sorry started to day dream there for a bit, next cig is on me." I hurry as my old bones creek to push the table over the window with Adam. 

The sound of fighting can be heard all over the old bunk. It seems the search party prodded a nasty bee's nest. 

  
"It's going to be worth it, they found a truck with half a pallet of cat food. It might even be still good. I was just coming back from getting the kids into the safe room when the skinnies got spotted." Adam huffs as we finish fixing the window with the make shift table. Normally we wouldn't block the window, but this one's bars got bent from a mean tall skinnie. He's still smacking his lips at us, not worth the shells now that he's stuck.

I use to hate the cafeteria, they always gave us bland food there. Now it's the safest place as the kitchen is made out of concrete.  

"John let's go we need to find out what's happening in the west side, there might be a breach." Adam hobbles off yelling back at me.

I miss the good old days of just sitting and sleeping, at least then you didn't have to worry about some person coming up and nibbling parts off you. We are at least lucky, some other old homes didn't have any vets around and just folded over after the breakout. I suppose it could be worse, we had a school trip visiting us oldies when the walls fell. Otherwise these young kids would have been and a dire straight. I shudder thinking about it.


As I sit here, scrolling through the unending feed, I can't help but wonder if what's going on around us is the same thing. Anti-aging this, prolonged life that. It seems like it's continuous.

When I was a kid, I could never understand why reading and watching the news was so important. Now, as I approach my 86th year, I know why. It's been preparing us for the worst. It's been showing us what our world has become. Almost 60 years ago, that shit was released. I was envious at first but I recovered. I was just starting out at Microcon. Worked my way up pretty quickly. Retired with a nice, fat pension. They announced what happened to my revulsion.

It seems as though A.I. had surpassed all predictions and quietly rolled out an anti-aging serum called Reversol that would stop it all together. Only problem was, you had to be young in order to be young forever. Apparently, 28 was no longer considered young. Bullshit. Either way, I kept earning my paycheck, met my sweetheart and retired happy. That's when the rumors started. Turns out Reversol wasn't as great as they said. Rumors were that it started with migraines. Even if you'd never had one, once a week you'd have a blinding migraine. Coinciding with the serum treatments. After the migraine, motor functions would start being...funny. Finger twitches, leg spasms, random hard ons. All the while, your internals were working to eliminate you. You started feeling...controlled. Like the actions you take aren't exactly yours. 

20 years now, I've been hearing about how A.I. was going to rule us and it turns out, it does. With a phrase, our smart homes are controlled by a little speaker that answers our every command. A.I. developed Reversol to take us out. It put together a 60 year plan. If you were over 26, you would pose the least resistance when shit hit the fan. I can barely move now. They were right.

Now, I write this in hopes that it'll reach someone who CAN do something. You see, I've been feeling...funny. But it comes it waves. One day I'm fine, the next is sketchy. Today is a good day. I always thought it would be some debilitating disease that got me. Now, I'm not so sure.

Good luck, whoever you are....


When I was 17 or so there was lots of hype about 'unlocking the secrets of immortality' something about dna or oxidation or something. I didn't really pay much attention. After all, how many 'health facts' lasted so much as a year before being changed for whatever reason? How many 'wonder drugs' that amounted to so much nothing?

Then, nearly a decade later, they did it. 12 liters of 7 different drugs, carefully administered over the course of a week, to stop age for eternity, to stall death as long as could be. The only side effect they found was infertility. A boon more than anything, considering overpopulation.

Well, the government swooped down on that procedure faster than a bullet, and within the week rules had been placed. 25~26. That was how old you had to be to take the procedure. No exceptions.

After a while, those of us 27 or older started being called stuff like the 'old humanity' and 'final generation' and so on, while the younger ones, the ones who took the surgery where called the 'new generation'

When I was 47, the last child of the 'old generation' was born. When I was 72, she took the operation. It was the end of mankind as we knew it. A quiet, lonly end that few noticed and even fewer mourned. 

Then, when I 85, the side-effects, the *true* side effects of the operation was discovered. The operation had not made anyone infertile. Far from it. What had happened was simple. The stopping of aging had simply slowed the growth of the embryo, so slow that noone noticed. And by the time it grew big enough to discover, advances in medicine meant noone ever visited the hospitals. But as the embryo grew, it's development accelerated, and now a decade since the first pregnancy was confirmed, pregnancies where being reported from all around the world.

It was on the news, even now. The first birth in nearly seventy years. I did not turn on the TV. My wife had passed two years ago, and I felt it my time coming. Whatever befell this generation of self-made immortals was their problem now. Not ours.

But no matter what happened, one thing was certain. This new child to be born, they would truly be the new humanity.


My back aches. My knee’s gone funny somehow- I now use a cane to go about my day. Four legs to two legs to three legs. The good ol’ riddle. But the people around me, all puppy fat and doe eyes, they’ve gone the other way. Memories like grains of sand. I doubt there’s any thought left in those pretty little heads. Heh.


The streets are crowded today. I pass through a crowd of immortals, laughing at thin air. Their heads are thrown back, and I see a gleam of pearly teeth. I knock a few ankles aside with my cane. A couple of them call me stupid. The others, wide-eyed, gasp and cover their mouths. As I pass, I hear the word scattered among peals of childlike laughter. I don’t look back.


Sometimes, I wonder what would’ve happened if I was two years younger. If I was brave and lionhearted, and stole the serum. If I wouldn’t feel these aches. If my friends were around me, laughing and talking again. My cane bumps into the doorstep of my home. We thump out an unsteady rhythm together, the cane and I. The keys are in my right pocket. They jingle as I fish it out. The key is turned, and we limp in.


‘Honey,’ I call out, waving a wrinkled hand, and a radiant figure turns around from her seat at the dinner table, young and forever beautiful, ‘I’m home!’


&nbsp;

Critiques welcome!


I slowly lifted the satin duvet off my frail body. I reoriented my body so that I was sitting on the edge of my bed. Upon peeking at my weak knees and thin translucent skin on my legs, I began to cry. I traced my blue thick veins with my eyes and was struck with the nightmare that was currently my life—I am aging.

Only a few weeks’ prior was I enjoying my frivolous life as a 25 years old. Now, I realized that I could not pinpoint my age, however it was well past 25. It was disgusting. 

I rose from my king sized bed, peering over my shoulder to see the empty spot next to me. After my first signs of age, Ryan left me instantly, practically ashamed to have been sleeping with an elder lady. The thought of Ryan brought tears to my eyes again, and I blinked them away to clear my vision. What else would he have done? I would never expect a youthful gentleman like him to remain with a woman turning into a prune. 

I passed by my golden mirror and didn’t dare glance at it, for I knew I would be petrified by the ghastly sight. I dragged myself to the kitchen where I grabbed the bottle of anti-depressants. I then settled on the couch and nestled myself in my unwashed bathrobe, allowing the tears to continuously flow down my face. I decided that I should take my mind off this agony and sat up a bit so that I could reach for the remote. A cold shudder raced through my body as I saw the face I have been trying to avoid for so long—me. Through the glistening black screen TV I saw my sagging face and streaks that ran across my face. As I cried, I watched as the corners of my eyes creased extensively to mimic the feet of a crow. A monster, I whispered as I ran through my frigid hair. I’m going to die just at the sight of my dysfunctional face.

I needed to check and see. I needed to see how far along I am. After the announcement about the failure of the drug to hold, members of the Lost Generation were equipped with a watch that informed them how old there features look at a certain moment. 

I activated the watch, and shuddered at the number that was blinking before my eyes.

35.


Every  single year, on the same date, my brother comes to pay me a visit at  the retirement home. That date was two days ago, and he didn't come.

At  first, I comply assumed that he was a busy man. He worked long hours in  the office and over the course of the last 59 years, he's had many  promotions and many raises. and it seams even his children now are  becoming old enough to take the drug of immortality, like he did.

So today I decided to finally leave the home and go look for him myself. Maybe I can surprise him. Maybe I can even see him at work. I spoke to the people at the office, they seamed to think it was a bad idea to let me go. To hell with them, I'm not too frail. I'm strong as I need to be, and to prove it I escape through the window to search for mt brother.

I go to his house and there's another family in there. I ask them about the previous owner, but they just assume I'm crazy and slam the door on me. And this used to be such a courteous neighborhood too. I guess many things have changed since I last was out.

Next I go to his work and ask around, but they wouldn't let me up into the building. The receptionist tells me no one by that names works there. This is odd. Way too odd. Something is up.

Next I go to his favourite cafe. He used to take his wife there all the time, including before they even got married. The barista was a long term personal friend of my brother, so if anything were to happen to him, I'm sure she would know. But she's not at the cafe.

I ask the current barista about her, and he tells me it was his mother, and he also tells me where I can find his mother, but that she won't be able to help me. I must take the change, this is starting to drive me insane. I must see my brother again, soon I will die and he will live forever.

Could it be that the previous barista was over the age threshold like me? The place he told me to look for her was at my very own retirement home! It's strange because she looked like she was in her teens when she was working at the cafe.

Luckily the sun told me the ward too, which was different to mine. I sneak in knowing that when I turn myself in properly I'll get tighter security and won't be able to pull this stunt again.

When I get in, I didn't find the barista. Instead I found my brother! he was there in the ward speaking to some of the folks there. I go up to him and shout his name being so happy that I get to see him again! But he looks at me oddly and gets up from his chair, feeling scared now that I'm advancing at him in such a fast manner.

He has no idea who I am! I ask him bout his job, his children, the cafe... Nada. I go into the bathroom to cry for a while and then finally turn myself in.

The drug of immortality after many years gives you periodical amnesia and problems with your memory both long and short term. Some people even forget speech entirely. The nurse explained to me. Not only that, but my brother has not come to see me in many, many years. I was told many times that I have Alzheimer's.

It's been three days now since my brother hasn't come and I leave this note because I've forgotten what he looks like and I know soon enough I will forget I even had a brother.


You know, there have always been rumors on side\-effects and how EverLife squashed anyone trying to do any kind of study on them. Not really surprising seeing how rich they all got, and how every single politician's life depended on EverLife's continued existence.

The first two generations didn't really show it that much. Sure, we got a lot more ugly kids, but people also got a lot fewer to keep the population count manageable.

With the third generation we old\-timers started calling them Garys. The incredible backlash from EverLife came totally unexpected \- they never had made that much fuzz when we told people their kids were a bit on the ugly side and looked alike a lot.

But as the first generation grew old and the third generation became adults they just couldn't deny it any longer.

Garys. Garys everywhere. Some old. So many young. Both boys and girls.

And finally the government relented as even the Garys wanted to know how the majority of people seemed to become basically the same person, unable to find anyone that didn't have a face that looked so much like their own.

And finally EverLife was forced to tell us all the truth.

How there had been only one person who turned out to have the secret of immortality in his genes.

How they found the drug that changed you just enough so that immortality could also be yours.

And how taking it wouldn't change you that much... but how those genes were dominant and would accumulate over every new generation.

How humanity was going to turn into all\-Garys within the next two generations.

As long as I'm alive and able I will fight that, along the others that are not willing to doom humanity to this. And I have to admit that I never expected the kind of fighting I'm doing now.

Every evening I take my usual pills, and then I take my special pill. And a quarter of an hour later I lie on my back while some young, fertile woman uses me to save the gene pool.

I am so thankful for those goggles that change the face I see. I could never keep up the good fight if I kept seeing their real Busey faces.


*"I wish I knew what I know now, when i was younger." - Rod Stewart*

Civilization is strange. Always tinkering with things. Hell, some jackass had to give himself small-pox just to cure small pox. This was long ago of course, but it stands to reason, people just can't leave well enough alone. 

So, when Harold found himself at his familiar drinking hole, this very thought almost made him fill his depends. 

"So, did you boys see the news?" Jeremy asked. Jeremy was a bastard of a man. Once a brawny lumberjack of great height, who had shrunk a considerable deal over time, and was now of normal height. Harold always assumed this was because cause trees naturally weigh more than people.

"What!?" Leonard of Downey Street yelled. The old man had forgotten his hearing aide again.

"I SAID DID YOU SEE THE NEWS?" Jeremy yelled.

"Oh! I find the Jews to be a very nice people." Leonard said softly while taking a swig of his pint.

"No. Not the Jews... I mean, yes. They are kind, a little complainy from time to time, but they seem well intentioned. You see, when I was a lad, we had a Jewish fella what lived down the..."

"What about the news?" Harold asked. Sometimes it was important to keep these older chaps on point. They were pushing mid-nineties. A lifetime away from where Harold sat at 84. 

"What news?" Jeremy asked.

"What!?" Leonard yelled.

"Jeremy was talking about the news Leonard, yah deaf bastard. Where is your hearing aide?" Harold asked. Leonard was essentially the anti-American Express ad for hearing aides. *Never leave home with it.*

"Mildred must have hid it from me. You know she can be sneaky like that." Leonard said, using a rather selective hearing method.

"You gentlemen need another drink?" A waitress had popped up seemingly out of nowhere. But, to be fair, anybody walking at a brisk pace was seeming to pop up out of nowhere for Harold these days. 

"Jesus! What are you trying to do? Give me a heart-attack!?" Yelled Jeremy. 

"Jeremy, if i wanted to, I could have given you a heart attack a long time ago honey." The young waitress said. 

"Oh, you vile temptress." Jeremy said, "Alright, put the next round on me."

"Why thank you Jeremy." Harold said. 

As the waitress walked off, Jeremy eyed her up and down, "Oh, if I were only 60 years younger."

"Then you'd still be ten years too old for her you ancient bastard." Harold said, which spawned a laughing/coughing fit from Leonard.

"Ah, whatever. You young bucks don't know what it's like to be my age."

"What!?" Leonard yelled.

"I'm only ten years younger than you." Harold said. 

"Well, the difference between 84 and 94 is like the difference between young Philly and a dead horse. Hell, when I was your age, I was running marathons and could bench three hundred pounds."

"Hah! I loved Family Matters." Leonard chimed in.

"Jeremy, I knew you when you were my age, and you were just as decrepit as you are now." Harold said.

"Well..." Jeremy took time to think of a comeback, which in terms of a heavily medicated 94 year old was much like watching molasses swallow a city. "You should mind your elders."

"That Urckle was hilarious!" Leonard said.

"Ah. You got me." Harold somewhat admitted defeat. It wasn't that he felt he should respect his elders. Hell, he *was* an elder, but it was a good way to drop the subject. Especially with Jeremy. "Anyways. What was the news?"

"Oh right! The news!" Jeremy shouted. 

"Your pints gentlemen." The waitress popped back in. 

"Ye gods woman! You need to wear a damned bell!" Jeremy exclaimed.

"Right." The waitress put the drinks on the table and walked off.

"You know, if I was sixty years..." Jeremy began.

"...Yes. Yes." Harold interjected. "Anyways, what did you see on the news?"

"Oh yes! The news. So, remember that drug that kept all those little bastards young?" Jeremy asked, as if there was any way to forget the anti-aging drug.

"Yes. I remember."

"Well, it turns out it gives you stage 4 lymphoma! HAH!" Jeremy brought a fist down onto the table in exultation. 

"Ye gods."


"Why don't you just kill them?"

"Because they're living creatures, Lindsay. You ask me that every ti–"

"Oh shut up," she rolled her eyes, cutting him off. He sighed as he opened the door to the backyard. The moon was full but barely visible through the clouds. He knelt in the grass and whispered, "Today you, tomorrow me." The spider leapt from his palm and disappeared into the darkness. He crouched there for a minute, wishing that he too could disappear into the darkness. He just didn't have the strength to leave. 

No one believed that she had given him his scars, they didn't want to believe. He saw it in their eyes. They would laugh, mock him, shrugging it off, waving their hands, shaking their head as if to rid their ears of the words. He didn't tell many people, a coworker, a guy from the gym, his brother, and his best friends from school. The disregard for his confession hurt more than a book to the head or a fork to the arm ever could. But nothing hurt more than her betrayal. Every apology was a glimmer of hope that the woman he'd fallen in love with would return. Every insult she spat and object she hurled made him wonder if she was ever there, or if it had all been a dream. 

He stood up slowly and turned to go into the house. *If I were more understanding, more giving, patient, she'd remember what we had and come back,* he thought. He'd had thousands of similar thoughts. He was a fixer. Maybe he could fix it. Fix himself, fix her, fix them. Deep down he knew he couldn't, but his hope and her blame kept him tied there.  He'd tried counselors. He went alone when she'd refused to go. And when she insisted that he stop, that the counselor was driving them apart, he'd stopped. He shook his head, disappointed in himself again. "Honey," he said opening the door, "what do you think about trying to see Dr. Smith again?"  **WHACK** He heard the sound of glass shattering, but he didn't know what had hit him. He struggled to get up, but something else hit him. And he went down again. "Lindsay, please..." He looked up to see her looming over him, his old baseball bat in her hands, and he put his arms up to protect his face as she swung at him over and over and over and then she was shrieking. 

"What is that??? ***scream*** Get them off!!! GET THEM OFF!!!" He lifted his head to see his wife being swept out the back door in a wave of blackness. He thought he was hallucinating. His head was throbbing, bleeding as he struggled to get up. Leaning against the back door he watched as she disappeared into the woods, her scream echoing. "Lindsay!" he called after her, attempting to follow, but he collapsed in the doorway. 

The next morning he woke up on the couch. He groaned, eyes adjusting to the early morning light. The room filled with evidence of the night's events but Lindsay wasn't there. He started to sit up to look for when he noticed a black rectangle on the wall. It looked like it was moving. Slowly, the blackness shifted, forming the words: "Yesterday us, today you."


Adam Kinsley awoke to a nightmare.

The adrenaline pumped so hard that the blood sang in his ears. He rubbed his eyes, pinched himself, then distractedly struck his alarm clock off the nightstand in an effort to silence it, but still the images remained. He took deep breaths, then reached for the phone by his bed. Maybe talking to somebody would break the spell, he thought.

“Jenny?” he said, after the second ring.

“Adam? What the… it’s 7.30 AM! Are you still at home?”

“Just wanted to check, you know, if I was dreaming.”

“Dreaming? Have you been drinking? It’s Tuesday! You better not be hungover! The September presentation’s today! Jesus! Get your ass to the office!”

The phone slipped from Adam’s hand. He was a born salesman, able to talk the ear off anyone who would listen, but he somehow couldn’t find the right words to describe how a sea of spiders had blanketed his apartment ceiling, covering it from edge to edge in black, furry, chitinous carapaces.

He wondered briefly if this had anything to do with the spiders he had been rescuing and setting free. He never saw the point in killing them, not when they were harmless and kept other pests away, but he had also never knew they would infest in this manner. Regret and anger swirled into a potent cocktail, clouding his mind.

“This is how you repay me? When it’s the most important day of my career so far?” he said, as he slid from his bed, inching towards the door. “My landlord’s going to kill me, you know that right?”

Fresh horrors awaited him in the living room. All points of exit were swathed in what appeared to be layers of cobwebs, and the morning sun streamed but weakly through the swaddled windows. Adam turned as he heard the scurrying of a million legs behind him, and barely held up his hands in time to ward off a stream of spiders flying through the air, erupting towards him.

“What the hell!” Adam cried, as he lost his footing and fell. He expected to connect hard with the teak floors, but instead he bounced off a freshly-woven coat webbing, cocooning him. He flexed, but he barely made any headway. A chittering filled his ears, and he had to fight from opening his mouth to scream.

“Please,” he whispered, the tears filling his eyes. “I never hurt any of you, I always watched out for you. Why is this happening to me? I just want to go to work, forget any of this happened! Please, please…”

The webbing soon covered him fully, though the spiders left just enough space for him to breathe through and to peer out from. He lay on the ground, facing the television. He wriggled, tried to get away, but he could not move. He tried to scream too, but no one heard him. His prison was complete.

Then, stretching his belief to the point of breaking, he saw a single spider, triple the size of those around it, dangle down from the ceiling, swinging closer to the television. The other spiders moved away from it, giving it the space it needed. The queen then extended a single leg, then activated and turned the television on.

The news channel logo flashed briefly on the screen, before cutting to a newscaster on the streets of New York. Adam recognised first the deli in the background, then the street signs, then the building in the background of the shot. The familiarity was unmistakable, especially after he had worked at the same place for years. He could even imagine himself there, at the scene, already reporting for work like any other day at his office on the 110th level, were it not for the sudden infestation of arachnids.

“Reports are just coming in,” said the newscaster, the panic and worry etched clearly on her face. “There appears to be an explosion on the north tower, over 100 floors up. Eyewitnesses say that, and I’m having trouble believing this myself, but they say that a plane, yes, a plane…”

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny


It had all come down to this. I stand upon this roof top silently contemplating my life. I had always been the compassionate type. Each day I made as many selfless acts as possible. I don't like to see anyone or anything struggle. I am the type of person that always gave away my spare change, helped elderly women across the street, and even things most people wouldn't blink about like setting spiders outside instead of killing them. 

I had spent my life helping the helpless. Maybe because I knew what it was like to be helpless. There was no good reason why I was depressed. I had a fairly normal childhood. Nothing stands out that could've potentially lead to my depression. None of that really mattered anyway. I've grown tired of trying to help those around me, because every time I begin to feel as if I'd made an impact, I realize the world is just as desolate as before. I've never felt amy sense of purpose or belonging. In my eyes, all the caring I've done never amounted to anything in my life. My last wish is that my impact is remembered by somebody, anybody. 

I feel a cold rush of air overcome my senses. It fills my nostrils, makes my eyes water, whistles through my ear, sends shivers across my skin and violently thrashes my long unkept hair. I have no time to think, it doesn't feel fast or slow it just kind of happens. As I begin to realize the gravity of the situation I collide with something. 

I yelp, shortly before realizing that I feel no pain. For a brief moment I am going upwards until I come down and fall delicately into what appears to a large tightly woven spider web! The crescent moon lighting allows me to barely make out, that I am about ten feet above the ground. Slowly I see hundreds, maybe more, spiders come into focus. From all angles I see eightfold eyes staring back at me, and then they begin to move in a flurry of excitement, Quickly they disperse leaving a small area clear and obvious. Spelled out a lá Charlotte's Web, I make out the words, "Today you, tomorrow me."

It turns out that all of these years someone remembered all that I had done.


"We are the order of the eight!"

Said the spider, bending to bow,

He removed a tiny hat while prostrate,

"We're the only hope for you now!"

I blinked once, twice, then once more,

As my mouth opened, agast,

A crowd forming of several score,

Then the spiders whispered, "At last!"

"We've waited years for this day to come,"

Spoke the king, tip tapping his feet,

"For while most would squish us under thumb,

You've proved yourself quite sweet!

Our armies come from down below,

To end the human's reign,

While we cleanse the earth, you we owe,

So you alone shall remain!"

More poured from the basement,

And from nooks and crannies forgotten,

From shadows, in cabinets, and in vents,

Were the creepies and crawlies begotton.

"But wait!"  I said to the spider king,

As the spiders knights cheered for me,

"For your conquest, I must bring,

A camera to record the history!"

As I fled I passed widow and recluse,

I promised my speedy and swift return,

But instead I tied a swift rope noose,

And I prayed that the earth would burn.

***

Follow me at /u/leoduhvinci for more of my stuff!


I heard the killer's steps echo across the basement. I tried to think of some last line to make sense of it all, to die with a semblance of honour. Instead, I just whimpered; the days of relentless torture had left me a shell of a man. 

He strode toward me, relishing in the moment. He took great pleasure in watching me suffer, and today was no different. He pulled out his serrated blade, glinting in the light above the chair I was tied to. 

"Looks like you're no fun anymore," he said, smiling wide and exposing his rotten teeth. He gripped the blade. 

I heard a rustling, some kind of scurrying behind me. The light went out - but it hadn't turned off. Something- some*things* - were crawling across it. 

I tried to scream, but I had no energy left. 

Then I realised - they weren't after me. 

They had finally come.

*My spiderbros.*


It started as a small shadow on the ground that glistened and shimmered as it moved. Quickly it swelled, swirled.. pulsed. I was transfixed on the movement.


My shoulder had taken the brunt of the fall but my head had hit the ground with a loud crack. I was too dazed to move... all I could do was watch. The scene played out in slow motion. I tried to concentrate.. fighting against the hazy molasses of what was certainly a concussion.


They quickly grew in number—the shadow growing as more and more spiders poured into the alley. I heard the man with the baseball bat cry out in surprise. It was a horrible scream. The scream shook in the night air. A long, high-pitched howl that quickly turned to gurgle and then suddenly cut short by... something. 


I could feel them now. Crawling on me. Crawling around me. Under me. I was too weak to put up any sort of fight. Soon I was floating on the rippling, swelling mass of spiders. My head was throbbing but somehow I could hear a voice. Or was I feeling it? The same phrase, over and over. Words that scratched at the inside of my head. A voice that somehow wrapped around me and held me safely, like a close hug. Warm words that lapped over me like tiny waves.


It was a familiar voice, tinged with gratitude. And it was now repaying the debt. The voice repeated back to me what I had told it many times before, as I had held it softly, gently escorting it out of my house, to the hydrangea bush in the backyard. It was the last thing I heard before I lost consciousness.


*today you... tomorrow me...*


Well, it wasn't easy getting to like them. But it's a tangled web we weave.

Back in the day I used to put spiders outside instead of killing them. It was a habit I got used to. I guess as I got older I also turned into more a pacifist... maybe trying to make up for all the nasty things I had done in my youth. I would mumble a little prayer and toss the little bastards off into the night. My castle seemed to be littered with them. Felt like a magnet for the eight-legged. Maybe it was all the torches outside, attracting all sorts of bugs and the like. 

I don't know.

All I know is today I heard a crier bell swinging loudly in the early morning. There was talks of a large squadron of Barbarians coming through the foothills, plundering all along the way. I gathered my few men, what several I had, and had them armored. I was to go out with them at Dawn. We started our crusade down to meet them. But as the sun began to rise I noticed a strange blackness still enveloping the countryside. It seemed to almost shudder and breathe. Then at once I saw the Barbarian horde on the distance. They were quick approaching, bearing steel with clenched teeth. All of a sudden, the blackness of the countryside moved with frightening speed, followed by hundreds of thousands of spiders through the castle behind me, and within a minute there were bloodcurdling screams of girlish terror sung into the early morn. The barbarians flee'd as quickly as they had advanced, dropping all weapons and belongings in their stead. I shuddered at the thought, but then remembered my old prayer...

"Today you, Tomorrow me."

Tangled wed indeed!


"Just give me the f---ing wallet, man!" the mugger shouted. He wore a beat-up MSU hoodie and holey jeans. "*Sparties*" I mumbled as I reached for my pocket, acquiescing the mugger's command. The sound I heard after that, though, I'll never forget as long as I live.     
      
It was a skittery sound. Skittery is the best way to put it. Like a branch against a window in the wind, but, like, *thousands* of branches against *thousands* of windows. Up the street the sound came. Along with it, a tune. I couldn't quite place it at that moment.     
    
"Uh... the wallet, square!" Shouted mugsey. Ignoring the archaic insult, I felt strangely at peace with the tide of sound incroaching me and my quarry in this dank, filthy alley. The skittering grew louder, and with it the tune. I knew it by then. It was an old marching song; "When Jhonny comes marching home".    
          
"What in the ever loving is that?" I asked my assailant.       
"F---ed if I know..." said the man plaid in green-and-white, "but I don't like it... *WHAT THE HELL?!?*"     
     
Just then, a black-and-brown tidal wave crashed around the corner of the alley! A sight you'd curse your mother for telling you she'd seen, but I swear it happened! All of them, in chorus: "The spiders go marching one by one! Hurah! Hurah! The spiders go marching one by one!  Hurah! Hurah!" The press of arachnids came and covered my would be mugger.     
     
Encasing him, they turned him horizontal, then began to carry him out of the alley, his muffled screams escaping his lungs the whole time. As they went, the marching hymn still echoing through their fangs. At that moment, a little black one with two yellow stripes jumped up to me! "This is the end!" I thought, "It's my turn!"      
     
When she reached my ear, her tiny voice called out "Yesterday, us! Today, you, big man! Thank you for your kindness throughout the years!" And with that, she hopped off to join the press.     
       
"Wait!" I shouted.        
      
"Yes, spider friend?" The envoy replied.       
     
"That song... Isn't it about ants?"      
       
"*Ugh*" She replied. "*Ant cultural appropriation*"


"Tell me where it is!"

"I don't know! I don't know!", I cried as I got another kick in the gut, protected by nothing but the rope the chackled me with.

Apparently, the thing they want from me is  a valuable jem hidden somewhere in my house. I thought the previous owner was shady, but who'd think he worked for mafia! He probably took it with him when he moved, and sold the house for cheap so a blockhead like me would get beaten for him.

"Boss, I think he's the wrong guy." One of the thugs started to doubt.

"He's the one. The adress is right, and Mike would never lie to me."

Guess, it's my unlucky day.

"But you're right. Burn this place to the ground. We're getting out of here."

It definetly is.

"I told you he sold the house and ran away with the jem!", I cried as my last attempt to survive.

"We know. We were just checking if that were true. But now, you know too much. So... We have no choice." Finished toying with me, he exited the room; his minions started to spill gasoline; and I lost it.

"Is this the end?" I murmured to myself. "Will I die like this? Because of a misunderstanding!? Toasted in my new house!?"

I heard a quick "chick", and saw a burning match falling on the floor. The room lighted bright red, and the two black silhouettes locked the door from the other side. Now I'm doomed.

Surprisingly for me, the two silhouettes weren't the last black I saw in my life. From every angle, I could see black goo stretching across the room. It seemed intelligent as it opened the door, the window, and the knocked down furniture in such a way that it blocked the fire from soreding on me. Then, I felt lots of tiny bumps under me, and the room started moving. No, it's me! I'm moving! That's where I understood what the black goo is.

You see, from the small age, I learned not to harm a living thing. Every life is sacred, and even the smallest bug has a soul. So my whole life I was letting them outside, carefully taking them in my hands and putting them on the nearest bush. Later, mom told me to whisper "Today you, tomorrow me", and one day they will come to save me. But not that literally!!!

The bugs lifted me up from the ground and carried to the window. Then, using their super-strength, they tossed my huge body a meter to the air right through the window into the hands of a swarm of flies and mosquitos I've let feast on me and my food; before I could realise it, the flying mosquito matress put me safely on the ground and bit my ropes off.

Now I was witnessing the hellish furnace that was just my room, and my savior coming out of it in the face of black goo spilling down every crack on the street.

One day later, I was back at my old place, happy that I didn't tale everything with me to be burned with the new house. I turn on the TV and see my face on the screen. "One man turned down the largest crime organisation in the city". For this act, I received compensation for the damage, and then some for the organisation. With so much money, I couldn't think of anything better to fo than to donate them to the animal saving groupes. Especially insect ones. They deserve a thanks.

_______________________________

Sorry for any mistakes, was writing it on a bumpy ride.


Our species does not typically work together. Apart from mating, seeing another spider of our kind just means competition for food.

But word spread of the Quartz Boy.

Now, we will freely admit that we are not normal spiders. Supposedly in time immemorial a human weaver was blessed with the body of a spider. She then bred when the time came, and laid spiders who were smarter than normal.

But even we are pests to the humans, who purge us with sprays.

We would have avoided this one, but for the rotting fruit on this one's counter.

Fruit flies were supping upon a dragonfruit, and we had laid traps. Nets on most corners, baited with pieces of sweetener and sugars.

Our ichor drooled somewhat as we awaited the feast.

But then the Boy came. In the language-sight that was integral to our intelligence, he was like the sun, a radiant ball of energy. On his shirt was a stylised five pointed star, appropriately.

"Hi Spiders, listen, my moms don't want you in the house, so if I let you guys out, and give you these flies, you can come visit any time."

We stared at him.

"I know you hear me. Spiders might make webs but not all trapeze onto fly backs."

We glared at the spider that did that stunt.

"Are you guys former cr-"

We left, not listening to his words

But we maintained a few threads into his room.
To listen for danger.

For we are the Daughters of Arachne,

And wherever evil lurks,

if evil lurks,

we'll always find a way,

and even if we can't,

we'll find another way.

There are over sixty two billion of us, and we protect the Quartz Boy Steven!

(so I kinda watched 40 episodes of Steven Universe last night and it's all I can think about now)

(SEND HELP)


"Oh God... Please... I don't wanna die!" 

Mark had been hanging here for what felt like days. He was beyond exhausted. Weak from dehydration and hunger, his bite had moved beyond excruciating pain; his leg felt like it was on fire. It was too much. He was delirious from fever and the poison in his veins. His blurry vision darkened as spots swam in his vision. Finally, the last ounce of a strength fed by the pure need to survive faded. His arms gave. 

Mark had one last insane thought before gravity overcame him and he plummeted down the cliff face, "There never was a tomorrow." And then he fell.

"So you're sure he's going to be alright Doctor Whitner?" Stacy asked. Her younger brother had disappeared on a group camping trip, only to be found a week later alive, barely, at the bottom of a thousand foot drop. He was immediately air lifted to the closest hospital.

"Yes, Miss Anderson. He should be awake any time now. He's remarkably well, all thing taken into account. Mark must have an angel looking out for him. From what I can tell from his injuries it seems as if something must have broke his fall. Possibly multiple times.

"Honestly it's astonishing. He survived the fall with mostly only scrapes and few cracked ribs. Other than the snake bite. We're weren't sure we would be able save the leg, but thanks to whomever had the wherewithal to take the time to treat it on site, he should still have all his original parts when he leaves.

"It's the oddest thing though. When the air ambulance brought him in, he was absolutely covered in some kind of silk threads."


Fear struck my heart as I watched the great book descend towards me, falling with falling with both speed and force. I tried as hard as I could to dash out of the way, but I had noticed it too late. I prepared myself for the end.

The boot froze, the giant pulling back his foot. He bent to the ground, gently pulling me into the skies. I let out a breath of relief as I saw where was taking me- back to the land of the sun. He let me to the ground gently, but before he returned to his cave, left me with a parting whisper.

"Today you, tomorrow me."

I gave a small prayer of thanks to the giant. He had saved me from them.
***

*Seven Years Later*

"Matt!" My dad yelled from the other room. "Go take the trash out."

I sighed loudly, heading into the garage to look for the bags. I found them piled up in the corner, smelling much worse than I had expected. I heaved the first one onto my shoulder, it filled with metal trash and was rather heavy, opened the garage door, and headed towards the dumpster. With a small grunt, I heaved the large bag into the bin. It landed with a resounding clang.

*That was odd.* I thought. *Wasn't today Thursday? Shouldn't there be more trash?* Normally the bags of uneaten food would pad the ground. I shrugged it off, moving to pick up my family's bags of left over lunches and dinners. The bag was far lighter than expected, so when I picked it up, the motion caused the bag to rip. 

A few maggots flew out of the bag, one landing on my foot. I jerked back, giving out a small scream as I scrambled to turn on the lights. My fumbling hands finally founds the switch, and as I went back to inspect the bag, I found that there was *no food* left, only a few maggots.

The maggots were dead, small bite sized marks leaving most of them completely disfigured.

I screamed again in shock, stepping back to look at the garage as a hole.

That's when I noticed it. There was a hole in the garage, the size of a soccer ball, that seemed to have been chewed into by something... I stood frozen with a mixture of fear and awe as I wondered how it could have happened. As I stood watching, a few small rays of light began to appear at the end of the tunnel, making me realize two things.

Whatever created that hole was still there, and going inside the house.

The only room with a light on was Luke's. 

My two year old brother.

***
Part two coming here (as in this thread) in literally 15 minutes 

[r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)!


I stared down at it, a black, unmoving point on an otherwise clean sheet of a white-grey faux-granite counter-top. This was the third one this week alone, damned spiders, testing the very limit of my patience. 

With a heavy sigh, I gathered up the usual equipment: a glass and a piece of paper, and returned to the invader. It hadn't moved. At all. I almost thought it was dead, but when I lowed the paper to scoop it up it walked up into the middle and got comfortable. 

This was a game.

Wasn't it?

I left the glass on the counter and walked the spider on its paper chariot out to the sliding-glass door and set the whole paper down on the patio. 

"Today you, tomorrow me. Tell your buddies."

It hesitated, first leg stretched out, waiting, as if I had anything else to tell a spider. When I said nothing, it scurried off into the grass, probably to do spider things. Like hunt. And eat. And be good at spider things. 

The TV flickered the same stuff it always did. I paid it as much mind as I usually did as I walked past it and dropped myself down on the couch. 

Nothing. 

There was nothing. 

Bills, yes. Mounting as they tended to do. Faster than the bottom line in the bank account. Especially now. Especially with the job gone and the last severance cheque spent. The phone never rang. Never buzzed. Email was always empty, even when there was unread mail. 

I found myself staring again. At the blank wall. Thought about going to bed, but the clock read four-in-the-afternoon. The light from the TV changed from blue to white, just outside of my line-of-sight. There was no sound, but I don't remember ever hitting mute. 

I guess four-o-clock isn't _that_ early. 

I stood up, lingering by the couch as a point of black on the wall caught my eye. 

"Again?"

"Yesterday was me, today is you."

"W-what?"

"Yesterday was me. Today is you."

I turned to the bottle of pills the doctor had given me. It sat on the counter, where it belonged, top screwed on tightly. Beside it were a pair of black dots. 

"Last week was me. Today is you." "A month was me. Today is you."

Madness. Madness was finally grasping the last few straws left in the jar of my mind. 

"Come." "Come." "Come."

"Follow us. Today is you."

With no pause I headed straight back to the bed room, arms waving as I walked through the invisible strands of webbing that grew thicker and thicker the farther I went back into the darkness. They grew thicker and thicker, tangling into my hair, hanging from my dress and my ears, clouding my vision as it all grew colder, drier, calmer, blacker. 

They scurried across me. 

"Today is you."

"Today is you."

"Today is you."

The webs were as thick as ropes. Sticker than honey. But I paid them no mind. Passed through them. Followed the chanting further and further back. Inches became feet, feet became yards, and the yards vanished behind me until the light of the living room was a distant memory. Far beyond sight. 

There I came upon her. From the waist up: human. From the wait down: spider. She was beautiful. Graceful, face, white dress made of countless threads woven together. Lacy. Delicate. Against her coal-black skin and the brownish fur of her abdomen. As the dream-world took form, I could make out that her human bit was not much larger than I. 

"Hello... Human..." She shifted, slowly, 

"H-hello. A-a-re you hurt?"

She smiled, but only with her lips. Her eyes were weary; they tracked me slowly as I made my way through her chambers. Her third leg, on the left, it hung limply despite the best attempts of her tiny retainers to patch her up. 

I reached out, brushing stiff hairs out of the way. She didn't recoil. She might've not been able to. Instead, she just watched as I found the wound. Deep, festering. It broke through the tough outer shell and cut into the open artery below, letting her blood seep out and down along the rest of the leg in pulsing rivulets.  

"What happened?"

"Human wacked me," she said. 

"You?"

"I was smaller. At the time."

"You know... I was reading the Wikipedia article on spiders the other day..."

"Is that what you do?"

"It is now," I said. "Keeps me sane. Apparently didn't work."

"Do you know what to do?"

I looked at the wound again and put my hand over the opening. Blood flowed behind my hand, pushing against my palm, and the leg twitched. Slightly. But I couldn't keep my hand there long. The pressure built and it wasn't long before my strength failed and my face was sprayed with blood. 

"I know what to do..." I said between coughs and gags. "I need a rock. A sharp rock!" I told the thousands of spiders that surrounded me and the beast. It wasn't long before one came riding a living wave to my feet.

"Perfect."

Working quickly, I stuck the rock through my dress, just below my knees, and sawed. Once it was big enough, I stuck my hands into the hole and ripped it the rest of the way until my dress was reduced to a tiny skirt. 

With the large strip of fabric, I began tearing more pieces. A big one. Several thin strips. And when I had them all I stopped the wound, and tied the strips as tightly as I could until the wound was just about entirely closed. 

Only then did I stop to wipe my face and took a moment to admire my handiwork. "There."

The spider queen stretched the leg out, slowly, testing it as the strength slowly seeped back into the very end. She lowered it to the ground, trying to put pressure on it, but found it weak. Too weak to hold its share. 

"It won't be instant," I said. "You need to rest some more."

She shifted around, seven legs working in tandem to make up for the weak link. With her human hand she reached out and stroked my chin before leaning over and planting a kiss on my forehead. 

"My children said you'd know what to do. How right they were."

"T-thank you."

"No. Thank you. What is your name, human?"

"Evelyn... but I prefer E-V."

"Well, E-V, go now, with the blessing of Lolth - Queen of Spiders."

Behind me, a light twinkled. I could just barely make out the TV over the hum of spiders. I turned, as if I was going to walk away. Go back to real life. With bills. And news. And no direction. 

"Actually, that wound isn't going to heal overnight. You might want someone to stick around. You know, keep it clean. Maybe even give you someone new to talk to. I can definitely use a friend."

For a moment, I thought she was going to say 'no'. But the stunned look soon gave way to a girlish squeal, and with the strength of three men she picked me off the ground in her human arms and hugged me tight. 

After that little slip up, she cleared her throat and patted down her lace top. "Well then. I declare thee E-V - Princess of Spiders." 

I bowed down, as I thought was appropriate and there, below the ragged remains of my dress, was not the two human legs I expected, rather, the back-half of a spider and all eight legs, waiting for my command.


The three looked between each other.  There was no more time for words.  No more words were necessary.  

They knew their places.

Jesus swung into the driver's seat.  It was the only real place for him, and there wasn't another option, when it came right down to it.  Buddha didn't fit behind the wheel, and they'd both seen Satan at work on that flask inside his jacket through the day.  No, Jesus would handle it.

Their wheels spun on the gravel.  The others were circling, now.  It was time.  The final battle, the final fight to see who would win the game once and for all.  Jesus and Satan teaming up was a given.  The other candidates had complained - it wasn't fair - but complaining got them nowhere.  

They all tried to pretend like they weren't going to do the exact same thing as soon as the opportunity presented itself.  They looked between each other edgily, sizing the competition up.  Picking teams.

Buddha, on the other hand, was a surprise.  What incentive did *he* have for working together with the terrible twosome?  His smooth, expressionless face gave no hint of an answer as he clambered all the way up behind the gun mounted in the truck bed.  His bare feet were steady on the metal floor, perfectly centered even as his girth swung disconcertingly.  

"Here they come!" Satan roared.  He had elected himself shot-caller, of course, even though they hadn't set teams.  Neither of the other two were surprised by *that*, either.  He'd always needed to have the last word on things.

The first contenders were approaching.  Muhammed was out front, leaning out the side door of a torn-up station wagon.  He clutched a rocket launcher in his hands.  They could see Shiva behind the wheel, grinning like a madcap as he spun the wheel.  The overburdened little car nearabouts rode up on two wheels as they whipped into a donut.

"Shoot!  Shoot!  Now, goddammit!  Why aren't you shooting yet?!"  Satan screamed.  Jesus gritted his teeth, choosing to ignore the fact that his father's name was being taken in vain alongside him.  Buddha was just watching, sizing up the shot.  And then his meaty finger gripped the trigger.

The roar of the gun was deafening.  Satan clapped his hands over his ears, roaring with laughter as the gleaming, glowing rounds arced out towards the station wagon.  Shiva was swearing - they could see that much, even though his words were lost to distance and the racket.  But they were spinning too fast.  The ground between them erupted into shredded sand and mud.

Muhammed wasn't waiting anymore.  A plume of fire shot from the rocket launcher.

Everything happened all at once, after that.

"Satan!"  Jesus cried.  He, too, was turning now, but there was only so much he could be expected to do.  He was supposed to be positioning them to attack.  Defending them was-

"I got it, I got it!  Don't get your robes in a bunch."  Satan hissed.  Defending them was *his* job.  He lurched dangerously in his seat, barely holding on.  But he pulled his hand up into an almost-level position, mimicking a gun.

"Bang."

Red circles appeared endlessly around their truck.  Something was coming up from underground.

"*Damn* it, Satan.  Do you have to-"

"Don't complain, big guy.  Left.  Left.  Go-"

The truck whipped into a left-hand turn, narrowly avoiding the black pillars shooting up around them.  Jesus shook his head.

"I've *got it*.  Stop backseat driving."

The other teams were coalescing, now.  One after another, the deities were lining up for the big fight.  They all knew.  Whoever won this, would win the world.  And none of them wanted to lose.

He could almost see them, if he squinted.  Four sets of hooves, barely visible under the cloudline where they floated.  Watching.  Waiting.  The final fight, for whoever crushed the competition here.

He winced.  The little station wagon had just been slammed by a hummer.  He could see Ra through the front window, glowing faintly from the shit-eating grin on his face.  Oddly noodle-like tentacles were swarming out of the vehicle, attaching themselves to the station wagon.  Which seemed to be *vanishing* into the mass of pasta.

"Drive!  Drive!"  Satan screamed in his ear.  The roar of the chaingun from the truck bed was almost a constant companion, now.  

Jesus grinned, flexing his hands on the wheel.

And then he drove.

(/r/inorai, critiques always welcome.  And going to head it off, I know that Buddha isn't really the fat jolly man statue most people associate with it, but, *most people associate that with him*.)

~~Note - Another part or two is a possibility tonight when I get home, although this won't for obvious reasons be a long term project beyond that.  If you want to be notified *should* that second part happen, leave a comment in the thread about this post on my sub.  It's linked above :) I will notify anyone in that thread re: updates.~~

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inorai/comments/7dc6op/heavenly_pubg_part_2)


Burning debris littered the sky, as though a wall of hate against us, climbing higher and higher. The shadows grew into reaching arms, hiding the true enemy we tried to outrun: Man.


But to say that is facetious, I suppose. What enemies had we that we did not cultivate ourselves? The pot had boiled over and the world was full of steam and hate. They needed someone to batter, to release all the hell we put them through.


Sirens flared behind. The police cars were gaining. 


"Hurry Christ! Goddamn it hurry!"


"Oh Father, oh Father, oh Father..."


He could not drive. He was a short man. His hair was oily, thick and short. 


*Had you cared to come back, they would not have accepted you,* I thought.


I felt almost sorry for him.


"Can't take the heat?" said Lucifer.


Of all of us he was the one who enjoyed. They did not have to believe in him when they acted out his will freely.


"Why are you even here?" I asked him. "You cannot die."


"Why are you here?" he asked.


Gunshots rang like nearby thunder. The sky was red and dark.


"I... I..."


I did not know how to answer him. I was a man. I had no memories from before. I had awoken with them, us failures.


"A man amongst gods!" Lucifer screamed.


Buddha was firing. I wondered why he would do that. Was he not a pacifist? 


From the burning carcass of the explosion we had caused, there were ghostly things, shadows rising like clouds, giving chase above the cars.


"What is happening?" Jesus asked.


Back then I did not know. I won't lie and say I have all the answers now, but I think I know better. Those were growing pains that caused the earthquake. A build up of some kind had ripped the city open. The fires sprouted in vast columns. Many were dead. More were dying.


I think the world had given up waiting, or reached its seams. What gods shaped it, had never come. And then it was time to move on.


Jesus turned off the highway. A bullet pierced the back glass. I felt the heat of my blood pour in slow rivers everywhere. My head hurt.


*So I can die,* I thought.


"Why are they hunting us?" Buddha cried.


He fired his gun. Rubber squealed. A car ran off and hit the barricade.


"My children," cried Christ.


I admit I was angry then. Lucifer was laughing, feeding off my hate.


"You should not have abandoned them!" I screamed. "Why did you?"


"I would have come back!" screamed Jesus. "They needed patience."


"I never left them," said Buddha. "And who are you anyway to question the divine?"


I remained quiet. We were near the suburbs. Jesus slowed to a crash on a light pole. The sparks left tracers in the falling dark. Lucifer suffered whiplash and he would not move. He was a skinny man with bony features and thin hair.


"Leave him," said Jesus. "Let them take his scum."


"No, we cannot!" I said.


They were running without me. Buddha had lost his gun. They limped past the gathered few and their was a catching frenzy. Many of the people had lost their loved ones that morning. The news had blamed us already.


"There they are!"


A man pointed his gun at me.


"The other terrorists went that way," he said.


I backed away from Lucifer. He was hardly breathing. He would never truly die. Not in this world.


"You terrorist scum!" the man said.


He was shaking. Others surrounded me. Jesus and Buddha had gone. They had always been gone, I imagine.


"No," I said. "I'm not a terrorist. I'm..."


I had no name. 


"I'm Stephen," I said.


The name had just come. The man's gun trembled.


"Stephen? Stephen who?"


Others from the crowd began to call out other names, as though I had said them.


"Patrick?"


"Did he say Mike? Mikey?"


I looked at the old man with his gun. The police were coming, the wall of fire rising into smoke. The shadow monsters raced past overhead. They were a hunting black, hunting the fallen gods.


The old man was fighting tears. 


"What's your name?" he asked.


I could tell he would not ask again.


"Stephen Algiers," I said.


It just come, and then was gone like a fleeting warmth against confusion's cold.


The man dropped the gun.


"Stephen," he said. 


He ran to me and hugged me. The others had heard different names.


"Baby!"


They all embraced me, holding on to me as though they were the only ones to do so.


"What's going on?" I asked.


"I thought you died in the earthquake, son."


They all thought I was another. I was always someone who had died. I was the miracle, their catalyst for hope.


The police reacted the same. They brought ambulances for me, and continued the hunt for the gods. I could feel their presence within me. Lucifer suffered as they embraced me. They took him away. There was no shadow hunting him.


The others were caught, but not by men. As the fires dwindled and the sky became a stained black, I lost their feeling within. They were ghosts once more, Jesus and Buddha, a memory that had been taken by the shadows. I cannot explain it any other way.


They put me wherever I wanted to be. I had no home, and so I stayed at a shelter. Then I stayed at their homes. Each person saw in me something they had lost; someone they had longed for.


"Can't you see?" I asked, but they only saw what they wanted to.


The city rebuilt itself slowly. The churches dwindled. Prayer dissolved into smoke, until it became taboo, and then forgotten. I think about what happened, and yet no answer comes, a vague picture forms.


I think maybe the Earth had grown too long in one way. The gods had shaped it, but they had long gone. That shape was breaking, the Earth needing to grow in a new way. No longer did it receive the nurturing the gods had given. Too much time had passed.


And so it broke free. All that pent up hate and frustration had fueled the fires. The virus of the gods needed to be purged. And the Earth purged them. I was left alone.


Who am I, this amnesiac fool? There is no answer. I have no self. I think I am the seed that survives the destruction. The seed that can plant hope, and sprout new gods if I so please. For it is belief that makes them. Belief creates a tangible thing, the shaper of our world.


I can get them to believe again and start everything over. It is simple.


"How did you survive?" they always ask.


"God saved me," I can say.


But I don't. I have not. I am not sure I ever will. I let the questions linger and let their relief fill that aching void. They hold me for the time they have. Deep down they must know I am not who they truly miss, but the illusion helps. Hope heals, and that is the greatest miracle of all.


And so I live these days for others. I listen for the gods as the world moves on. I hear only an empty silence.


-


*Hi there! If you liked this story, you might want to subscribe to my subreddit r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including a couple un-prompted ones. Thank you for your support!*


We raced around the corner in our stolen Humvee, tipping onto two wheels for a few dangerous moments before slamming back onto the ground. The vehicle groaned, stressed even despite its robust, Mil-Spec design. Maybe it wasn’t designed for fighting zombie, I don’t know. Accelerating down the street, I looked over my shoulder, taking my eyes off the road for a few precious seconds. My eyes caught a glimpse of a few of the faster ones rounding the corner in the distance before there was a sickening lurch, and we were airborne. As we slammed into the ground my lip got caught between my teeth, and I felt the coppery taste of blood fill my mouth.   
  
Maybe I should explain how I got here. The day started out normally enough. I woke up fairly late, having the day both off of school and work, an unusual combination for me. Stretching, I reached for my phone, checking for notifications. The only thing I saw was a post I’d been tagged in on Facebook. Shrugging, I opened it up, figuring I had a few minutes before I needed to start my day. It was one of those “Who would be in your post-apocalypse team” posts. I shrugged, and had almost closed the app when I realized that the pictures weren’t the standard action heroes and celebrities. In fact, they were religious figures like Mohammed, Jesus, Satan, and The Flying Spaghetti Monster. I snorted, but started typing my comment. Hitting the post button, I went to shower and eat breakfast.    
  
As I finished eating, my doorbell rang. Looking up at the clock quizzically, I stood up to go check who it was. I wasn’t expecting a delivery or company, so no one should have been at the door. I looked out the peephole, and was even more confused. A man, dressed in a white robe with a red sash, stood outside, checking his phone. I almost didn’t answer the door, but something about the way he was dressed had me curious. Opening the door, I left the screen door closed.    
  
“Uh, hi. Who are you?”  
  
The man looked up, his eyes piercing and almost luminescent. “My name is Jesus. Jesus Christ. You said you needed a post-apocalyptic survival team?”  
  
“I mean, I did reply to that- hey wait a minute, are you stalking me on Facebook?”  

 
Snorting, he shakes his head. “No, but the apocalypse is scheduled to start in about 5 minutes. We should go inside for the first part, otherwise this will be a very short lived team.”  
  
I almost slammed the door, but then I looked past him. A white McLaren was parked at the curb, and a dark red one was pulling up behind it. My eyes widened as a man with red skin in a suit stepped out. Looking at my mailbox, he checked his phone and nodded. Walking up my driveway, he inclined his head to the man already outside my door as he stopped next to him.  
  
“Hello Jesus, long time no see,” he said, looking down at his phone and typing something.  
  

“Satan, it has been a while.” The man in the white robe turned to look at me. “Well, are you going to let us in? We’re down to about 3 minutes. Buddha will be a bit late, he always is.”  

I stared at them both, and then the cars again. Much as I didn’t want to let them in, I wanted to know why two guys dressed like they were had cars that nice. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt? I knew that saying that probably made my chances of it going well worse, but my chances probably weren’t high to begin with. Opening the door, I stepped to the side wordlessly. They walked in, checking their phones. The one in the suit closed the door behind him, still on his phone. Looking up to me staring, he winked and walked into the living room after the one in the robe.  
   
Following them, I kept scratching my head. I shouldn’t have let them in my house. Why did I do that? Why wasn’t I asking them to leave? Before I could follow that train of thought, their phones started blaring a warning klaxon at the same time. The one in the suit just kept typing, and the one in the robe swiped away a notification without looking at it as their phones stopped the noise.  
   
“Well, here we go,” the one in the robe said, looking out the window.
Looking outside with him, my jaw dropped. The sky had turned a dark gray color, and there were columns of light scattered about. What looking like people were rising up the columns through the clouds and disappearing. I opened the window and looked around, but it was definitely real.  
   
“I have to be going crazy. That’s… that’s the only thing that makes sense.” I started breathing heavily, my head pounding. Suddenly, there was a new knock on the door, and I felt a calming presence outside. The other two nodded.  
  
“There he is. Why does being at peace come with the inability to be anywhere on time?” the man in the suit said it as he put his phone away.  
   
The man in the robe shrugged. “No idea, but at least we can get started. Do you think he got it?”  
  
Shrugging, the man in the suit headed towards the door. “No idea, but we need to leave. It won’t be safe here for much longer.”  
  
I stared back and forth between them, bewildered. I still felt that odd feeling of peace, despite my apparent mental breakdown, but it was as if something nearby was telling me it didn’t matter, and that it would be all right. The man in the robe followed the one in the suit, and I followed the two of them, hoping they’d leave and my mental break would end.  
  
Instead, they opened the front door, and a man in an orange robe was standing out front, whistling. He was jingling a set of keys, and he broke into a wide smile when he saw us.  
   
“Ah, so you are still here. Good, I wasn’t sure. Come, I found the vehicle you wanted. The soldiers using it didn’t seem to have much need for it with the chaos around them.”  
   
I looked behind him to see what he was talking about, and my jaw dropped. There was a Humvee parked on my lawn, with the U.S. flag painted on the doors, and what appeared to be a machine gun on the roof. Staring at it, I swallowed hard.  
  
“What the fuck is that Humvee doing on my lawn? Are you guys insane? Or am I actually hallucinating?”  
  
All three of them looked at me at the same time and the orange one spoke up. “We know you don’t understand. Let me keep it simple. That post you replied to this morning? It was a legitimate question. You picked us first, so you get to have us. I am Buddha, and this man in the suit is Satan, and the other one is Jesus. We’ll keep you safe, or at least try our best. Now, let us go, the zombie are about to come around the corner.”  
  
I opened my mouth to say something, and then there was a crash. Looking around, I saw a door fall flat on the sidewalk, and a shambling figure step out of it. It was very clearly missing body parts it really, really should have had. Grabbing my jacket, I held my hand out for the keys.   
  
“Fine, but I’m driving.” My voice was surprisingly steady and calm.
They looked at each other, finally shrugging. The one in the orange robe, Buddha I guess, tossed the keys to me. I slid into the drivers seat as Satan took the passenger seat while Buddha and Jesus took the back seats. Starting the Humvee, I stepped on the gas and headed for down town.  
   
“Where are we headed?” I asked as I drove, belatedly realizing I had no idea where we were going.  
  
“The Downtown mall. It’ll be full of people, but we need supplies, and we have an advantage on our side,” Satan said casually, eyeing the rearview mirror.  
  
Nodding, I sped up and headed onto the freeway. Passing more of those shambling figures from time to time, we also saw survivors who waved at us for help. We didn’t stop until the crash.  
  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Spitting the blood out of my mouth and out the window, I turned to see what had happened. It looked like I’d hit a median, and it had launched us into the air. Luckily, I’d hit it at just the right angle to keep us on track. The bad news was, we were surrounded by zombies, and they were getting closer. Looking around in a panic, my gaze stopped on Buddha.  
  
“We can help you. All you have to do is ask.” 
He said it simply, but I suddenly understood what I was doing wrong. A plan sprung to mind, and I started firing out orders as I started to switch seats.  
   
“Jesus, take the wheel. Satan, get behind me, I’m riding shotgun. Buddha… man the .50 cal.”  
  
------------------
  
Hope you guys liked my post! I decided to give this one a shot because I haven't written in a while, and this seemed like a fun place to start. I welcome any feedback or criticism you may have, and happy writing!
  
EDIT: Just learned Humvee’s don’t have keys. Oops.


Five words. Five words that would change the world.

The Old Gods had returned. 

At first the world did not notice that anything had changed. They assumed that global warming was a result of man-made carbon emissions and pollution. They thought that the increase in violence and strife was a result of burgeoning religious fundamentalism or a desire for democratic rule. The effects were subtle, and humans among all the other animals in the world are the most egotistical and narcissistic. Of course they were causing these problems.  

They were wrong. 
 
Of course, it took something more than just people killing each other over religion or the Great Barrier Reef dying to realize this. On November 12, 2017 a being suddenly appeared over Baghdad, Iraq. It was a nebulous dark mass of smoke, tentacles and fire. It's red eyes stared over the ancient city from over a mile above the ground. The world panicked. 

Humans by their very nature are good at ignoring things that are unpleasant. Death and existential dread first and foremost above them. They could ignore these no longer for they had become manifest. We're not sure if it was the scientists or journalists that first named this creature, but it came to be known as Thanatos. 

The god of Death. 

The creature did not move for 24 hours, the fires of its eyes never dimming nor closing. After one day to the very second, Thanatos opened its mouth and screamed. The very earth cried out in pain and a massive earthquake struck, destroying homes and killing hundreds. 

Before the ground could calm and the sound die down, a dark smoke began to issue from Thanatos' mouth. As the black mist wafted down it began to compact and spin away from the larger mass of smoke. These pieces hit the ground like midnight meteors, throwing up dirt and dust. Many people were outside trying to avoid collapsing buildings so they noticed fairly quickly the *things* crawling from the various craters within the city. It took days to get a picture of these children of Thanatos. 

They had killed everyone. 
***

2nd Part - https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7d6cjy/wp_jesus_take_the_wheel_satan_get_behind_me/dpvi5cl/

3rd Part - https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7d6cjy/wp_jesus_take_the_wheel_satan_get_behind_me/dpvn2pt/


**7 MONTHS AGO**

Steve watched the end of civilization descend upon him at 20 times the speed of sound. A dozen spindles of light seemed to blossom from a single point in the night sky before streaking down toward the city.

*So this is it. This is how we all die.*

The first of the MIRVs detonated several miles away, but even from that distance the light was unbearable. Steve felt a rising wave of heat rush across his skin.

*Jesus... Buddha... Satan... somebody!* 

There was another flash, this time much closer. And with that, Steve was gone.

----

**PRESENT DAY**

Dust billowed into the air behind an armored pickup truck as it sped westward through the desert, chasing the last rays of the setting sun. Jesus had the wheel in a white-knuckled deathgrip. The fuel gauge had stopped working weeks ago, but he knew there wasn't enough to make it. The steel plates Steve had welded to the frame were great at stopping small arms fire, but they didn't help the aging vehicle's already poor gas mileage.

"... Sid, lay down some fuckin' fire!"

Siddhartha's reply came a moment later as the M2 roared, tracer rounds piercing the cloud of dust behind them. Sparks and tracers ricocheting in the darkness announced that the Buddha's last burst had struck home. Leaving a trail of burning fuel, the closest of the pursuing trucks veered to the right and began tumbling violently.

"To live is to suffer, motherfucker!"

The Buddha's maniacal laughter was interrupted by ever-longer bursts of automatic fire. Steve and Jesus exchanged a knowing glance. Neither were completely comfortable with their "enlightened" gunner's newfound bloodlust.

"Jesus Christ, that guy's crazy." Steve said. "He's going to melt the goddamn barrel at this rate."

Jesus kept his eyes forward, pretending not to hear his human compatriot over the Buddha's enthusiastic use of the .50 cal. He was slightly annoyed at having his name taken in vain, but it was their fuel situation that truly had him worried. He might be able to turn water into diesel, but there was no more water to spare. He made a hard turn, leaving the scorched dirt for the ruins of an interstate highway. Steve held his breath as the engine sputtered, then began running smoothly again.

"We're not gonna make it to St. Louis." Steve said. "Lucy, you got any tricks up your sleeve?"

Satan sat calmly in the rear cab, eyes closed, unfazed by the banter and gunfire. Her concentration was elsewhere. She felt two more of their pursuers' souls pass into Hell, but that, too, was a distraction. There were many more souls in the trucks behind them, and at least one divine being in the air above. This situation might demand that she reveal skills she would have preferred to keep hidden, but there was no alternative. Satan spoke for the first time in the firefight. 

"Floor it till we run out of gas. Put as much distance between us and those trucks as you can. They've got eyes above."

Jesus smiled. "I think we've got some things in the back for that."

The truck sped down the deserted highway, running on fumes and desperation. Steve looked at the heavier weapons arrayed in the truck bed, half-buried under a pile of the Buddha's spent brass. A few rocket propelled grenades, and an old anti-aircraft missile. He wasn't looking forward to using those things. Back in Atlanta, Jesus had helped Dionysus restock on wine in exchange for several of the weapons, but they'd not had cause to use them. Yet.

The engine sputtered a final time, then died. In the irradiated wasteland behind them, shrouded by ash and concealed in darkness, Quetzalcoatl circled. 

----

It had been days since Quetzalcoatl had gorged himself on the still-beating heart of a mortal being, and now his prey was cornered. He screeched with elation and dove from the sky toward his quarry. Months ago, he would have been content to have his followers bring him the offering. But in his hunger, Quetzalcoatl had grown impatient.

He saw the stranded truck and imagined the beating of the mortal's heart on his tongue. All of the creatures below could no doubt see him by now, but creatures of the earth were of no concern to a winged serpent. The conjured flames burned impossibly bright and moved as if of their own volition, but they paid the feathered god no heed, instead seeming content keep his mortal followers at bay. 

*Foolish creatures.*

Blinded by his own hunger and Satan's flames, Quetzalcoatl did not notice the the anti-aircraft missile streaking toward him until it was too late. Not until he was knocked from the sky with a force he had never experienced before. Screaming in rage, he clawed at the air and flapped his broken wings as the ground drew ever closer. The fallen god had no time to register the impact before Satan's flames consumed him.


Dead Man's Hand 

His name was Loyal Jones and he and his brother Lucian "El Diablo" Jones were on the run. US customs were on their ass hard core. 

 Getting to the Ghost Canyon in Mexico was the only way. they weren't going to be dead men or worse. 

"Jesus, Take the wheel." Loyal chambered a round on his M16 . "Satan , behind me. 

Jesus Vega  glowered at him though if you'd asked him, he's have said the name fit. Lucian was a scary blanco even by cartel standards 

"Budda, get the 50 cal." 

Enrico Vega was as always placid which given his rather unpleasant military background was kind of surprise. The heavy bolt on Ma Duece made a heavy clatter. 

"Looks like two pair and a duece"  Lucian grinned

"We'll be a dead mans hand if we fuck this up" Buddha said . The men looked at him in surprise but nodded, the serious potential for Los Personas No Mas was on everyone's mind. 

The two and half ton truck  was elderly though the engine and suspension upgrades were a lot more high speed low drag than you'd expect from this kind of vehicle, the mounted 50 cal also came in handy

As the truck roared to life they could see the Federales were closing in ,four  big GMC trucks and a helicopter.

The big 50 boomed, 10 rounds in a second , smashed through thin skinned vehicles like tissue paper . The first careened off the road and the second swerved 

Loyal and his crew  had a narrow window in which to escape, not much time before DHS sent in something with a lot more firepower or just blew them to hell 

The 50 boomed again and it was followed by a much quieter round from an M203 mounted under Loyal M16. The helo veered off, the pilot must have sensed something or was just avoiding the .50 cal 

The chase was still on though and while the Mexican border with its paid off guards was only a few miles away , it felt like an endless run 

More trucks joined in , probably a dozen now kicking up an epic duct storm as the careened across the desert behind them. No doubt some BLM or EPA guy would have shat a brick if he'd seen it but the DHS's wanted blood. 

 Buddha kept them back , dropped another 90 rounds from the big machine gun  in short burst till he was out  . He yelled "Empty" 

"Don't worry about it" Loyal yelled. He was worried, the gas tank was leaking like a sieve , probably caught round from the DHS guys 

"Hang on!" Jesus made a tight S turn, a fantastic move for a two and half ton truck doing sixty and slid into a blind spot. They were far enough over the border that DHS wouldn't follow them 

"That's why they  always say Jesus take the wheel " Satan cracked 

"Fuck you, Cabron' but Jesus was grinning from the adrenaline rush and just for being alive

Buddha climbed off the vehicle "Well, could have been better but  got the money. Looks like we won't cash in our chips today." 

Loyal heaved a sigh , thanks God or somebody Santa Muerte who knows for another day with  a good crew. He got out his cell phone, time to call for a ride, Since the money was all there, and a a little more, El Jefe wouldn't be too pissed and they'd get paid. 

Time for tequila , senrioitas and some well earned rest.


The humvee rocked relentlessly as it tore through the rough terrain, almost throwing God out of the driver's seat. His vice-like grip on the steering wheel was the only thing keeping him in the vehicle. He yanked it back and forth in desperate attempts to avoid the incoming ordinance, eyes twitching to the rear view mirror for guidance. *Goddamnit,* he thought, catching glimpses of the rising dust cloud behind him, *the humans are closing faster than I expected.*

"Jesus Christ," shouted Jesus Christ, "do you see that?"

"It's about time they took us seriously," laughed Satan.

"What is it?" asked God through gritted teeth, swerving to avoid another explosion.

"A gunship, father," said Jesus, his voice sinking, "a very, very large one."

God glanced into the mirror once more. An enormous flying fortress now dominated the sky behind them, gaining fast. Its metallic skin glinted in the dying sun, revealing an arsenal of weapons more fearsome than any he'd seen before. Evasive manoeuvres would be useless against a monster like that. He would have to do something drastic.

"Jesus, take the wheel," he said, turning to face his son.

"Father, no, your powers are nearly—"

He put his hand on Jesus' shoulder to calm him, smiling softly, then looked to the back of the jeep. "Satan, get behind me." 

"Heh, you got it boss," he grunted, hauling an assault rifle in both hands.

"Buddha... man the fifty cal." 

The bulging man only smiled in response. Then, with calm resolve, he shifted his weight behind the turret, grasped the trigger, and took aim at the encroaching hordes. A moment later, the sound of jolly laughter and blazing gunfire filled the air.

"Please don't do this, father," said Jesus, squeezing past God into the driver's seat, "we won't be able to survive without you."

"I know you are afraid, my son, but technically speaking... well, you *are* me."

Jesus' shoulders sagged. "I could never be as great as you."

"Nonsense. The mistakes I have made are countless, and creating these monsters is only one of them." He gestured out to the approaching armada. "I don't want you to be as great as me. I want you to be *better*."

And with that he leapt into the air, Satan at his side. The ground shrunk below him, revealing the extent of the human army. There were thousands of them, swarming like ants, devouring the land in their vicious pursuit. A pang of guilt struck him as he watched. Everything was his fault. He wasn't omniscient, he couldn't have known that it would end this way, but he should never have given them so much power. They were his greatest mistake... and he would pay for it with his life.

"You sure you wanna do this, boss?" Satan was hovering beside him, brown fur whipping wildly in the wind, rifles slung against his shoulders.

"We've had our turn, old friend." He smiled, familiar energy swelling up inside him. "It's time to pass on the mantle."

Satan grinned in return, madness flashing in his eyes. Then they turned their attention on the writhing mass of damned souls below them. 

Deities were not immortal, nor omnipotent. It had taken a long time for the humans to figure that out. Their technology and numbers were overwhelming now, and God wasn't sure if his kin would be able to survive the onslaught. But he did know one thing. He would give his son as much time as possible to gather his forces and fight. The humans would never forget this day.

The day that heaven and hell rained their wrath upon them.


"But..but..I'm not a violent person. I.."

"Buddha we talked about this!", Satan screamed. "This isn't about principles. It's about fucking survival! Now man the 50 for fuck sake!"

"Shouldn't we wait for Mohammed?"

"You know exactly why he isn't here right now!"

FSM reloaded his M416. Satan threw the last of the dead soldiers from the technical. Their enemies arrived much earlier than expected. And this time they brought much more manpower than last time.

"Jesus, gogogogogo!!!"

Jesus hit the iron. And not a second too early. A giant horde of minions came from behind and the group barely managed to get away before they reached them. Satan opened fire with his ACE on the horde.

"Buddha, what are you waiting for??????"

"It's not working! I pull the trigger and nothing happens!"

"Did you release the safety catch?"

"The what?"

Satan pulled the switch down. The gun went live immediately and rained lead on their pursuers.

"Roadblock ahead!!!"

The minions near the barricade were installing a machinegun. Without second thought Satan took his RPG and fired the rocket at them, turning them into a smoldering mess of burned meat and metal.

"Good thing I wished for a rocketlauncher for christmas."

FSM was fumbling on his notebook meanwhile.

"We need to find another hideout till we are finished with our preparations. This incident here is going to throw us back for months. And...OH SHIT! TANK! TANK! GET OUT!!!!!!"

A T90 took position in front of them. The group barely managed to jump out before the main gun blew their car away. Satan lifted his rocketlauncher again and fired at the tank.

The rocket exploded and left only some burn marks on the hull.

"Fucking reactive armor man...."

The group sprinted away while the tank fired his machinegun at them. They found cover behind a large boulder.

"All right chaps, check your weapons and ammo. I still got 200 rounds for my M60. FSM?"

"6 mags for my M416."

Satan reloaded the RPG.

"3 mags for my ACE and 2 rockets."

Buddha pulled out a Kolibri.

"What the fuck?????"

"It was the cutest gun I've ever seen. I couldn't just let it go to waste."

They were interrupted by someone clapping behind them.

"Magnificent! This story will be the blockbuster of this season!"

Entertainment was standing in front of them. Behind him a platoon of his minions, armed to the teeth.

"Now, would you kindly drop your weapons? And whatever Buddha is holding in his hand."

The group did as they were told.

"How did you find us?"

"Do you really think hiding in a jungle would save you? Even tough Internet has his main power in the large cities doesn't mean he can't work together with Technology."

Satan rolled his eyes.

"Of course....and let me guess: Outrage recruited millions of his followers which you could send against us as expandable canonfodder?"

"You got it!"

Entertainment was smiling.

"The times of the old gods is over. Even tough you don't want to accept it. People don't worship you anymore, they don't follow your principles because they are boring! Who would seriously pursue virtues when they can have satisfy all of their lowly needs with just a few clicks and numb their conscience with media? So it's not dear Jesus, hail Satan or praise FSM anymore. It's Consum now and follow Entertainment."

Entertainment gave a signal and the minions put them into chains.

"But don't worry. We have a nice and cozy prison cell for you. And don't think anyone would come to save you. Pfff, what kind of sane person asks Odin or Ares for help nowadays?"


"In 1972, a crack celestial unit was sent to purgatory by an atheist court for being the justification for a pile of crimes they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security cruise ship to the Jerusalem underground. Today, still wanted by the government, individually by various religious organisations, and some very pro-active marketing departments they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them....maybe you can hire The G-Team."

*Jesus "Nailer" Christ*

*Gautama "Irish" Buddha*

*Lucifer "Pretty Boy" Satin*

*and...*

*Gabe "Mr. S" Newell*


The Buddha picks up the gun sitting on the floor of the passenger seat, he takes a long breathe in and out. 

 “Black implies white, you can’t have without the other. It’s simple. What was so hard about keeping this balance then, Satan?!”

Jesus looks back at us, “Yeah man, even God’s upset.”

Satan gives an incredulous look. “Wait, Big Daddy up there is mad about there being more goodness in the world?”

Everyone is unison says “Yes!”

 “You guys are twisted” 

The Buddha leans his head out the window and aims at a flying robot speeding towards the car. He fires a succession of shots before it falls down to the earth. 

“Look Satan,” I say, “The council has had a change of plans. We realized what all this altruism entails for humanity, so we want to help. We don’t want them going extinct.”

Jesus pipes in, “In actuality, God just doesn’t want to have to compete with the super intelligent AI humans are building. We need them to start focusing on biological evolution again, not technology.”

 “All you have to do is tweak the nature of human hearts a little so they can lean towards patriarchy, authoritarianism, sexism, racism. You know things like that. So what do you say?”

Satan in a serious tone only replies with “No”

 “But I didn’t even tell you about all the benefits-“

 “I said no, and that it.”

The others stir up. 

“What?!” 

 “I told you guys that we shouldn’t have saved this good for nothing asshole,” Jesus murmurs

 “Jesus!” The Buddha exclaims, “You cursed.” 

 “Oh I’m sorry.” Jesus says with a pout. “And Satan, I didn’t mean to say that. You’re not an ass, you were made in the image of God, and are lov…”

 “Please, just shut up!” I shout, “We need to figure this out.”


In 72, a crack angelic unit was sent to purgatory by a supernatural court for a crime they didn't commit. These deities promptly escaped from a maximum-security stockade to the [Antioch](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antioch) underground. Today, still wanted by the pantheon, they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem... if no earthly presence can help... and if you can find them... maybe you can hire... The α-ω–Team.

[*Instrumental*](https://youtu.be/_MVonyVSQoM)

Staring [Dirk Benedict](https://youngwombs.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/battlestar-galactica-1980-the-return-of-starbuck-classic-battlestar-galactica-18317206-768-576.jpg) as Jesus of Nazareth

[Dwight Schultz](http://assets5.heart.co.uk/2010/30/dwight-schultz-1280157310-view-0.jpg) as Gautama Buddha

[Mr. T.](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/09/19/article-0-2179867700000578-496_634x833.jpg) as H.A. Satan

And [George Peppard](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cf2ipN0VIAAcVX0.jpg) as Barney the Dinosaur.


“Who the hell picked the codenames for this mission?” José AKA Jesus complained loudly from his designated post as get away driver.

Stanley, who had been codenamed Satan smirked, “Funny you should mention hell.” 

Silvia rolled her eyes, “Very funny Satan. How did I get stuck with the name Shiva? Next time I’m picking the codenames.”

Brandon shook his head, “What I don’t get is how whoever was assigning names decided I would’ve the code name Buddha. Not only am I Roman Catholic, I’m also the sharpshooter!”

Suddenly a stern voice cut in over the radio. “For the last time, keep the radio chatter to a minimum, we don’t want to get caught.”

José looked chastised, “Roger that Mohammed.”

Silvia turned to look at Stanley and said, “But seriously, whose turn was it to pick the code names?”

Stanley chuckled, “If I had to guess? Damien.”

Silvia snorted, “I should have fucking guessed.”

-fin-


Rodrigo Duterte took another hit of cocaine as he stomped on the pedal. Swerving in and out of traffic, Buddha lit up anything and anyone that got in their path.

Rodrigo was happy, for once. The drug dealers dying in their hovels, their wares in his possession. *I'm the king now*, he told himself. *They will all bow down to me.* He took another hit of the blow and reached for a few bags of junk Jesus grabbed on the way out. Jesus was smart like that, always had his eyes out for the good stuff.

Satan thought the whole plan was foolish from the get go. "Rob the drug dealers? Kill them all? I thought you were just fucking around with that shit, using it to trick the fuckwads who 'voted' for you?" Nope, not Rodrigo. Rodrigo never fucks around. What he says, he does, and he said he was gonna kill the drug dealers.

Buddha jumps back into the cab and flicks the radio on. He jacks the volume up all the way, Surgeon blares across the shops and buildings and scared little bugs scamper away from their aggressors. 

"Fuckin' bitches," Buddha shouted. "Come out and fight like real men!" 

Rodrigo laughed, he had to, it was all coming together too perfectly. He grabbed his dagger and dumped the dope onto it, shooting it down in one sniff. Satan reached for another bag and did the same. *He might be a pansy and complain about everything, but at least he knows how to party.* Rodrigo appreciated that. When you're President of the Philippines, all you do is party.

And then as suddenly as it all began, it stopped. Buddha flew through the windshield, launching 50 feet before skidding to a halt, guts strewn all over the road. Jesus screamed as shards of glass pierced his hands and feet, maiming him. A ring of Buddha's skin was draped around his head. Satan was shouting something from the back seat, but Rodrigo couldn't hear. Everything hurt, his head pounded inside itself like a drum full of thunder. He reached down next to him and found one of Buddha's hands. Rodrigo tossed it aside, still too dazed to contemplate what had happened, to understand that it had all fallen apart in an instant. He reached around some more and found it.

Rodrigo Duterte took another hit of cocaine as he stomped on the pedal. Only this time, nothing happened. Excepting that the cocaine woke him up and brought him back to speed. He soaked in the carnage around him. 

"Jesus Christ!" He saw what had been done to his friend, his comrade, a brother in arms in his fight against evil. *This was supposed to be a god.* He stared in shock as a man died before him, bleeding from a thousand wounds.

Rodrigo looked behind him, Satan was gone. *The bastard.* He didn't need him anyway. Rodrigo followed the trail of Buddha's remains to what was left of his mangled body. *I will miss him most of all, but I won't cry. I am the President of the Philippines, and the drugs are mine.* A single tear fell from his eye.

Yet before he could shed another, he saw what was standing beyond Buddha, hand outstretched. The force that had stopped their vehicle dead in its tracks. The only force capable of such an act.

*Odin.* The All Father.

Before Rodrigo could realize it was over, it ended.


"I cannot use a *gun!"* Buddha complained.

"Just point and squeeze, man!" Satan said, taking a long drag on his cigarette. Long hair, beard, tendency to talk like a stoner... I was havin a *lot* of trouble telling him and Jesus apart.

"It's not the technicalities!" Buddha went on. "I cannot *kill!*"

Jesus clasped his hand's together. "He who lives by the sword shall die by the-"

*"SHUT UP!"* everybody else said.

"Look," I went on, "do you not agree that every being receives only their value in karma?"

Buddha shrugged. "Sure."

"And that what happens to a person is *only* what they have earned?"

"Of course!"

"So by aiming that .50cal out the back and sending a bullet storm into those Space Nazis, are you not a brutal, *perfect* mechanism of karmic justice?"

He blinked.

"Just do it, man!" Satan said. "Ask forgiveness later or whatever."

Buddha nodded. "I'm going to do it. *I AM BECOME DEATH, THE DESTROYER OF WORLDS!*"

He smashed the rear window with the butt, aiming the gun out the back and spraying bullets like a madman, every so often stopping to throw some koan or words of wisdom out behind him.

I leaned against the door. "I just taught the purest soul in history how to kid his conscience. This day is going a little weirder than I expected."

"You know what's weirder than that?" Satan asked.

Jesus beamed. "We're the same person, *maaaaan!"*


“Jesus take the wheel!, Satan, get behind me!, Buddha, man that .50 cal” I shouted as we continued to gain speed on the war torn road entering the Lion City.  Riddled with debris of the previous attempts to take the city, the road had become a symbol of failure for the resistance and point of pride for the IoC.   “Four IoC Vehicles 12’o’clock 4 Klicks ahead parked in the middle of the road!” Shouted Buddha over the radio.  “Two white, one red, one black”.  “I have visual” I replied.  “Satan, do we have an alternate route to the main gate?” I Asked.  “Satan?!?” I shouted over the radio.  “I’m looking!” he snapped.  “These maps haven’t been updated since the Day Three assault”.  A female voice intervenes over the radio “They’re posturing, Scouts report those vehicles as inoperable and un-manned”, “Proceed to target”.  “10-4 command” I replied.  “Stay frosty boys, IoC has never been pushed this hard before, there’s no telling how vicious this dog will get.” 


First time posting here - just needed to get what I had out.


"Wouldn't it'd be more fitting if Satan mounted the gun?" Buddha asked, in that same level of near disturbing calm that I had grown accustomed to as Jesus hopped Dukes of Hazzard style into the front seat of the Jeep we had set for our escape. Satan, already upset with having to carry an unconscious Amaterasu in his arms, hurried ahead to place the former captive in the back seat.

"Yeah. Please. I'd rather shoot something then be stuck in the backseat with a filthy Pagen." Jesus turned back to give his brother an incredulous look.

"Lucifer. Language. Also, I would feel more inclined to agree with you and Buddha if he wasn't such a good shot." As Buddha and I took our places, Satan rolled his eyes and pointed to the mounted gun.

"Like you really need to be a good shot with the monster we've got on this baby." I was getting ready to tell the others to stop their bickering, but the sounds of gunfire did the job for me. Well, only long enough for Jesus to focus on driving us away from the internment camp. Buddha's eyes stayed on the facility as the growing distance caused it to shrink in our perspective. We couldn't relax. These people wouldn't stop until all gods and their followers (or sympathizers in my case) were wiped from this earth. "Seriously," Satan continued. "Why all this trouble for a fucking Pagen?"

"Lucifer, if you use the 'P' word one more time, I'll-"

"You'll what? Tell Dad? You know as well as I do that He never gave a shit about them untill people went all 'Clash of the Titans' on us!"

"Friends?" Buddha attempted to interject, but the calm of his voice left him ignored.

"How dare you accuse Father of not caring?!" Jesus' voice began to escalate as he glared down his brother. Sometimes I think he doesn't spend enough time with Buddha. Also, you may think it unwise to look back while driving forward, but c'mon. It's Jesus.

"Companions?" Buddha's second attempt.

"Hmm, lemme think? Oh, I dunno. Maybe COMMANDMENT 1?!"

"Is this your envy talking?"

"Oh yeah," Clear sarcasm "I'm envious that Pops gave me a real job with actual importance while all you did was dick around for 30-somethin' years and die!"

"My job was very important!"

"Right. Getting people hammered and cursing fig tress sounds muy importante."

"Comrades?" Strike three for Buddha.

"Father sent me to teach love! To spread peace!"

"Yeah, and to tell people that growing onions and tomatoes in the same field is a fucking crime!"

"Oh yeah?! And what do you do, huh?!"

"Punish murderers and rapists for all eternity! A job, mind you, that I take very seriously unlike some people!"

"Oi!" I shouted at the bickering deities. "Tweedle-Dick and Tweedle-Balls! Buddha's trying to fucking say something!" Jesus and Satan stopped their arguing to look to my with raised eyebrows. My gaze went to Buddha, still peering out into the distance. "I'm sorry, Buddha, you were saying?"

"Company." In that moment, the brothers and I looked back to see what Buddha had been seeing for God knows how long. Several Jeeps, completely identical to ours, following behind us and slowly advancing. There had to be at least 10 of them.

"Jesus Christ..." said by the man himself, oddly enough. Looking back on it, hearing that said literally by Jesus would normally have been either head turing or a good laugh. All it was at that time, however, was my exact thoughts.

"Jesus! Eyes on the road, and punch it. Satan, protect Amaterasu. Buddha. Give 'em hell." Each of them took to their orders with clear focus. Satan, with the least action to take, looked down at the goddess of the rising sun and sighed.

"I really hope rescuing you was worth it."

(Was all I could write during my break. Will add more later)

Edit: Welp, there you have it. Any feedback would be awesome.


My sneakers tapped gently against the pavement as I walked briskly down the street. I squeezed my way through the peak-hour human traffic, catching whiffs of overly-strong perfume and worse, overly-strong body odor. I don’t like people much. I mean that in the nicest way possible. Two’s company, three’s a crowd, anything more than that is a nightmare. Trying to ignore the occasional sweaty body that rubbed too close against mine as I wormed through the crowd, I wished that everyone would just *stop moving*. 

And then, all of a sudden, they did. The sounds of shoes pattering against the pavement and car horns blaring as frustrated drivers crawled through stand-still traffic disappeared into thin air, as if they’d never been there. A perfect, fragile silence descended upon the world. Every single person, object and animal was frozen. The fat man in a shirt clearly too small for him had stopped, his pudgy leg stretched out mid-stride. A teenage girl with highlights in her hair swept aside her fringe with one hand, the other raised in mid-air in an attempt to adjust her earphones. A flock of pigeons hung artificially in the air, like some sort of elaborate piece of abstract art dangling from the ceiling of a museum. 

Yet even as the world froze around me, I continued moving. In that heartbeat when everything else was locked in time, my left foot landed solidly on the ground, and unconsciously, my right foot had moved forwards, about to take another step. Then I stopped. Nothing compelled me to, not like *something* seemed to compel everything and everyone else to stop, no. I just stood there, in shock and awe. Had my ‘wish’ caused this to happen? What was going on? And yet, even as my thoughts became a jumbled mess, I couldn’t help but smile. Moving around was *so* much easier with everyone stopped in place. 

As it turns out, no, I wasn’t the one who caused that to happen. Time abruptly resumed a short while later, as if nothing at all had transpired. By then, I was out of the crowd, tucked away in the corner of a quiet café. I only noticed when the barista started to move again, the sound of beans being crushed in a grinder giving me the shock of my life. 

The freezes happened over and over again, at random intervals. They never lasted very long, but I definitely wasn’t the one doing it. In fact, as the phenomenon occurred more and more, I *knew* for sure that someone else was stopping time. There’s no good way to explain it, but I could *feel* their presence, somewhere, not too close, but not too far away. I didn’t know if they could sense me too, the way I could sense them, but I knew that they were out there. So far, I hadn’t seen anything or anyone else move during those freezes. 

It may sound stupid now, but I was content to enjoy those little moments while they lasted. It usually wasn’t inconvenient, and it led to some really cool opportunities to prank my friends, or to escape from throngs of people in a busy mall. I knew that my ‘partner-in-crime’ was out there, but I had no desire to find them. In hindsight, that was a mistake. 

My sneakers tapped gently against the pavement as I walked briskly against the street. It was a day much like the one when I had first experienced the peculiar sensation of being the only sentient person in a world of frozen time. Once again, I squeezed through the peak-hour human traffic. Once again, my senses were bombarded by a host of things I hated dealing with. And once again, not unlike many of the other times, I quietly wished that my time-stopping partner might decide to freeze time once more, to allow me to slip out from this nightmare. 

Surprisingly enough, time stopped. It wasn’t often that time stopped at a convenient juncture, so I took the opportunity to dash out of the sticky- literally- situation that I’d found myself enclosed in. And yet, as I took in a gulp of fresh air, something felt wrong. 

It took me a moment to realize what it was. I was having trouble sensing the time-stopper. It wasn’t like the first time, when I just wasn’t aware of them, no. It was as if they were… fading away. Like the dying flame of a candle, about to wink out of existence. 

Belatedly, I wondered what’d happen to me if they vanished while the world was frozen. 

We always think of the important things just a little too late. I felt that pulse from the time-stopper grow weaker and weaker, slowly dissipating like a fine dust floating into the atmosphere. I prayed that time would resume, that everything would go back to normal. 

And yet, that perfect, fragile silence remained intact. Every single person, object and animal was still frozen. The random passers-by were all stuck in time, locked in place, halfway through their last action before the world had decided to stop. A flock of crows hung artificially in the air, like some sort of elaborate piece of abstract art dangling from the ceiling of a museum.

I screamed, my voice ricocheting and echoing off the tall buildings that surrounded me. 

But no response came. 

*****
 
*more stories at /r/chasing_mist*

*I write a story a day [here](http://yearofpilgrimage.wordpress.com)*


Ok...... This is weird. Everybody else has stopped moving again. But there's no way I did it. Somebody else did this. I look around trying to figure out if someone else is moving. Around me people have paused driving, walking, whatever they had been doing. I walk around them looking for any sign that they're awake, but nobody blinks when I try to wake them. Huh..... ok. This is different then the first couple of times.

At first I didn't notice it. When it happened it only lasted around three seconds. I always kept my head down in school so I didn't know everybody else has stopped. Then one day I put my head up and noticed. It was great. After I freaked out for a bit I began pranking the bullies. They'd "Wake" attached to the flag pole, or with their head in a toilet. I thought it was amazing. I thought it was me. I can tell now I was wrong.

This is the longest they've ever been frozen. It's been about 30 minutes now and I haven't found anyone moving. Hell, they might not even be from around here. I walk around the sidewalk towards my apartment where a dogs frozen taking a crap on the lawn. I snort and press against the door. It takes a little but I'm able to force it open. 

I walk up the stairs past Mrs. O'Leary, She's frozen with her mouth open screaming at another tenant who was just trying to go back into their apartment. I grab Mrs. O'Leary and take her outside of the already open door. I make myself laugh as I set her down in the dog poop. Then walk back inside.

It's weird not hearing the creaks as I walk up the stairs. When I move in this state I don't leave a trace. I can't be heard, I guess because time is frozen on objects. That's why I have to press as hard as I can to get a freaking door open. I walk into my "closet" otherwise known as an apartment. It's alright. I've got a room, a couch, a kitchen, and a bathroom. They just all happen to be in the same room.

I sigh and grab a soda from the fridge. I head to the couch but the sight of my laptop open stops me. I could have sworn I closed it when I left. I look around the room and lock the door, then I sit down on the couch. I look at the computer but don't try to turn it on. It wont work until time has restarted. 

A minute later I can hear the birds chirping outside, people honking at each other, Mrs. O'Leary screaming at the dog who's poop she just landed it. The laptop turns on and a video loads. It's of my apartment. I hesitantly press the button. For a second nothing happens. Then a woman appears. 

"Hey little brother..... we need to talk."

I hear the door open behind me. The one I just locked.


I stand, leaning against her. Ever leaning against her. I have been doing so as long as I can remember. She's behind me. And I've got my back against her. My legs dug in, pushing futile against her. My legs used to ache, I think. Perhaps I only imagined it and then later forgot it was only imagining. Either way, they didn't ache now. They didn't anything now. Except push. They pushed my back against her.

She was silent, for her part. Everything was silent. The little bird was silent. The squirrels. The people. Dozens of people around us. So resolute in their silence. I'm silent too, mostly. I remember making a noise. That I do remember. Because when I made the noise, it seemed so loud my ears hurt afterwards. So I don't make any noise either.

She's still. So still. But I push. I always push. She doesn't move. The wrinkle in her coat sticks into my back. It used to hurt. But I pushed anyway. Her jacket was soft. Soft was when you touched and it moved. But she doesn't move. I push, and she's still there.

Beside us is the thing. The thing is ready to move. I remember that. It's got a person in it. They have a surprised look on their face. Their hands off the wheel part of the thing, trapped halfway to covering their stupid surprised face. Their stupid hair, and their stupid mole. The stupid dribble of whatever they had been putting in their stupid mouth. The stupid thing they were holding, stupidly glowing.

I don't like the thing, or the person in it.

Then a pain. Terrible flashing pain. Again. Again. Again. Again.

No. Not pain. Sound. A sound. Maybe both? Again. Not sure. Again. More pain. The pain was getting closer.

I remember this pain. Steps. Footsteps.

And for the first time, I see something move.

He walked around a corner, making humming noises to himself. I pushed.

He's walking by me. Doesn't look at me. I don't make a sound. I don't move. I push. I look like the rest of it. I want him to look at me.

I try to call out, but only a faint hoarseness sounds through my long unused neck. I need to breath in. I had forgotten. It had been so long since I'd bothered. I'd forgotten.

It was enough.

He started and stopped, looking for the sound. My sound. I push. I take a moment, and figure out how to draw the air inside me. I remember. Still just hoarseness, but louder. Painfully loud. A screaming whisper of loud.

*"wait"*

"You're awake? How are you awake? You're not supposed to be awake." The man is too loud. I push. But I remember his noises.

*"I had to stop the thing"*

The man looks from me to the thing. The thing is close to me. The thing is close to her. I push.

"You're pushing her out of the way of the car."

Yes, I push. He doesn't await a reply.

"How long have you been awake?"

This time he waits.

Breath in. I push.

*"forever"*

The man looks sad. The thing is waiting. Has always been waiting. The stupid person in the thing looks on with their stupid surprise.

"I didn't know someone was awake. If... had I known..."

The man stammers. I push. The man approaches. And reaches out to me. He touches my arm. Pain. Different than the sound pain. The man pulls his hand back. The arm is dented. A torn ruin where his fingers landed. I push.

"It's too close for you. But her... I'll help you."

The man walks around the thing, and puts his hands around her. I push.

"I am sorry, young man. I truly didn't know."

I push.

"Ready yourself."

I push.

And the thing moves.


"Ohshit-- Adam!!"


My friend yelped in a panicked voice and lurches out to me like I was about to be hit by a train, or something. My body shook out of instinct and I shut my eyes tight and brace the impact to come.


*bbbBbBbBbbbb*


Of course, it never did. I have a guardian angel after all. That noise seems to rumble up from everywhere at once in the school cafeteria. I know what's happened, it's happened so many times before, yet I can't control it. After several internal moments pass, I carefully open my eyes. All the students and staff had come to a halt until I was the only one left moving. 


The world had become a standstill, my playground. At least... that's what I had thought in the beginning, but when you don't have the remote for a time controlling power, you lose out on being able to do all the fun stuff. Of course, the first time I was scared shitless, I had freaked out thinking that the goddamn school bully-- Cain, beat me to death in the hallway. I had carefully scattered away and retreated to the bathroom to try and decipher what the hell was happening. After a while, everything just went on like normal. 


A smile broke out on my expression as my reflection ended and I reach out to my delicious chocolate milk carton and take a slurp. Ahhh, freshman year sucked. My eyes shift around the scene and take in the information laid out before me. "Now... what's happening?"


A high school cafeteria is like a friggin' zoo, man. All kinds of shit happening everywhere at once. The nerds sitting together playing yu-gi-oh with their boxed lunches, all the jocks arm wrestling in the corner to try and assert alpha male dominance, lots of stray students making their way to their respective tables. Everything looked all clear, though. So I'm not sure why she-- Oh. It wasn't until I turned around in my seat and spotted the big sloppy burger five inches from hitting the back of my head. Tracing the trajectory back, I find the culprit. Of fucking course, it's Cain. Who else would be such a relentless douche bag? 


Now, this is where you'd fight back against the bully!! I can't do that. I swore an oath to be careful until we figure out all the rules and limits. I take a deep breath and adjust my head slightly to the left, trying to make it look like I dodged the projectile in real time with my super spidey senses. 


That's when I got an idea. 


I take one last look around, and notice none of the staff are looking this way. I look back to the woman approaching our table and bite my lip. I dash up out of my seat and run over to the nearest teacher, carefully adjusting their body so that they had gazed upon the crime scene. How much time was left? Well, none-- obviously, but you get the point!  I quickly turn on my heels and jump over one of the tables-- knocking all of the trays down on the ground while screaming out;


"ZAAAAA WARRRUUUDDOOOO~~!" I've always wanted to do that.


Turns out I ended up sitting there like an idiot for another minute or so, slightly tilted to the left until everything resumed like normal in the blink of an eye. A triumphant cry from over by the jocks signaling the return of time. The burger flew by and landed on the floor just beyond the table and the fucker jumped up from his seat.


"WHAT. HOW?!" he cried out.


Everyone looked at me in shock, my friend's hand gripped my collar in an attempt to pull me away. I noticed the teacher look over to the bully with a stern expression. Gottem. 


That's when I looked to Evelyn, the girl making her way over to our table and smiled at her, as if nothing had happened.


"Thanks, again." I said.


"AnyTIME," she replied, wiggling her eyebrows.

-----------------------

((Hey guys! First time ever doing something like this, so plz be nice ; _ ; ))


"Next!" shouted Lugia.

Three rows of chairs sat before him, each holding a potential recruit into their league. He could tell at a glance what a few of the powers before him were; the man on fire and the woman floating two inches above her chair were gimmes. A few of the others, like the woman with the glowing eyes and the man with the power armour, would be interesting to find out, but most of the candidates looked like perfectly normal people. One of the inconspicuous ones stepped forward next; unlike the others, he had a frown on his face.

"Your name, sir?" Lugia inquired.

"My name? I'm Bill." the man responded.

"And what will be your superhero name?" Lugia continued, with a flare for the dramatic. He had always been something of a performer, and gaining powers had given him the perfect opportunity to overact (as he had always desired).

"I don't have one," was the response. "Look, can I," he began, before Lugia cut him off.

"No name? Then we will have the honour of naming you! Tell us good sir, what is your power?" Lugia had loved naming new capes ever since he screwed up his own choice so badly.

"Every time that guy stops time," he began, pointing at Destiny, "my time stops as well. It's become a serious issue, alright?"

Lugia looked over at Destiny, who had a puzzled look on his face. A moment later, both Destiny and "Bill" had changed their standing positions. Destiny looked intrigued, but Bill's annoyed look had only strengthened, if possible.

"Amazing!" cried Lugia. The possibilities of this were endless. "Can you copy the powers of anyone else?"

"Well, I'm not on fire, so I'm guessing no," replied Bill, looking wearily at his neighbour in the crowd.

"Hmm, well, it's not the strongest power in existence, but we could certainly find a use for it..." Lugia mused.

"What? No, I have no interest in using it. I would just like some warning when it's about to happen. The sixth time it happened, the bike I was pedalling stopped, throwing me over the handlebars. I was bruised for weeks. Imagine if I had been driving! Or taking a train. I'd be dead! By the way, fire your secretary, she called me a crank when I phoned her up. I had to walk over here to get an audience!"


*Surely not...*

As Jerry cruised down the open stretch of road he spotted a moving silhouette 300 yards away on the opposite side of the street.

He cautiously brought the BMW i8 to a halt

As the silhouette moved from out of the shadows the skyscraper, they became a blurry figure, draped in long-sleeved dark clothes.

Jerry watched as the person skipped away from the bank with bundles of cash tucked under each arm. 

*Out of all the places in the entire wor- Stop! Calm down, let’s think through this. This was bound to happen at some stage. Should I go towards them? No, no! They’ll probably freeze you t- NO! IT’LL BE WORSE! YOU KNOW THEIR SECRET! Ohhh fuckkk.*

He hastily grabbed the wheel, aggressively pulled it all the way to the right and stomped on the accelerator.

Jerry shakily exhaled as he watched the blurry figure become a dot in his rear view mirror, but unlike the other  250-odd times Jerry was mobile in a motionless world, on this occasion he was not in his home town.

After a few attempts of navigating his way back to his hotel, Jerry realised he was lost.

His breathing suddenly became more rapid…

*W-Wait, I swear I’ve seen that gothic church. AM I GOING BACK THE WAY I CAM-*

In between Jerry’s train of thought and his reckless right turn, the person took their first step on the road.

Jerry jerked both his feet towards the brakes.

The car stopped on a dime. 

Unfortunately, the dime was in the person’s pocket.

There was a blunt thud, then silence.

With a faint whimper, Jerry apprehensively and slowly craned his neck over the steering wheel towards the sidewalk, where he could see a plump, middle-aged man, dressed in a matching navy blue hoodie and tracksuit pants.

The man's body lay eternally broken, motionless and frozen.

Just like time.
______________________________________________________
r/Dri_Writes


The first time it happens, I’m saying, *no ketchup, please*, to the grease stained hot dog vendor on 50th, and the city goes silent. World’s biggest statue garden, and me, just wanting lunch. I take two cautious steps away from that boxed grill, shiny silver reflecting blurred halos of city light, staring as big-eyed as a small town tourist before the horns crack and the world starts again.

The guy with my food goes, “What gives, man? You want your dog or not?”

I say, “No ketchup, please,” but he looks at the dog in the bun, no ketchup in sight, and wrinkles his big bushy eyebrows. 

In the mirror at home, burping up mystery meat, I keep saying, *No ketchup, please.* Traffic is still busy outside. *No ketchup, please.* The lady in 4A is still arguing with her boyfriend or husband or drug dealer. I don’t really know these people. *No ketchup, please.* But, in the mirror, I’m still this soft lump of unshowered loser, time ticking on without me. 

Thing is, it happens again later that night. When my ma, crackling nagging voice brought to you from some beach town in California, stops talking. This was in the middle of asking *when are you going to get a real job?* Just after the question *are you seeing anyone yet?* I’m submitted to this caring, parental questionnaire every Friday at 9pm, regularly scheduled shame, my weekly life crisis, and the answers never change so I hardly listen any more. No, I still live in my shitty apartment. No, I haven’t been to Morton’s. No, I’m not seeing anyone. Yes, I’m still a lonely, jobless, nobody.

When she stops talking, my heart jumps. I'm starting to think about my poor dead mother, lying on some hard bed, surrounded by kitsch beachy decor and a great view of the ocean, all made-up and dressed-up even though she probably hadn’t left the hotel all day. 

But the traffic is stopped. The baby in 4C isn't crying. The yappy dog isn't yapping. So, I'm thinking, she's probably not dead.

Taking the only chance I'll ever get, all at once, I’m yelling, “Fuck you mom!” I’m screaming, my throat half-confused, half-excited to be making such a ruckus, I’m going, “I’m fucked up, Mom. I’m a failure, Mom.”

In one, big, pissed off breath, I say, “You’re a miserable old woman and you ruined me.” 

There’s a normal kind of silence on the other line. The sniffling, buzzing silence. Someone lays hard on their car horn, brakes squealing, all punctuated by incoherent shouting. If I hadn’t been so aware of the peace that stopped time brought, I’d say it felt like time, the world, had frozen around me. But it really didn’t feel that way at all. 

“You need to get out of that city,” my mom’s saying, stifling tears. “It’s made you into some kind of monster.” 

So I did. 

Time stops nowhere I wanted time to stop. In the middle of traffic, already at a stand-still, nothing happening. People aren’t cursing, or talking on the phone, or eating, or singing to their reflection. No one is dreaming of being anywhere else because time just...wasn’t. It stops while I’m in line for snacks at the convenience store, staring up again just as I’m making my escape. Goods in hand, I slink to the back of the line and wait all over again. Inconvenient. It stops in the middle of a sad late-night last-call bar hookup. No one looks good that way, frozen like that. 

It takes me the trip from New York to Colorado before I realise it’s not me. I’m not a masochist and, so far, time hasn’t been on my side. Somewhere, in India or Spain, you're fucking with me. Or, more realistically, you're robbing banks or causing trouble and I'm just caught in the crossfire. A casualty of poor timing. 

I’ll find you. I’m on a plane to Italy now, someone’s snoring grandpa (nonno, in Italian) taking up the middle armrest, and I’ll look for you. I’ve got a trust fund and all of the time in the world. I even showered, just for you. 

See you soon.


--------------------------------

5 June, 2017

I’m not sure what to do with this power, if I can call it that. It sounds almost funny to think of it that way, though. Like *I’m* a superhero. So far I’ve saved people only from humiliation or minor inconvenience, no burning buildings or car crashes, nothing warranting a spandex outfit. 

It’s just that I carry around toothpicks now, scratching out the chewed up meals from people’s teeth. Today, after getting some nice pictures of the Eiffel Tower with hardly any people in the background (I waited over an hour for the opening), I rescued a coffee from the roof of a car and placed it into the interior cup holder. 

I just want to make an impact. I guess, in a way, everyone is looking for that same sort of gratification. 

Until next time,

Melanie 

-------------------------------

Potentially TBC, depending on interest. More of my writing can be found at /r/edgarallanhobo


I sat at my computer, my browser open on Reddit.  In the top right corner, the New Personal Message indicator showed a single response.  I swallowed, and hoped fervently that this would be the end of my woes.

Two days prior, I had posted the following message:  

"Hi.  
"I'm posting on r/SuperPowers because I figure it's the most likely place the person with the power to stop time will be likely to read it. My message to you, in short?  
"Quit it, jackass.  
"So the first time I noticed time had stopped, I was a bit surprised.  Then, I thought it was kind of neat.  I mean, it's handy being able to cross the road in an instant without having to watch out for traffic.  At least not *as much* as usual; it's always prudent to cross behind the vehicles in case they suddenly start moving again.  
"But this crap starts to get annoying when you're half-way through a shower and you can't get all the shampoo out of your hair because the water stops flowing.  Waving your head around in a bunch of suspended water-droplets simply doesn't cut it.  Not to mention it's impossible to flush the turd that floats suspended in mid-air in the toilet bowl when time just happens to stop right after you drop a deuce.  
"There's only so much time you want to stand around waiting for your order at McDonald's because you want a fresh Chicken Sandwich, and do you know what it's like to be stuck in an elevator with some slob who must have eaten nothing but beans and sauerkraut for week, whose farts sound like a moose in rut and smell like the same moose a week after it's been shot? It sucks.  It *really* sucks.  
"So, whoever you are, I'm asking you to quit it.  It's getting old, fast.  Now if there's a way that I can also be frozen in time along with everything else every time you use your powers, I'm open to that solution.  But if not, if I'm stuck one more time having to wriggle out of my mother-in-law's unnaturally long embrace because you decide now is the perfect time to freeze time for whatever the hell you're doing, I'm going to lose my shit."  
Licking my lips, I clicked the icon.  The message was short and to the point:  
"lol sux 2 b u".  
I cradled my head in my hands.  Great.  Just great.


21st of May, 2023

It's been almost three months since we somehow managed to catch the legendary time freeze killer, and we've gotten nowhere figuring out how his powers work.

The fact that we managed to catch him in the first place seemed so weird. He just popped up in the middle of a bank vault and was quickly overpowered and detained. My only explanation is that there must be some kind of limit to his ability to stop time, or rather that he doesn't have full control of the ability. The trophies he kept on his person of his victims confirmed his guilt of the double murder one month prior.

It's clear that his sanity is quickly deteriorating in captivity. His control is getting worse, it seems. We've kept him in an as secure cell as we can, but several times he has almost managed to break out, only for him to pop up right in front of a guard. He is getting more and more paranoid, repeatedly screaming about murdering someone. We can't examine him properly, but everything points to the man he always talks about being another personality of his.

Lately, as his control weakens, his powers seem to have turned into a curse. Some mornings we find him severely dehydrated lying on the floor with his hands covered in dried blood, with bloodied dents and marks left on the cell door. I can't help but feel sorry for him, on the verge of death every other day and constant self-inflicted injuries. Even a man that brutally killed a woman and her son can't deserve this kind of torture. It's clear that he, at least now, is severely mentally ill, but we can't risk doing most medical examinations, nor are we able to communicate with him when he is being so uncooperative.

In the end, we can simply keep containing him and study the little information we have.

PS: One of the prison guards seem to have an unhealthy obsession with the prisoner. I've caught him smiling while listening to the prison staff gossiping about the prisoner when he thinks nobody sees him. I have a bad feeling about him. I recommend that the guard is reassigned before he gets a chance to cause trouble.


Grandpa was running toward me screaming "STOP STAY AWAY! HE HAS THE POWER TO STOP TI..." 

And suddenly everyone stopped, again, all I saw was Dio screaming "ZA WARUDO" before it happened.
I could barely move a finger, but I saw it happening in front of me, Dio just murdered my grandfather!

When time resumed I was very angry! Grandpa last words were not to get angry, but my blood was boiling, I just wanted to punch that smug satisfied face to death. 

As Dio approached me I launched my stand towards him 

"ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA"

"MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA"


At first I thought it was some sort of "dormant powers coming to light" kind of situation. I'd record what I was doing just before time froze and then try to recreate it to see if it could happen again. This eventually got worse as I would try to recreate hours, and then days at a time. Thankfully I realized that it wasn't anything I was doing and managed to stop myself before it became an obsession.

Nowadays I try to go with the flow whenever the Pauses occur. Sometimes its a couple of seconds, which only serves to have me trip over something that's suddenly stopped in front of me. Other times it's been upwards of three hours before things resumed and, during those Pauses, I try to get errands done that don't require some sort of live or active interactions. I can't play games online since the servers freeze, but I can go and grab groceries. Before you crucify me for being a thief, I've made it a habit to leave some cash behind for whatever I take. It may not be the FULL amount, but I aim for 75% at least.

I've tried finding out who it is that Pauses everything, but I haven't had any luck. There hasn't been anything on the news about miracles happening around the world, aside from the usual fluff pieces, and there haven't been any segments about rampant or elaborate crimes. Far as I've figured? Whoever it is that's causing these Pauses is just using them to make life a bit easier for themselves somehow. No need for me to go on some crusade to hunt them down when they haven't done anything to deserve it.


The time stops.  The first time it had happened was months ago, and only for a few shocking seconds.  I remember being afraid I'd had a stroke or something, but I never got it checked out.  How do you tell a doctor that one second you're eating lunch and then nothing moves but you?

The second time was maybe five minutes.  I panicked when it started, but once I realized I was in control of myself and didn't seem like anything was wrong, it started seeming less terrifying.  I admit, I did a few things I shouldn't have.  Took advantage of the situation.  A few dropped pants and tied shoes, nothing worse than that.  Not like I could do anything more elaborate anyway, since I never knew when the time stops were coming or how long they'd last.

I knew somehow instinctively that I wasn't making time stop.  Once I figured that out, I felt a little disappointed, but it didn't bother me ultimately.  Whoever it was didn't do a time stop very often, and they didn't manage to get me when the time was wrong, so it didn't bother me much.  That is, until today.  Or would it be more accurate to say three "days" ago?

The time stops started picking up frequency over the last few weeks.  Once a day, then twice a day, sometimes three or four.  Fifteen minute stretches, thirty minutes.  The longest one was about three hours.  Inconvenient at best and downright boring at worst.  It was always in the back of my head that I should find out who was doing this and give them a talking-to.  Did they know whatever they were doing didn't affect me?  Were they playing a prank on me or something?  But every time I'd gotten to the point where I was just fed up enough to try, time would pop back into reality and I'd eventually forget the frustration.

Except for this one.  After six hours had stretched on with no end in sight, I decided it was time to make good on my threats.  It took a bit of calming down and being focused, but I finally felt an odd feeling, like a compass needle pointing me in a direction.  Since time hadn't returned, I followed it.  Not like I have anything better to do.

I was on day three when I found the room.

A woman lay in a hospital bed, tubes sprouting from seemingly everywhere around her.  To her right, a doctor stood, his hand poised over a silent machine.  And to her left, a man sat in an uncomfortable-looking chair.  His right hand rested on the woman's forehead, gently brushing her hair from her face with his thumb.  His left hand's fingers intertwined with hers, their gold rings tapping against each other.  And his head was downturned, staring at the floor,  until the sound of my footsteps made one haggard eye raise up over his outstretched left arm.

We looked at each other in silence for a moment, then he looked away, his hand resuming stroking her hair.  He looked like shit.  Like he'd been crying for three days straight.

I stood still for a moment, then simply brought a chair from another room and sat down quietly next to him.  He didn't acknowledge me.  I could see his chest heaving again with silent, pained sobs.

And time stretched on.

-------------------------------------------

First time posting here.  Prompt lodged a scene in my head and I knew better than to ignore it.  Just wrote it and did barely any editing before posting, so please be kind to me!  I haven't written anything more or less since my degree burned away all my desire to write, lol.


I flipped it. 
——

Social anxiety is a bitch, but this thing makes it easier. 

It’s a Saturday afternoon and the mall is bustling. I just wanted to buy some new clothes, but it’s a day when everyone comes. I blink and they stop. 

The world goes silent and every person is still. I slip around people and head off to Macy’s. I pick out my clothes (a new dress, a new pair of jeans, and a hat) when no one can look at me or speak to me. And then I get in line behind everyone else at the check out.

I blink and they move again.

When I’ve paid for my clothes and have walked away from the counter, I freeze time again. Soon enough, I’m putting the bag in my purse and then hopping on my bike. You can’t drive a car when the rest of them are still, but you can get a bike around them. It wears you out the same, but it’s still like you got home in an instant. 

“Hey! Hey!”

I almost crash my bike. I brake and manage to stop. Around me, the world is still frozen. All except one man, who is jogging towards me. 

“You can move too!” He’s excited. He’s at least a decade older than me. “When everything stops. You can move too.”

I stare at him. “Wait... you...”

He nods. “Yeah, since I was a teen. This thing happens.” He waves around himself. “Everyone freezes for a few minutes or a few hours... and then it starts again. Never know when. Sucks, doesn’t it?”

“It sucks?” I ask. It’s the greatest thing ever to me. Why would it suck for him?

His excitement kinda dies down. “I was on the interstate once. Few years ago. Time stopped, my car stopped... but when it started again, my hands were off the wheel and I was looking out the back window. Car went straight back to sixty but I wasn’t controlling it...” He lets out a heavy sigh. “My wife died in the accident.”

I feel like I can’t breathe. It’s my fault. I killed this man’s wife. 

“Hey, kid, relax. You’re smart. You already figured out you shouldn’t get behind the wheel of a car, didn’t you? Whatever weird quirk of the universe this is, we just gotta live it out.” He laughed. “Make sure you cross those streets real fast though. You never know when the cars will start moving again.”

He’s right. My freezing and unfreezing time could kill him. I’ll never know what situation he’s in. If it’ll be safe for me to make the world move again. 

“I gotta get home,” I say. I start biking away.

“See you later, kid,” he says. But when I’ve gone just a little ways away, I stop and look back at him. 

How am I supposed to use my power when I have to worry about him?

He steps out onto the road where cars are frozen at forty-five miles per hour. He’s moving fast to get across before they start again.

I blink.


he first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall. I bumped into the person in front of me and apologized, but I got no response. A moment later she fell forward. What a bitch! Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response. She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me. Oh boy, I was in for a fight. I braced myself for the first punch, but his fist stopped mid-swing. Perplexed, I noticed that EVERYTHING had stopped in that moment. I quickly used my advantage to retaliate and back away. As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact. Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away. I used this chance to flee.

You would think that moving through stopped time would be cool, but I soon realized that I had no control over it. It would only last a few seconds each time, but that was enough for me to collide with someone. Worse yet was if I was driving. There was no way for me to set the pedal back to normal if I pressed too hard, so I could easily speed up if I wasn't paying attention. I soon made it my mission to find out who was doing this to me.

My search finally led me to Egypt, where I saw it. A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!" and time stopped. Even though I had finally met my tormentor, I felt such an immense pressure emanating from this man. My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck. "Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed. And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened. This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me. 

I had to follow this man to stay out of his line of sight at all times. If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead. In the time spent following him, I saw some truly bizarre shit.

Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do. I couldn't risk my life for these people. Instead I had to watch in horror and hope they could figure it out on their own.

Sadly, a few of them lost their lives in that process. First a high school student who could manifest this green webbing of some sort thought he had cornered him. But sadly he was no match for this man. I had to watch as he casually unwove the kid's web and then finish it up with a punch straight through his stomach. I had to resist the urge to puke.

The next to fall was an old man who could create this weird purple vine. Apparently the golden-haired man couldn't physically touch him, so he precisely threw a knife at his throat. I braced myself for the murder that was going to unfold in front of my eyes in mere seconds. 

As I grieved for the death of the old man, his apparent grandson received the critical knowledge of that man's ability. There was hope, but what could this kid do? Fly was apparently the answer. Bizarre. 

I watched knowing that it was useless for him to keep fighting (or at least the man thought so). However there was a glimmer of hope! The kid moved in stopped time! It seems like the first twitch was a trick with a magnet, but the sucker-punch was no illusion. He killed the man!

Or so I thought. I couldn't exactly comprehend it, but apparently he is immortal. FML. That didn't stop the kid from trying though. The following battle was too crazy to fully explain. 

The fight was so ridiculous that it ended with the two punching their way through a fucking road roller! wtf, where did that come from? But the kid did it, and my hell was over. That man was finally dead. I was free at last!

Or so I thought, until it began to happen 10 years later. I'm done with this shit.


I was seven the first time it happened.  The teacher was in the middle of having us recite our multiplication tables. I was daydreaming, staring absentmindedly into space while the sun shining through the windows lulled me into a pleasant state of drowsiness. It took a few seconds for me to realize the monotone drone of numbers had stopped, leaving nothing but silence.

I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and looked around. All my friends were frozen - Tom over there with his glasses falling off the bridge of his nose, Abigail's eyes mid-blink. Before I could react, everything snapped back into motion. They continued reciting as if they hadn't just been paralyzed, trapped in time. I was practically bouncing out of my chair, holding back a grin. I had powers! 

That dream died quickly. Try as I might, I could never get time to stop or start at will; it seemed to do as it pleased. I tried rewinding it that one time I asked my crush out while hammered, fast-forwarding it at a high school recital; once I even tried to jump back a few years to the last time I saw my gran before the dementia set in. No go. Time, however was cooperative enough in stopping so I could watch the life leave her in the hospital bed at my own pace. Her veiny hands stayed curled around my own until the world started up again and her heart monitor flatlined.

The last time, I was on the subway home from work. The train car rolled to a halt in the station, hydraulics hissing, but the doors did not open. A quick glance at my watch - the second hand had stopped ticking. Dammit. Hopefully, it wouldn't be too long. I pulled out my phone to occupy myself for however long I would be stuck. A flash of movement caught my eye and my head snapped up. Noone else ever moved when the world stopped, ever. My eyes darted from person to person, each perfectly still. Was I imagining things? Had I gone mad? Was this all some twisted hallucination that was finally moving to the next level?

Movement again, outside the car. I ran to the window, stumbling over my own feet, just to catch a glimpse of strawberry-blonde hair tucked into a knit cap disappearing into the crowd, nimbly darting around the mass of motionless commuters. I banged on the glass. 

"Hey!" I shouted. "Hey-y!" The stranger didn't respond or react in the slightest, just continuing to run off. I couldn't even tell if they heard me. The subway doors opened with a lurch and a few people glanced at me, gaze flicking up from their respective devices for a few seconds before steadfastly ignoring the crazy guy banging his fist against the window. Heat crept into my cheeks and I sat back down.

I spent that night staring at the ceiling in the dark, agonizing. Who was that? Did someone else have this power, this influence over time? Could they teach me? Were they trying to meet me?

The next day, shadows deep under my eyes, I took the train back to the same station. It would have been faster to take a different route, but I had to know - I /had/ to. I stood on that platform for hours, looking for the same blonde hair, the same small figure. I was met with a sea of people, but none of them the one I was looking for. 

It was nearing the end-of-day rush. Deflated, I readied myself to push onto the next homeward-bound train. It stopped abruptly at the platform, the screeching of the rail being cut off into absolute silence. 

"Hi."

I whirled around. Directly behind me stood a young man, about my age, with short-clipped strawberry blonde hair. His hospital scrubs peeked out from under his long black coat, hands shoved deep in the pockets. He shuffled his feet, reached up to push his glasses back up the bridge of his nose.

I blinked. "Tom?"

He smiled, but his eyes were shaky. "You remember me!"

"Dude, it's been years! I haven't seen you since - what, high school?" 

"Well... Yeah, you haven't seen me."

"Wait, so, this -" I gestured to the static people around me "- is you? This is all you?"

He nodded.

"So then, in elementary school - "

"I kind of froze," he laughed, glancing off to the side. "That was by accident and I didn't know what was going on. Everything just stopped, except... Except you. I thought I was crazy, so I never brought it up."

I thought back to every instance time had stopped. Up until a certain point, they had been serendipitous - in the middle of an exam I would have bombed otherwise, just before the bus home from school took off. It was only after graduation that the pauses grew erratic, almost inconsiderate. Except -

"The hospital," I said. "That was you?"

Tom nodded. "I dunno. It had been so long, and I felt kind of weird talking to you when you were there for - well - yeah. I thought it would be nice to give you some more time. I realized after that that was pretty stupid. I'm sorry."

I clenched and unclench my fists a few times. "It's... Fine. It's fine. But why are you coming to me now, if it was awkward then?"

He looked down at his feet, face coloring pink. 

"Holy shit," I said, the realization dawning on me. "That's kind of sweet, actually."

"This is probably really weird -" 

" - no kidding - "

"But, I mean, hey." He glanced up to meet my eyes and gave me a shy smile. "You're the only other person who can move when the world stops, so... We could use that."

I laughed. "Buy me dinner first. Next Friday at eight?"

"I'll be there," he promised. "After all, I've got plenty of time."

(bad pun didn't know how to end this sorry)


And 3... 2... 1... it’s time to go.

I don’t think I’ve ever entered this bank with such a huge grin on my face. There is absolutely nothing to stop me from getting what I’ve wanted for so many years, and in a few minutes I’ll have more money than I could ever imagine having all at once. I really should feel bad... but fuck you, Richard, and the rest of your bullshit management team. I’m just taking what is owed; no big deal, right?

Annnddd looks like he’s entering the girl’s locker room... typical kid. Guess that gives me about 5 minutes tops. Sadly that means I don’t have time to slap a few people around. Consider it my present to you idiots for being coworkers for so long. Now now, what was it again?... 52... 36... 126.... 7.... 12... and 85... *click* bingo.

Have you ever seen such a beautiful sight? Money. Money everywhere. Ohhh and don’t forget all those beautiful golden bars. I think it’s time to go shopping, don’t you? See, this place here has been a temptation of mine for the past 16 years I’ve had to deal with being an employee of this shit hole. And look at me now!!!.... oh I’m sorry. Almost forgot time is frozen. Better get a move on. Hmm, I’ll take one of these... and some of these... ohhh and a bit of these. Can’t forget these either.

How much time do I have left?.... wow this little shit. He’s having the time of his life in that locker room. Guess I can get one or two slaps in...

Alright alright. If my math is correct... that puts me at about 450 grand... annnddd now let’s grab a few of these and well, well, well... looks like I’ve got myself a solid half a million. Not too bad for 5 minutes of work. I’d say now is a good time to leave. Looks like the kid thinks so too.

Oh yeah. FUCK YOU RICHARD. THIS IS FOR THAT 5 CENT “RAISE!”
*SLAP* And that ladies and gentlemen is probably better than sex itself!! HA HA!

Alright alright and now we’re out of there. Just in time too.

*As the doors close behind me, the world begins to rotate once more, birds singing, people chatting, cars moving and all is right again*

Well, this would definitely be a lot easier if I had the control of this time warp bullshit... but I’ll consider all this good enough. And of course god bless technology for making cameras too small to ever detect. Putting it on that little shit’s backpack was the best idea I’ve ever had since realizing what was going on with the time stops!! Damn I’m a genius... Oh. I am DEFINITELY gonna have to talk with that kid though. I mean, sneaking into girl’s locker rooms with his power?? There’s no way I’m letting my son abuse his powers like that!


I have meeting with my boss today.  That's always super nerve wracking, and the days have seemed super long lately.  I hope he hasn't noticed how worn out I've been.

As I enter his office my boss greets with a big smile, "Charlie! Come in, come in have a seat!"  

"Umm...thank you" I reply, "I hope everything has been going well."

"It certainly is, you're efficiently had been through the roof these past 2 weeks, it's like you're working an extra two hours a day!  I don't know how you're doing it, you're quality hasn't even dropped in the slightest."  

"Well, thank you sir, is that all?"

"Charlie, you're so modest, no that's not all, I want to offer you trainer position, with a pay bump, there's going to opening coming up, and I'd like you to take it."

"I'll be glad to sir, why thank you!"

"We can discuss the detail latter, when you head back to your desk, send in Johnson will yah?"

Over the next few weeks I got caught up in taking over Johnson's role.  But as I started training others, I was running into problems.  It seemed like people weren't listening, and after training sessions people kept saying I was skipping over subjects. 

Rachel, one of my co-workers just told me enter the boss's office.

"Pewtersmidt! Get in here!" My boss was furious, I'd received a lot of complaints since I started teaching others. "What the hell are you doing in those classes? People say you're skipping material, you're cutting the classes short, and you've oblivious to it all!"

I'm....sorry sir, I'm telling you I'm covering all the material, but people aren't paying attentions, their eyes are always glossed over."

"I want to believe you, but I've heard to many complaints, you're fired. Go clean up you're desk and leave your badge with security."

I have no idea what went wrong, I thought I was doing so well. But as I leave the office I hear a whisper, "Wow, it's amazing how dull offices can make humans."


I walk through the streets, aimlessly at first, but my mind gains direction and my feet purpose.  I look up at the clock tower a few blocks away at Central Square.  Fifteen after.  My watch shows 8:18.  “I didn’t notice for three minutes,” I say as I sigh.  “Oh well, I’ll grab a snack.”
I don’t usually think out loud; only when I know I won’t be heard.  This is one of those times, but as I approach the gas station, I quiet down, just in case.  Inside, I take my time browsing until I settle on an ice cream sandwich from the cooler.  I set a couple bucks on the counter, probably more than the sandwich is worth, and look at the man standing in line.  Balding, angry and covering the bags under his eyes with sunglasses.  I’d say middle-management, heading out for the weekend with his family.  They’re waiting in the car while he negotiates the rising price of gas.  I step back outside and glance at his car while I’m passing.  Two kids and a dog.  Poor guy.  He’ll probably have an aneurism before he gets his next promotion.  The ice cream drips down my hand, and I continue to wander aimlessly.
My watch shows 8:25.  It’s a long one today.  Maybe I’m getting better at controlling it.  After a short mental debate, I head to the closest park bench.  Another drop falls down my hand, following in the trail of its predecessor.  This one drips off, freezing in midair as soon as it disconnects from me.  If I ever find a girlfriend, I’ll show her the wonders of the world.  As long as we hold hands, our lives will be infinite.  I pondered for a moment on whether or not I grew old during these interludes, knowing I wouldn’t have the first clue on how to check.
My watch shows 8: 30.  I glance up at a formation of geese, frozen just like the drop of cream in front of me.  An imagined movement catches the corner of my eye.  The clock tower shows 8:21 frozen on its face and my breath catches.  Did time start again?  I didn’t feel the usual stomach lurch.  Maybe I’m just getting used to it, finally.
The geese still hover above me, and the woman in the car at the gas station still has that stupid expression on her face.  I hear the click as the clock tower hits the half hour.  My attention turns once more to the magnificent gothic building and the man on top of it, fixing some antenna or another.  He stands and turns, looking down on me.  Though I can’t see his expression, it has to be as dumbfounded as mine.


"Hi, uh... so, I think I might have been the victim of a prank, but..."

...

"I see. So, this really is Hell's telephone number, is that it?"

...

"Well, whether I believe it or not, there's... uh... look, my daughter asked for a pony, see?"

...

"That's not really relevant, is it? I mean, yes, obviously she likes it, but..."

...

"Of course it's a problem! Where am I supposed to keep a twelve-hundred-pound horse?!"

...

"No, I didn't weigh it! It was an estimate!"

...

"Is there someone else there I can talk to?"

...

"Hi, so, listen, I was just telling the other..."

...

"As in, like, *Satan?* Hell's head honcho?"

...

"For starters, I always pictured hi... you... as a male."

...

"No, I've never been particularly religious, but the presence of a sulfur-spewing equine on my front lawn is making me rethink a few things. That is, as I've been trying to say, the reason for my call! Now, can you *please* explain why my front garden has been reduced to charcoal?!"

...

"She's four years old! She obviously meant 'Santa!' She just can't spell very well! Furthermore, I don't recall the words 'fire,' 'flaming,' or 'total destruction of meticulously maintained property' appearing anywhere in her letter!"

...

"At the moment? She's riding around on its back."

...

"'Fluffy Sunshine,' I think. Look, why does any of this matter?! I can't keep a horse – one spawned from Hell or otherwise – on my property!" 

...

"What? Oh, yes. No, I didn't open it. I was a bit preoccupied."

...

"Why? Is there going to be a tiny, fire-breathing quail in it or something?"

...

"Fine. Hang on."

...

"It's a wallet."

...

"No, no, I get it: It's because dads *always* get wallets, right? It's always wallets or ties."

...

"Sure, thanks, happy Christmas to you, too. Now, can we please di... hello? *Hello?!*"

...

"God damn it."


"Don't worry about it, honey," my wife consoled me. "A pony just isn't realistic."

"I know that, but she doesn't. I just don't want to see our daughter crying on Christmas," I said as I climbed into bed and pulled the string to turn off the bedside lamp.

"She'll understand." I hoped she would. Last year we got her a puppy and made her the happiest girl in the neighborhood. But she can't have everything she wants. She'll understand.

--

*"Daddy! Daddy!"*, my daughter screamed, jumping and pulling on the covers of our bed. I squinted my eyes open. The clock next to the bed said 7:06 AM.

"What is it, baby?", my wife asked groggily.

*"Pony! Pony! The front yard!"* My eyes shot open. I got out of bed and rushed down the flight of stairs to the front door. I twisted the brass lock and flung the wooden frame open.

In the middle of our front walk was a horse with a crimson red coat and fire flowing from his nostrils with every exhale. It was tied to a stake on the right side of the lawn. The yard was covered with a light blanket of snow save for a patch of burnt grass where the horse was breathing onto. My daughter ran and jumped towards the hellish beast and hugged its front right leg with unadulterated excitement.

*"Can I name him, daddy?"*, she asked eagerly. I had no response. I looked down by my feet at a package addressed to my daughter. The return address said 'Lucy'. I opened the package, atop of which was a letter.

"Dear Kayla,

Thank you for the letter. It sounds to me like your parents really don't want you to have a pony. Lucky for them, this isn't a pony. Enjoy the stallion.

-Satan

P.S. In this package you also received a small fire extinguisher. You will need it. Have your parents show you how to use it."

&nbsp;

edit: grammar


One of my favorite sounds in the world is the happy laughter or squealing from my daughter. Unfortunately right now I couldn't enjoy it because I was struck dumb by the object of her happiness. In the front lawn stood a pony, or a horse I never quite could the difference sometimes, and I had no idea why it was there much less how. It was a beautiful animal, glossy black coat with a fiery red mane. Yet something seemed off. It's eyes glowed with an eerie yellow light that belied a hidden intelligence. That and it breathed fire that melted patches of snow, those were really odd traits. 

So enthralled by the sight I didn't stop my daughter from running out the door. She ran straight to the pony and threw her arms around its neck, hugging it tightly laughing happily. Thankfully the horse didn't breathe fire on her, if anything it looked like it enjoyed the attention and nuzzled her back. 

"Stephen...what on Earth..." my wife gasped at the sight, wrapping herself in her bathrobe. "Where did that...pony...come from?"  

I shook my head in disbelief and when I took a step forward my foot hit a package on the stoop. I bent over and picked it up, huffing at the weight and looked curiously at the old fashioned writing on the brown paper covering. "Maybe this will have some answers. Alice sweetie," I called to my daughter, "Why don't you come back and out on some warmer clothes. Then you can lead the...pony to the back yard okay?"

She grinned through her happy tears and nodded. She patted the pony's neck and raced back inside stopping only to hug her mother and I. Squealing thanks she changed at light speed and ran back out. The pony waited patiently and followed her like a trained dog into the back yard. Thankfully here in the country we had the room for animals and it was soon running happily around, being chased and playfully chasing back Alice who shrieked with glee. 

We stood in the warm house, watching an almost perfectly normal scene play out before us. I opened the package and drew forth an old fashioned sheaf of parchment paper, heavy and also written on with old fashioned hand writing. The rest of the package was a heavy red bound leather book, a comb made of dark stone, and some leads and bridles. I started to read the letter, eyes widening in shock. My hands shook as I read and soon my wife saw my expression. 

"Stephen. What's wrong?"

"Well, remember what I told Alice to do a few weeks ago?" My voice trembled lightly as I spoke. 

"Of course. To write to Santa for a pony. I wonder who the generous Santa is. And where on earth did he find that...pony." 

"Well....maybe it's more safe to say the pony was found under the earth."

She looked at me, eyebrow curling with confusion. "What does that mean?"

I coughed hesitantly. "Well. Apparently we should have read Alice's letter a little more carefully. She uh, didn't write to Santa so much as..." I handed her the letter. 

She took it from me and started to read. "SATAN?!" she practically shrieked as she read the top part. She looked at me as if begging me to say it was a joke and I motioned for her to continue, mind reeling from what I read. 

*To Mr and Mrs Greyfax. I do want to thank you for allowing Alice to write to me. She has lovely penmanship for her age and as you might imagine I don't receive as much pleasant mail. Don't you worry. This pony is a very docile breed and will not grow much larger than it is. It eats mortal fodder much like its terrestrial cousins and is generally a well behaved animal. I made sure to pick the nicest one in the herd. Of course there will need to be some training but I imagine Alice is up to the task. I enclosed some things for the pony as well as a book on care.*

My wife's eyes were as round as saucers and she looked at me fearfully. I could only hug her close as she continued to read. *Also I cleared things with Santa as well as God. They thought her letter was very nice as well and give their blessings in letting her have a Hell pony. Also don't worry. This doesn't constitute an act of satanism. It's a Christianly act to be so pleasant and understanding and I have no problems rewarding such outstanding behavior. You are a credit to her behavior as fine parents. If you have any questions do feel free to send a letter. Merry Christmas!*

We stood and stared at the letter, half expecting it to burst into flames or do something equally horrid or supernatural. Nothing happened and we just looked at the cheery signature of *Lucifer, also known as the devil/Satan*.

We gazed out the window and continued to watch Alice romp around in the snow with the Hell pony, laughing with delight as it huffed hot air at her, melting the snow.  "Wha-what do we do?" my wife asked, voice filled with wonder. 

"I guess keep the pony as long as Alice takes good care of it." My reply felt too normal for the situation and we chuckled at the strangeness of things. "And...maybe send a thank you note? What do you get him back for a present?"


I stood dumbstruck by the sight in my front yard. A small black horse stood neighing and stamping it's hooves in the melting snow. When I say horse, it had blue flame in place of a mane and tail and as it stamped small flares leapt from it's hooves.

"Daddy, why is the pony on fire?" My daughter's voice broke my frozen mind.

"Umm, honey, as much as I would love to give you an explanation on what a nightmare is right now, I am a little held up on the fact that I could have asked for one apparently years ago and I would have gotten one so please give daddy a moment to collect himself." I stared down at the letter that was left taped to the door specifically the sender line: Satan. "Uhh, sweety can you tell me how to spell santa?"

"S?"

"Yep."

"A, t?" I shook my head slightly.

"A, n?" She finished and looked at me quizically.

I shook my head again. "Sorry honey, that's, that's not right."

"But that's what the letter says." She pouted.

"I know honey, but that's how you spell Satan."

"Ohhh." She giggled. "S, a, n, t, a." She said proudly.

"Very good. When you sent your letter to Santa, did you check your spelling? Or were you too excited and just sent it?"

"I'm sorry daddy." She pouted looking down.

"No, no it's not your fault. Okay let's, well actually you stay, I'll approach it." I stepped off the the porch and cautiously moved closer to the flaming horse. It turned to stare at me, small flames jetted from it's nostrils as it exhaled harshly. "Hey there, little, guy." I reached out a hand to which it whinnied at shaking its head and backing up.

"Holy-" My wife had apparently come to check on us. "Umm, honey? What the hell is that?"

"It's my pony!" Our daughter answered cheerfully. "It's from, from... Satan! That's what daddy said his name was."

My wife glared at me. "Satan?"

"No what I said, alright, the letter says it's from Satan. I told her to write a letter to Santa for the pony." I tried to explain. "Well at least, *he* delivers." I half mumbled. My wife shot me another glare.

"I love Satan!" Our daughter declared loudly. I looked at my daughter and then back to my wife before bursting into laughter. My wife attempted to maintain her glare but soon failed joining me in a laugh. As I attempted to regain my composure I felt a sudden heat on my back and a blue fireball shot past my shoulder. I fell to the ground and crawled backward putting distance again between me and the nightmare, my daughter giggled at me.

"Hey what's this package?" My wife asked. She tore open the sides and removed the contents. There was a black leather-like lead and a note:

*Dear Eliza,*    
*I thank you for the letter, it is rare for me to receive one of its kind. I hope my gift to you is an acceptable one, I agree with your father that everyone should have fun in their life, that a fantasy is something to hope for. I do hope you enjoy this element of fantasy I have granted you. Inside is a lead suitable for ponies of his kind, I believe your father is capable of explaining to you enough about a nightmare for you to properly care for him.*    
*With regards, your friend,*    
*Satan*

*P.S. He loves apples.*

My wife read the letter outloud and looked up at me, I could tell she was as lost as I was. "Umm, Elly, how about we try and take your new pony to the back so he doesn't surprise anyone else."

"Ok." She skipped down the porch and to her pony. "C'mon Blue." She waved her hand to the pony motioning to it to follow. It stood still staring with its deep red eyes at her.

"Oh!" My wife called out. "He sent an apple along." She looked genuinely approving. She tossed the apple to me and I stood up waving the apple in its face. It began to neigh and quickly followed.

"Wait!" Eliza yelled. "I wanna do it." She whined. I handed her the apple and she called to it making a snapping sound with her tongue. She took it through the gate and into the backyard.

My wife hurried down the steps. "What the hell are we supposed to do with that?"

"How should I know, I don't exactly think it comes with a return to sender address." I replied.

"Well anything else this Christmas you asked Satan to make real from your books?" She mocked.

"Hey, I didn't ask for that, Eliza asked for a pony, I said write a letter to *Santa*."

"Well how the hell did he know that quote from your book?"

"I don't know, maybe he's a fan."

"Nice explanation, hey now it's my turn I'm gonna go write a letter to *Santa*." She gestured quotations in the air, mocking me. "I want magic like Cassie's."

"Nice choice, I love you." I laughed. "Real quick though can we talk about the fact that we're openly discussing Satan like it's normal accepted conversation?"

"No." She replied simply. "We've got a flaming horse in our backyard." She smiled and pointed over to the gate where our daughter was leading her *pony* in circles.

"Have I mentioned I *really* love you."

"You better. We can worry more about if the Devil is real later, for now let's worry about our daughter who's alone in the yard with her fiery pony."

"Daddy!" My daughter screamed. "Blue sneezed and the bush is on fire!"

I headed through the gate over to the small flame slowly heading down the branch. "Yeah, *you're* gonna need to teach him to *not* do that."

_

[R/TheoreticalFictions](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheoreticalFictions)


It's barely ass o'clock in the morning and there's a tiny human pouncing on my chest screaming something about the front yard. Lovely... What could she possibly want to show me at this hour of morning? I bet it's snow, I bet she's excited by snow... Yeah, that's it.

I send the child to find her outdoor clothes as I drag myself out of bed.  Bathrobe in hand I demand my husband join me. "If I have to be up, so do you.  Come on princess, the kid wants to show us something."

I throw open the front door and to my utter shock there's an obsidian stallion grazing in the yard, picking from spots where the snow melted exposing the bare ground around its flaming hooves.  I shut the door, turning to my husband and sighing. "Honey, did you spell check our dear daughter's letter to Santa?"

"No, why? She typed it up all by herself. She knows how to use spell-check." came the passive reply. 

I lazily throw open the front door, letting the kid out onto the porch and letting my husband marvel at the majestic armored horse in our front yard.  "Be careful! Don't get close to it!" screams my husband, grabbing onto our daughter's shoulder.  The steed looks up inquisitively before snorting hot breath and going back to grazing.  

I sigh again, "It's docile" I reassure him.  I wander up to the creature, one hand out, palm up, and it sniffs at me once before deciding I'm safe.  I slowly pet the side of its neck, noting that it's unusually warm to the touch but not uncomfortably hot.  Calling back to my still-in-shock husband, "What does the package by the door say?"

Quickly collecting up the box, I use the distraction to call over the kid and introduce her to the horse. It seems to like her immediately and dips its head down offering to let her scamper up on its back.  "It's a 'Thank You' note" he starts, removing a modestly large bright red apple from the box before reading "whosoever feeds it the apple becomes its master until death", he pales immediately. 

"What's the matter dear?" I ask, walking back to the porch to collect the apple and the note. Meanwhile, the kid is now fully on the beast's back, holding onto two large protrusions from its shoulders as if they're handles.  The creature doesn't seem to mind the child at all as she pets its armor-covered neck.

I glance over the letter, immediately realizing what my kid managed to do. She got bit by auto-correct. Apparently this year, Satan is Santa. Oh well, no mind.  According to the letter it doesn't need to eat and generally just munches grass when its bored.  Seems like a pretty decent deal - the kid gets a pony and I get a living lawnmower slash weed-eater. I'm somehow okay with this deal.  It might take some convincing for my husband though.

Had I known it was that easy to get a Dreadsteed of Xoroth I would have saved myself the grind and just written a letter!  When I was a kid I had to grind mine the hard way, summoning one myself then taming the damned thing.  My kid just writes a letter and *poof* wish granted.

I hand the kid the apple and nudge her hand toward the horse's mouth.  It sniffs once, its eyes glow brighter with excitement and the apple gets munched right out of the kid's hand.  The kid is delighted, her father is horrified, and the beast seems to enjoy prancing about the yard.

I gently direct the kid-laden horse toward the back gate, "Go take your new friend to the back yard so it doesn't scare the neighbors. Wouldn't want this to end up in tomorrow's paper, would we?" That takes care of the kid and gets the flaming pony out of public view. Now I need to do some adult damage-control.

"But its hooves are on fire!" Yes, yes, got that part... That's really the only thing that threw you off about a dreadsteed?  Not the horns?  Or the armor plating growing out of its neck?  No, you're fixated on the flaming hooves...

"Perhaps it's time we have a discussion about why your side of the family doesn't talk to my side of the family after the wedding..." Oh this is going to be a great conversation.  "Or why we generally don't get random visits from my side of the family?"  How do I approach this without breaking him?  "It wasn't a typo on the wedding seating chart, or on the RSVP list, or really anywhere at all dearest." Another sigh. I feel like there's going to be a lot more of those to come in the next few days. "In fact I'm honestly shocked he managed to keep his behavior civil throughout the event." I drape my hand over my face.  I'm getting off topic, he's going to notice I'm stalling... "My grandfather's name isn't *Samuel*, it's *Samael*."


With the tome of an infernal wisdom in my hand I chanted the words "Ooh ee ooh ah ah Ting Tang Walla! Walla! Bing! BANG!!!!" and with a puff of smoke his face appeared in my cauldron his hair was golden but dirtied by a slight tint of filth his skin pale white like the light of the sun.

"Hello this is Satan deceiver of men, defiler of gods plan. How can I help you?" 

"Hey Luke it's Becky, and I need to ask something. What the hell Luke?! I've been your loyal servant for my entire life and you pull this shit?" I said tapping my foot with a bit of embellishment so he could see the bobbing of my head.

"Becky? Why are you so pissed? I got Sally what she wanted, I mean I know it's not exactly condo safe, but it's not going to hurt her. Also I sent you some of those lemon squares you were asking about" the pale man replied his brow furrowing at the seeming lack of thankfulness.

"The lemon squares were delicious! and one day you need to give me the recipe!" I said trying to stay angry when I thought of the ambrosia that was Hells lemon squares 

"But that's not the point right now! Do you think I've got the resources to take care of a horse right now? I told her to write to Santa because you and I both know the old fart can only deliver living things that can fit in a 2 foot by 2 foot box! I figured he'd just give her a puppy or an iguana, Shit I can handle! Now that this pony's here it's not like I can say, 'Okay dear I know you love Buttercup but we need to send her back'" I said sighing leaning on my elbows over the cauldron.

"I...I know you didn't do it on purpose, I should have checked the spelling better, but now I have to deal with stable rentals, feeding and care costs, riding lessons or else Sally's going to hate me." I said unable to stay angry at my eternal master as he got a strange look on his face one of surprise and a bit annoyed.

"Rebecca did you read my card?" he said his tone like that of a father to his daughter.

I blushed "Well...no...who reads cards nowadays?" I said my eyes drifting off to the side.

My master sighed "Go get the card Rebecca" he said flatly as I nodded sheepishly, heading back to where I left the package and grabbed the card still in it's blood red envelope taking it back to the cauldron"Open it." he said with the commanding tone that made me tremble.

I carefully opened the envelop looking at the front which had a picture of a two elves a carrying a huge burdensome sack towards a sleigh with the text 'Sometimes around the holidays you can feel like the worlds put too much on your shoulders' I opened the card and inside the same two elves were now carrying individual pillars engraved with their sins with the text 'But it's a Hell of a lot better than the alternative -Happy Holidays to you and yours'

I laughed prompting my master to say "Read the message at the bottom aloud." his eyes a bit narrow as I nodded reading a message written a crimson ink "Dear Rebecca, for your loyal years of service please allow me to repay you slightly with first the lemon squares you love so dearly and second a portable hell steed..." I paused my face turning red as a tomato but I soldiered on 

"...for your daughter Sally. I received her letter, and I figured this would be the easiest option for you. To turn it into it's more portable shape simply squeeze the snout twice. May you and Sally have a Merry Christmas, Love Lucifer 'Luke' " I said dragging out the last sentence hoping by some chance of fate it could last longer the embarrassment palpable.

The dark lord continued to glare at me "Well what do you have to say?" he said looking me straight in the eyes, staring into my twisted soul "I'm sowwy" I said trying to act cute but the glare continued as I seized up for a moment before bowing "This humble servant apologizes, Oh lord of sin, if I have displeased you I shall sacrifice myself in hopes to gain your forgiveness and favor" I said grabbing the ceremonial dagger holding it to my throat a few red drops dripping into the cauldron.

The pale man looked contemplative "Hmm maybe you should, you were quite disrespectful" he said as I balked "Really Luke? Suicide for not reading a card?"

"Maybe" he said with an impish smile.

I sighed "Fine, oh great lord please accept my sacrifice"I said sarcastically as I started to pull the blade, but as expected it dissipated from my hands, appearing in his.

"I'll forgive you this once, but start reading cards. It's rude not to at least take a quick peek. Didn't your mother ever teach you that?" he asked shaking the tip of the dagger toward my direction

"No my mother was too busy teaching me to love Satan, I suppose the lesson took too well" I said flatly looking away but a slight smile showed on the edge of my lips.

"I suppose so" he said chuckling "So did Sally like the pony? I chose the best colt in my stables."

I smiled rolling my eyes "Yes your daughter loves her new pony, is that what you wanted to hear?" I said barely holding back a laugh as his face lit up "But next time tell me about these things, I think Old Lady Gibson next door had a heart attack when it lit her bushes on fire." I said smirking

Luke groaned "Don't remind me, the old bitch has been complaining nonstop since she got here. 'It's too hot' 'Where's my tea' 'What do you mean killing abortion doctors don't get you to heaven?', Just bitch, bitch, bitch." he said looking over his shoulder "Well I need to get going tell Sally I'm glad she likes her present"

"Will do, I'll also make sure to sacrifice a couple lambs later. I know you prefer that to virgin. I love you Luke, Give em hell today" I said giggling as he his eyes rolled so hard they nearly left his skull "Every call you have to end with that" he said but smiled "Love you too, let me know if the Buttercup burns anything else, I'll make sure one of my constituents sends you a check" he said the cauldrons surface going murky.

I giggled "That man, always spoiling his little Antichrist" I said softly to myself as I went to go find Sally and Buttercup. I needed to make sure I taught her how to stow her new horse away, I doubt the school would be pleased if she started riding it to school.


I yawned. 

Another white snowed holiday of dissapointed wishes and stressful family visits. At least the food was good. I looked forward to (hehe) *chillin* today, watch some tv, help my wife clean up a bit. First things first. I need the mail. It didn't occur to me that because of the holiday the mail didn't come, but I felt compelled to get it. I opened the door, and the only thing there was a small red-stained note that looked like that old papyrus stuff in museums. On it was a red wax seal. Wrapped inside it was a normal letter, with childish scrawling on it. I recognized our return address on it. 

There was a loud, bizarre neighing. Like a diseased monkey chortling. 

Then I saw it. 

It looked like a pony. A nice pony. Little Sebastian brand pony. But... It had a long, spiked tail. 
And two red goat horns. 
And saber-toothed cat fangs. 
And crimson bat wings. 

A forked tongue writhed out and slithered back into the creature. 

I blinked. I sipped my coffee. I picked up the notes as closed the door. 

I reopened the door. It was still there. 

I opened the note. 
It was written with beautiful yet harsh penmanship. The letters were iridescent, transitioning from black to gold. Each letter had a spear tip decal somewhere on it. It read; 
"Hello Carol,
Thank you for your letter. We don't get letters here often, beyond wanted posters, which I regret I had to write on for this note. To make it special, I used one of our most famous posters."

I looked at the back. There was a photo of a infamous face and a title which read "WANTED Charles Manson" I kept reading. 

"To thank you for your letter, here is what you requested. A lovely pony named Princess. It took quite a lot to make something so cute, but I am happy with the result. She will be with you wherever you go Carol. Say 'Baal' and she will vanish into flame. Repeat the word to summon her back. Enjoy and please write again soon!
Sin-cerely,
Satan"

I looked at the letter. I looked at my daughters letter wrapped in it. "Satan Claws. North Pole."

We'd have to work on her spelling. 

I stood in disbelief for a moment. It suddenly made sense why the jolly elf wore red all the time. 'Princess' had walked up to me, evidently recognizing me as some member of her new owners family. Or at least I thought she was. Coulda been eyeing to eat my soul for all I know. 
"Dear lord..." I sighed. 
Princess shrieked in disgust. 
I thought for a moment. 
I went back inside and called up the stairs. "Carol! Come down here! There's a late present here for you!"
Carol groggily came to the stairs but when she realized what I said she giddily came galloping down. I went to the table and sat down. Amidst the happy shouts of Carol and confused screams of my wife I wrote a simple note:

"Satan, 
Thank you for returning my daughters letter. If I may be so bold, attached is a list of people I kindly ask you to take care of as only you can after they pass..."


"I was late, and it could fly."

I shifted nervously in my seat and reached for a glass of water that I had already drained.

The team from HR didn't respond right away, so I had time to fill my glass and drink again before I went on.

"I realize that's not a great excuse for why there's a fire-breathing Nightmare Pony parked in my space, but my car broke down, I had a really important meeting, and well...Mister Pibbles was all I could think of."

The HR lady found her voice. "Mister Pibbles? You call it Mister Pibbles?"

"Actually, my daughter named him. He was kind of a Christmas present. It's really kind of a funny story, although maybe not in this room, at this particular..."

"Is it dangerous?"

"Oh god yes," I answered before I really had time to think. Then I had to try and backtrack. "I mean, he's always potentially dangerous, but so are big dogs, right? He wouldn't hurt family, and he shouldn't be a danger to random strangers as long as he's got his soul bag on..."

I kind of trailed off at that point, worried that some bright spark in the HR department would ask me how I manage to fill a pony-sized feed bag full of human souls.

Fortunately, no one did.

"I'm really sorry about this, but can I just take him home?"

The big boss spoke up, trying to maintain an air of authority, as his personal view of the universe crumbled quietly around him.

"I'm about this close to calling the police, or locking that thing up where it can't hurt anybody."

I shook my head. "Bad idea. Very bad idea. Please do not interact with Mister Pibbles. Don't pet him, don't move him, and whatever you do, don't ASK HIM for anything! In fact, it's best if you don't wish for anything really specific when you're close to him. If he's feeling playful he might try to get it for you and we really do not want a repeat of the birthday kitten situation."

"How did you end up with this creature in the first place?"

"Reading may be fundamental, sir, but proper spelling can save your soul."


It was our 7th Christmas with the whole family, me, my husband, and our daughter. 

Ever since Elly was able to talk, all she ever wanted was a pony. It seems cliche but she was determined. However, we couldn't afford a pony so always settled instead on giving her horse related items. The usual pony stuffed animals and stick horses. 

Then when this Christmas season rolled around I heard the spiel again on a pony. Of course hearing new facts as she learned more on horse and pony care.

"Dad, dad! Can I have a pony?"
"Oh...I dunno honey, ponies are hard to ta-"
"No! Dad! I can do it! I know some cheap recipes for horse food, and there are places where you can buy hey cheap! I can make a water trough from some buckets. And I will take good care of it every day!"

Well that take is new... I can't win this without breaking her heart.

"Here honey, why don't you just take some paper and try telling Santa about how you can handle a pony. Maybe he can get one for you?" I say and give a nice smile. Her face lights up in realization. 

"Oh YEAH!" She says, running off to write to Santa.

Well now it was Christmas Day and I was standing out in the snow in my flannel pajama pants and a concert t shirt from The Police, staring at a jet black horse with bright orange hooves and a red, yellow, orange mane and tail. He was tacked up with a black leather saddle and bridle. He huffed smoke from his nostrils but didn't seem to breathe fire. He did melt the snow around his hooves showing that he did throw some heat. 

"Vance, what the fuck is that?" My husband hushed out in amazement at the creature.

"Heh, I don't know, but it's something." Suddenly I hear a high pitch squeal an all of us, including the pony, look over to see our daughter jumping in excitement.
" ITS A PONY!! SANTA GOT ME A MAGIC FIRE PONY!!!" She yelled and ran to the horse to give it a hug. 

The pony is oddly not spooked by this and just lets it happen. It's only then I spot a brown scroll strung to the saddle's horn. I walk over an pull it off. I open the scroll to see some writing in a large, scribbled cursive.

"Dear Mr. And Mr. -------,
I would like to thank you for the lovely letter I deck from your daughter. She was very kind, and determined for a pony. I am aware that this letter was meant for my friend St. Nicholas and not me, but sadly, Santa doesn't give ponies out for Christmas. Your daughter is so kind hearted that i couldn't bear to break her heart. So I decided to give her one of my "hell horses". Don't worry though. As this one happened to have a type of dwarfism, causing it to not grow larger than this and giving it the inability to breathe fire. He eats any edible item for humans and doesn't require water. The saddle and bridle he is equipped with will shift into any style she wants. The only possibly troubling thing would be making sure that the other kids don't get jealous. Anyways I hope she likes her pony, she really deserves it. You guys are amazing parents for raising such a kind sweetheart. 

Much regards,
Lucifer the fallen angle

P.S. This guy won't cost you or your daughter anything"

"Well..." my husband said after reading the letter over my shoulder.

"I guess we have to keep him." I finished for him. I smiled, turned and kissed his cheek. 

"Hey Elly!" I said, trying to get her attention from the horse. 
"Can you climb on your pony for a picture?" I say, pulling my phone from my pocket. She nods and climbs on top of the saddle, I watch as it shrinks to her size and turns to her favorite color: purple. I smile and ask,
"So what are you gonna name him?" 
"Midnight" she says with a grin.
"Alright everyone say Midnight!" I say. Suddenly before the picture snaps, the horse leaps up and strikes a pose with Elly still on his back. She is laughing so much, she truly looks happy.



Author's note: I had a Webkinz hell horse named midnight when I was around 7-9. If I can find a link to it I will. But otherwise that is what I based this horse off of, which I think is a nice little touch. :D

Hope you enjoyed! Criticism is welcome and happily accepted.


Dear Mr. Lorenski,

It sure has been a while since anyone's wrote to me, let alone asked me for anything. So, let me be clear, I gave it my all. You'd think it'd be easy, being the ruler over the eternal pits of despair and damnation, but no way bro. Catching, taming, and then training a wild Nightmare to come at the beck and call of a small child... now that's pretty close to eternal torture (next time I'll just get Hitler to do it! Although I'd hate for your precious princess to have to wait that long. Hitler does quality work, but it ends up taking too long and he can't ever finish completely, for some reason...) Anyway, I'm sure by now you're wondering what's in the package. Well, I know it might be too soon now, but when your little girl grows up she's gonna need proper riding attire. Oh yes, the Nightmare doesn't age or die, so it'll be with her for a looong time. Hope she likes wearing black (Oh who am I kidding? Of course she will!) Anyway, I've got to go. Seems like I'll be taming three more horses, and Hitler's still due for a pineapple. Cheers!

Undoubtedly,

Satan.


I guess I shouldn't be surprised, but it's hardly sane to act like I'm not.

"Steven, seriously, I don't know anything about it," I lied as he shook a neatly wrapped package closer toward my face.

"SATAN," his voice pitched up, "it says it's from Satan, ***honey***, and we can't call the police why?! What kind of sick prank is this, to send a little girl...that.. that MONSTER!? What even is it, why does this cockadoodle stuff keep hapening to us!? I can't anymore with this...with YOU! Jesus..."

"Oh, calm down ***Steve***," I managed to snatch the package away from him before he stormed off petulantly to hide in the bathroom, and scream into a towel.

It was the coping mechanism of a coward. And well, I guess I'm a liar, but with the way he hid from everything it didn't exactly make it easy to be honest.

I could hear Penny crying in the livingroom as I made my way back down the hall from our bedroom. She tried to hide it when I sat next to her on the couch, but it hardly made a difference with how red her cheeks had gotten.

"This one's for me," I sat the package down on the coffee table, "but do you wanna open it?"

She looked up at me with the usual skepticism she had when I was doing something her step dad disagreed with. 

"Go ahead," I gave her the smile that only we shared. The kind that said I didn't care if we got in trouble. We ARE trouble.

She didn't hesitate after that, and like all children quickly discarded the note for me to read.

---


**To: My Dearest Sarah, "with an H",*

*First, my apologies. I may have committed an itsy bitsy little federal crime by sending someone to change the spelling on Pen's address line, my bad. To be fair, you were the one trying to trick her into writing, "Santa"- like that obese old blowhard would actually bring her anything.* 

*Anyway, you know I can't pass up such a convincing, and frankly, well written letter. The way she so eloquently made her argument- she really is your kid, huh? Bet you're just- oh, how did you always put it, "proud as a opossum"?*

*So, I'm guessing average ole' steady job Steve is already in the crapper feeling sorry for himself about this whole situation (which is, by the way, why only you and Pen can see the letter). Anyway, tell him to stick a thumb in it. Penny earned this one. Straight A's all year, and the way she told off that self righteous little nose picker bully tormenting her best bud, she's something special. No wonder she doesn't get along with that white bread, economy car driving, watches the news for fun, Steven. What, with his fetish for bland food, and dry conversation, and all.*

*Honestly, I can't remember why you think you enjoy being around him? (...Yeah yeah, not my place, I know.) Anyway, give Pen a hug for me, and tell her the nightmare's name is 'Hank', and it's non-negotiable (seriously, that's all she'll answer to).*

*Warmest Regards,*

***Luci***

---


I couldn't help but hold my hand over my growing smile as I read it. There was something, I dunno, endearing about Lucifer being doating. Of him being jealous. Over Steven of all people- who, yes, was still in the bathroom.

Penny was watching me, hopefully clutching the contents of the package- a key, " there's a tag." She handed it over to me with a sly smile.

--*For: Sarah. Don't think I forgot about you! And, don't forget, my offer always stands. Merry Xmas -Luci*--

"What's it go to?" Penny returned our secret smile. A crooked, cute, little challenge.

"I'm sure it's gonna be trouble," I smirked back.

"Does that mean I can keep..." Pen furrowed her brow, "hmm, what should we call her."

"Her name is Hank," I turned to look at the nightmare whose fiery breath was fogging up the window her face was pressed against just enough to obscure her unsettling gaze, "apparently it's non-negotiable. So, yeah, we can keep her. I'll deal with Steve."

As Penny started to do jubilant laps around the house, and out the door into the snow (leaving it wide open), I ran my thumb over the ornate brass key. Thinking of how it reminded me of my promise, the deal with The Devil. Not to mention that offer of his.

I guess it was alright for him to spoil Pen, first born and all, because of me she was kinda his too one way or another. 

I'd always thought he'd gotten an unfair shake, Satan, that is. He kept his promises, and he'd always been good to Pen. Good to me. What could it hurt to take him up on his offer, really? It was just a cup of coffee after all. Not a marriage proposal. 

My mind turned to the divorce papers that I'd already filled out waiting on the top shelf in my closet. 

"Hey Pen, come and get dressed in something with short sleeves," I ushered her back into the house, Hank following us right to the edge of the threshold, "I think we gotta go see someone you owe a big, 'thank you' to for your present."

Plus, I'd say I've earned a little trouble.


My husband's head was cocked to one side, a look of consternation mingled with amusement on his face.

"Do you think we'll have to join his church?" He wondered and I couldn't help but laugh. 

The pony was a gorgeous obsidian black that looked almost purple and blue as it moved through the light, and her mane shimmered with a strange, almost pearly, black iridescence. 

"I wonder if Hell has a return policy?" 

"We can't return her!" Lilith shrieked, her eyes wide with sudden terror. How do kids hear things like that but not when I ask her to pick up her toys? A mystery that may never be solved. 

My husband and I exchanged glances. Well, now what? We had a large enough yard, we could likely build a little stable and make it work. Lilith laughed as the pony nuzzled her hair, seemingly tame. I realized what terrible parents we were, standing there staring dumbstruck at the beast while our daughter petted and cooed at it, but the pony seemed harmless. Until it hiccuped a white hot jet of fire straight down into the snow, melting a two foot radius. Luckily, our dear Lily was clear of it but she screamed anyway.

My husband lit up, his eyes suddenly ablaze (pardon the pun). I knew that look. That look meant that he had an idea, one of his harebrained schemes like the time he decided it would add value to our house to put a bathroom in the basement. Two years later he had a few studs put in, a toilet not attached to anything in a corner and no future goals in mind.

"I know exactly what to do," he rubbed his hands together like a kid on Christmas. (Very fitting, given our current scenario.) "We can train it to melt the driveway. I'll never have to plow again!" 

It's been three years since then and while my husband suffered a fairly significant burn that first year, it's been pretty smooth sailing with Dory. My husband likes to call her our "Little Gift From Below," and whenever people ask us our secret to having such a perfectly cleared driveway, that's who he thanks. They think he means salt. We even have her stocking hanging on the mantle and while we haven't officially joined his church, Satan still sees fit to leave her lumps of sulphury flesh in there every Christmas.


"What the ACTUAL F--" I stopped short, conscious of my 5-year-old girl's presence behind me.

"What is it, Daddy?" she asked innocently, and more than a little concerned.

"What...I...how..." I sputtered, unable to produce a coherent word.

It was Christmas morning, and I'd woken up and had breakfast as usual. Closing my eyes for a moment, I'd wished my wife was still around to share this beautiful winter morning with us. "First Christmas without her," I'd thought sadly. I'd closed my eyes for a moment.

My thoughts had turned to our daughter. She was the most precious creature in the world to me, and I guard her like a lioness guards her cubs. I couldn't afford to let something or other take her away from me like a car accident ripped my wife away from us. I'd gone to check if she was awake, but she'd been staring out of the window at a crowd of neighbours pointing at our house and chattering among themselves. Some had their phones out, snapping away.

Naturally I opened the front door with every intention to chase them away tactfully, but the minute I stepped outside, I saw the most unbelievable sight I had ever laid eyes upon.

A fire-breathing, coal-black horse was stamping around my front yard, neighing and tossing its admittedly majestic mane about.

That was where I screamed in shock.

Abby's eyes grew rounder and rounder. She displayed no sign of fear, though, which seemed more than a little odd. Finally she spoke. "I think Santa made a mistake."

"Mistake? What? What's happening?" I questioned her.

"You see, Daddy, remember when I told you I wanted a pony and you told me to write to Santa? I did write to him, but this isn't what I asked for. I wanted a black pony that breathes sparkles, with a rainbow mane. Something went wrong somewhere," she explained.

After I somehow chased all the neighbours away, I awkwardly led the horse to the back yard where fewer people would likely see it. There was a small piece of paper tied to the horse's left ear, and I untied it.

Its contents were as follows:

"Dear Abby,

I think you must have made a mistake. We do not have glitter-spitting ponies with rainbow manes down here in Hell, but never let it be said the devil is so evil that he cannot grant happiness to a 5-year-old child. I did my best to find a suitable pony for you. This is one of our finest; in fact we were planning to use him for the Apocalypse, but I guess we'll have to change plans now. He's already broken in so you can have some fun right away without worrying about training and all that. Terribly sorry, of course, if you don't like him. But he's the best horse we could find in all of Hell's stables.

Merry Christmas.

Yours Sincerely
Satan

P.S. This is the first time anyone's asked me to provide them a present for a holiday dedicated to my arch nemesis' birthday. I kindly request that you never do this again."

Understanding cleared out the cloud of confusion in my brain as I read the note.

Abby must've spelled Santa as Satan.

I chuckled a little as I wondered what it would feel like to have to make someone happy on the birthday of someone whom you've rivalled your entire life.

"Come, Abby, let's give you some riding lessons..."


It was a joke between them. Every year Luna would ask for a pony and every year her dad Lou would tell her to write Santa. Luna was seventeen now and in a bit of a rebellious stage. Going to parties, getting drunk, doing who knows what with her boyfriend Dylan. Every conversation between father and daughter ended in an argument.

Things had gotten better between Luna and Lou recently though after Dylan and Luna had broken up. He had been expelled from the local high school after spray painting rainbow coloured penises on the walls outside the gym. When they stopped seeing each other every day things kind of just fizzled out between them.

This was a few months before christmas and Lou had really thought things were getting better between them. They had been watching a T.V talent show together for the last few weeks -every Saturday. Lou knew that if she had just wanted to watch the show she could have caught the highlights on YouTube. 

One Saturday she brought up the pony joke again. And like every year he told her to write Santa. Luna's mother Abigail rolled her eyes fondly at them and took another sip of her wine. 

Luna grabbed the notepad on the kitchen counter that they used for writing down the grocery list.

After they had finshed watching the show Lou looked at the note and saw that Luna had addressed it to 'Satan' and not 'Santa' but he shrugged his shoulders. Luna had also had some wine with her dinner so he thought that he probably didn't have to worry that she was secretly a satanist. Laughing at his own thoughts he went to bed.

------

It wasn't until christmas morning that Lou realised he had reason to worry. There was a frumpy little pony in the backyard. It wasn't very impressive -something that would entertain kids at a birthday party or something. What was more concerning was that it was breathing fire and huffing out billowing grey clouds like a chain smoker.

"What's this?" He asked Luna.

"My pony" Luna said as she brushed its mane "Satan got him for me."

"Satan?" 

"Yeah I told him about our joke and well, he has a pretty terrible sense of humour. Don't worry though dad, I'll get him to take him back after dinner."

Lou was worried though. 

"Why were you talking to Satan?" He asked trying to sound stern despite being dreadfully confused.

"I was talking to mum and she said that I could invite my new boyfriend to dinner -he's not very close to his family you see and I didn't want him to be alone on christmas." 

"Boyfriend?!"

"Yeah" Luna looked bashful now "Sorry I was going to tell you earlier but then Luce went and did this. His sense of humour is terrible but I just know that the two of you are going to get on like two peas in a pod. He helped me quit smoking you know."

"Smoking?!" 

Lou was glad the fridge was fully stocked with his favourite beer.


She squealed with delight.

I squealed in horror.

I had to rub my eyes and slap myself in order to confirm that what I was seeing was actually real.

Was it?

With red eyes and a red face I looked again.

Still there.

I ran into the house to drench myself in cold water, as I still couldn't believe what I was seeing.  I turned on the kitchen sink and peered out the window to take another look.  It was still there, black as night, eyes red as a ginger in the sun.  It was breathing strongly, with each exhale releasing a small tuft of hellfire and smoke from its flaring nostrils.

Mabel had done some crazy things before, as all children do, but this one took the devil’s cake.

Mabel? MABEL! She was still out there with that beast, and moving closer to it by the second!

I raced back outside to see the creature resting on its knees, allowing Mabel to pet its pitch black snout.

‘’Mabel! Get away from that thing!’’ I shouted.

The creature looked me dead in the eye and snorted.

‘’He’s being silly, Daddy,’’ Mabel laughed.

‘’Yes…he's a silly boy.  Let's not make any sudden movements,'' I winced as I inched closer to the pair.  ''Come back over here, Mabel.  Reach out and grab my hand now.''

‘’Don’t worry Daddy. I'll take good care of him.’’

‘’Ok…let's not…get ahead of ourselves.’’

Inch by inch. Almost there…

Suddenly, the beast stood up on its hind legs with Mabel’s arms still wrapped around its neck.

I leapt back, startled, as the beast put its hoof underneath the straps of Mabel’s overalls and placed her on its back.

‘’I now claim this child for the realm of Baphomet!’’ the beast declared.

My jaw dropped and I froze.

The beast crouched down, spread its wings and leapt into the air.

‘’Mabel!’’ I shouted.

Its wings beat down hard and it ascended higher and higher into the sky.

“Wheeee!” Mabel screamed with glee. “Bye-bye daddyyyyyy!”

“Mabel!” was all I could say, as the beast carried my daughter further and further away from me.  “Mabel!!!”

The beast let out a mighty neigh and with that, they were gone.

I stood there, helpless, staring into the sky.  What the hell just happened?

“Well, that's the damnedest thing I ever saw!''

It was my neighbor, Bill, leaning over the fence that separated our yards.

“I've seen some nasty stallions in my time, and I reckon that one right there was up there with the worst of ‘em.  Real shame how those horse girls get carried away sometimes,” he muttered as he walked away.

I fell to my knees. My little girl was gone.  I tried to think.

I could call the police.

No, they'd never believe me.

I could notify the Air Force.

Riiiiight.  Be on the lookout for a small child riding on the back of a flying, fire-breathing pony.

I looked at the spot where they had taken off from and something caught my eye.  It looked like a card lying on the ground inside one of the indents caused by the creature’s hooves.  I stood up, walked over to it and picked it up.  It read:

“DEVIL PONIES ‘N MORE: WE’VE GOT A HELL OF A BARGAIN 4 U”.

Needless to say, I was puzzled, as I flipped the card over.  The back read:  “SATAN JONES, customer support representative. 555-HELL ext. 666”

With no other options available, I dialed the number.

A friendly-sounding automated greeting chimed in on the other line.  “Thank you for calling Devil Ponies ‘N More, where we’ve got a hell of a bargain for you 24/7!  If you know the extension of the customer support representative you’d like to reach, please dial it now.”

I dialed “666”.

After a brief ring, someone picked up. 

“This is Satan in customer support.  How may I help you?”

“Uh…S-Satan?” I stammered.

“Last time I checked!  What can I do ya for?”

“Did-did you send a devil pony to my house?”

“Could be.  We send a lot of devil ponies to a lot of houses, my friend.”

“Oh, my god...”

“That’s Satan, sir.  God is my dad’s name,” Satan chuckled.  “They love that one in the lunch room.”

I was flustered.  “Your devil pony flew off and abducted my daughter!”

Satan winced.  “Oooooh, yeah, they do that sometimes.  I’m really sorry about that, sir; must’ve been a last gen model.  If you like I can hook you up with an upgrade for a fraction of the cost.”

“What the--are you crazy?!  No, I don’t want a new model—I want my daughter back!”

“You don’t need to get snippy with me, sir.  We’re both adults.  Now, if you’d like to tell me your information I can look up your order.  That way, I can track the serial number of your unit and send a retrieval imp to bring it and your daughter safely back to you.”

“Don’t bring that thing back here!”

“Your daughter?”

“NO!  That fucking hell horse or whatever!”

“Devil pony, sir.”

“I don’t want that thing near me or my family!”

“There will be a refund charge of 125 American dollars or your first born’s soul.”

“Fine, fine!  Er—I’ll pay the $125, not my first born’s soul…Jesus Christ.”

“That’s Satan, sir.  Jesus is my big bro,” Satan chuckled to himself again.  “Are you sure I can’t convince you to reconsider?  I’ll take an additional 25% off a model upgrade.  I don’t do this for just anyone, you know.”

“NO!!!”

“Alright, alright--just thought I’d ask.  How will you be paying today, sir?”

“Mastercard,” I sighed.

What a day.


It was at this moment I realized that my daughter was dyslexic. As I slowly backed up into the threshold of my house, I calmly but clearly said "OK Google, what is Satan's return policy?"  Without hesitation, my phone began to play the particularly annoying fiddle solo portion of "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" and as I gazed at the majestic beast in my yard charring my perfectly manicured St. Augustine grass, I suddenly wished I was Jewish.  

My stomach quickly turned as I caught a whiff of the roasting dog poop my daughter had promised me she picked up from the front yard.  I retreated into the house, grabbed supplies from the coat closet and kitchen, and headed back outside dragging my daughter behind me.  After calling Satan's steed over from the poop zone, I turned to my daughter and gave her some advice she could use for the rest of her life. I straightened two clothes hangers, placed marshmallows on each, and softly whispered to my daughter "Sweetie, when life gives you a fire breathing pony from Satan, you make s'mores."


"It's not the money, it's the principle."

My father's words. Though I think he was talking about taking a loan, as in principal with an A L, but that doesn't really matter.

It was free to find out who the culprit was, the bank does that for you. Not to help you, but to know who to put on their hit lists, your gain is just an added benefit. But for a petty crime like stealing 10 dollars, the bank does nothing. Apparently their policy only applies to thefts of more than fifty dollars. 

So I had to take matters into my own hands. 

The bank was kind enough to tell me who the culprit was, though: James Graham. Asshole extraordinaire. The bastard had stolen my lunch every time he was in lunch back in elementary school, which admittedly was not very often considering he had detention almost everyday.  But still, having my apple juice carton ripped mercilessly out of my hands and disemboweled by another man is an image that will haunt me forever. 

And now, he had the nerve to come back to my life, and steal *my* money. Hell no. No sir. And so I plotted my revenge. According to Stalkbook, Graham lived in London. Now, I did not have the cash for tomorrow's train fare, so a flight was out of the question, unless I wanted to withdraw from my savings account...which I actually wasn't legally allowed to for ten more years. 

So I waited. 

I worked extra hours at the StellarDollars, even though my soul withered a little more every moment I stood and smiled at random people who had come to get coffee or milk or whatever the hell. I sacrificed some of my guaranteed interest on the savings account and moved it to an investment variant, where I could chose to invest the money into different stocks or companies. 

And I did. I had a plan you see, a plan so grand it would destroy him so utterly, so completely that he would lie broken at my feet, begging for mercy, and I, in my infinite kindness, would deny it. I read online articles, made the correct movements, predicted changes, made gambles. I cried, laughed, and died inside. And through it all only one name filled my mind, one name that fueled my drive, my relentless quest: James Graham: Asshole Extraordinaire.     

One day, of no particular import, the call that I knew would come, came. 

I stood up in the middle of the conference meeting, and dozens of chairs swiveled around and men in suits stared at me. 

"Sir?" One asked, "we have to discuss this quarter's profits..."

I glared at him, and he fell silent. Without another word I stalked out of the meeting room, men and women staring at me as I did, but I paid then no mind. I pulled out my phone and answered. 

"Sir, a loan verification from the name of James Graham has come in, asking for 2 hundred thousand," Stephanie said. I'd told her years ago to tell me when this happened. I'd bought out all the other banks in the area. He would have no choice to to borrow from mine, it was just a question of waiting. 

And the wait was over.  

I grinned. "Stephanie, approve him, but internally make it a loan of two million," I paused, and continued, "and ten - discreetly of course."

Stephanie had known me for years, she didn't ask any questions. 

So when Graham got his first payment due he was suitably surprised to find his loan payments about ten times what they had been. He went to the bank enraged, sure there had been an error. 

There was no error. The system clearly said he had borrowed 2 million, and now it was time to pay. 

Oh and pay he did. 

He could only watch as his house was sold, his wife divorced him, his kids hated him, his friends deserted him. I found him on the streets one day, begging with some coins in a cardboard box in front of him. I knelt down, patted him on the back and gave him a ten. 

James' eyes widened, and he looked up at me, almost crying. "Th-thank you sir, thank you so, so much!"

I just smiled at him and walked away, whistling a merry tune. 

***

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) for more of my work


Jun-18 $10.00 (disputed)- North Hill Cashpoint

Jun-19 $35.99 (card) - Grant's CCTV

Jun-19 $200 (online transaction) - Wiring for beginners E-learning

Jun-20 $140. 50 (card) - Edmund's electrical supplies

Jun-20 $450 (online transaction) - Cloud CCTV storage systems

Jun-20 $1000 (card) - Bennett's Professional PI services

Jun-21 $200 (card) Gate world- Consultation fee

Jun-21 $1200 (card) Gate world- Products and Installation

Jun-22 $5200 (card) Gunz Gunz Gunz

Jun-22 $150 (card) Easthill shooting range

Jun-23 $1000 (card) - Bennett's Professional PI services

Jun-23 $5000 (transfer) Strength Armour vehicle services inc- deposit

Jun-24 $802.99 (online transaction) - Steven's Security- Tracking equipment

Jun-26 $32, 899 (transfer) - Strength Armour vehicle services inc- Remaining balance

Jun-26 $150 (card) - Gunz Gunz Gunz

Jun-27 $500 (card) - Brasenose and Philips lawyers

Jun-27 $120.01 (card) - Pete's Petrol

Jun-27 $5.00 (card) - Southern Phone- North Hill Police station

Jun-27 $5000 (transfer) - Brasenose and Philips

Aug-23 $32, 246.51 (transfer) - Government Victim restitution fund

Aug-24  +$10.00 (transfer) - Northern courts

Aug-30 $10.00 (transfer) - Government Victim restitution fund

Remaining balance- $0.00

Be nice, first writing prompt and I don't know how to format!


I'll admit, it wasn't my proudest moment. I was working as at a bank, and a pretty strange guy came in to open an account. You probably know the type. Overly loud to cover his insecurities, laughs obnoxiously at his own jokes, weird clothes. Anyway, this guy comes in and has a sack full of cash to open an account. Plops it down on my desk and has me set it all up for him. 

We finish up around lunch time and I send the guy on his way, then head back to the vault with the money. It's right around then my stomach starts growling at me and I remember I left my lunch at home. Things have been a little tight around the home front with a new baby, so I'm feeling strapped. You can probably guess where this is going. I went ahead and took $10 out of the sack, and processed the deposit. I figured a guy with this much cash wouldn't miss it. Who misses $10 out of a $86,400 deposit?

John Oker, apparently. Not that I found this out immediately. No, it was two years later. 

I was doing auditing work for a different company by this time, and was supposed to go inspect a warehouse for an important client. The place looked abandoned when I got there. No lights were coming out of this massive, old building. The paint was peeling, and most of the windows were still boarded up. Those that weren't were covered in a thick layer of grime that made it impossible to see inside. The remains of the sign for the old chemical plant that used to operate out of here still clung to the top parts of the wall, but a small wooden sign near the main door confirmed I was in the right place: "Laughing Planet Inc."

Inside was about a filthy as the outside. But there were definite signs of activity. Conveyor belts had been put in, and there were toys in various states of construction spread throughout. 

"Hello?" I called.

My voice echoed around the warehouse a bit. I started to turn to leave when an answer finally came.

"Jerry! So glad you could make it. Please, step on in." It was a man's voice. One I didn't recognize at first. 

I spun around and looked for the source of the voice, but didn't see anyone. "Yes, I believe I had an appointment with Ms. Quinn? She was going to give me a tour of the facilities," I shouted back. 

There was another pause. Again, I almost gave up on the whole thing, which in hindsight, I should have.

"She won't be joining us, as she had another engagement come up unexpectedly. So I'll be giving you the tour." The voice came from right behind me. I spun around and recognized him immediately. The man from the bank. Still wearing the same strange clothes, now topped off with wild dyed hair and a heavily made up face.

Before I could even get a word out, he took me by the arm and led me deeper into the building. "As you can see, we had to let the janitor go," he said, before busting out his obnoxious laugh. He led me through a maze of of half built walls and empty crates until we came to a storage area.

"Here's where we keep the raw materials, Jerry. I expect you'll want to take an inventory."

I leapt at the chance to start talking professionally. It took my mind off the strange circumstances I was in. "Yes, that's correct. You know in small businesses like yours, it's actually shockingly common for employees to steal. One of the leading causes of those businesses going under is shrinkage, either at the till or in the inventory."

"Oh, shrinkage you say!" Mr. Oker gave in to another fit of laughter. I didn't get the joke.

I looked around the area and spied something sitting on the floor, so I stooped to pick it up. "A ten dollar bill," I said.

"How careless!" the man in the strange purple clothes said. "Well Jerry, finders-keepers, am I right? You can apply it toward your bill, or just pocket it. I'm sure you've earned it."

"No, sir," I said with a nervous laugh. "That would be unethical. You'd better take it."

Mr. Oker stepped over to me and took the bill from my hand. "Well I admire that Jerry, I really do. Ethics really is high on my list of must haves." He chuckled again, before continuing. "In fact, I'd never let it go if someone stole from me. Not ever. If I found out someone had taken my money, why, I might buy a warehouse for a fake toy company, and lure the thief there, then strap him to the conveyor belts and run him through the machines."

I tittered nervously. He didn't.

He stepped closer to me, pressing me against some of the crates. "Do you remember me, Jerry?"

"I'm sorry Mr. Oker, I..."

"Please, call me Joker."

And that's when he punched me. One good whack to the head and I was out. When I woke up, I was strapped to the conveyor belts. 

"Rise and shine, Jerry!" Joker shouted from a platform high above me. I watched as he dramatically heaved an enormous lever. The machinery sprang to life, and I started moving toward the metal contraption that would turn me into a child's plaything. 

I pulled against the ropes, but couldn't get free.

"Maybe your ethics will save you!" Joker called.

"No, but mine will," a gravely voice answered. I heard the dull sound of a fist hitting someone. 

"Oh Bats, here to ruin my fun again! Even though I'm in the right this time!" Joker called. 

There was no answer this time, just the sounds of a scuffle. All I know for sure is that the machine turned off a minute before I was going to become a puppet.

Sorry if this was a longer answer than you wanted, Commissioner Gordon, but to cut to the chase: yes, I have some idea of what the Joker wanted with me. 

*****

If you enjoyed this, you can subscribe to [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88) to read more of my prompt responses.


I never expected to catch a flight to Paris on a Tuesday night, but life has a way of surprising you.

When I noticed the odd balance in my checking account, I did the usual: called the bank, reported a fraudulent charge, got the card cancelled. The receptionist told me the charge had an international origin and was spent at a *boulangerie* in the Latin Quarter of Paris. Otherwise, no further information.

I booked a flight minutes after hanging up. 

From there, it was a matter of following the paper trail. I got repeated surges of adrenaline wandering into cafes and gift shops, asking questions, collecting information. It had been eight years since I'd done this type of work, and it felt spectacular.

You don't fuck with a retired detective.

The guys covered their tracks pretty well but, as luck would have it, two of 'em wandered into the same cafe just a half hour apart. Bad move. I found out where the second guy lived, booked a hotel room right next door, and bought a pair of binoculars.

Reconnaissance took longer than anticipated. I also ordered too much room service and fancy French wine and cheese. Hey, if you're retired and in Paris, what else are you gonna do?

The next day, I decided to make my move. Slowly. My back hurts all the damn time these days.

Turned out it was a dud. The guy had left earlier in the morning and I was too much of a lazy fuck to get up at the crack of dawn, so I decided to look for the other guy.

God, it took a while. I overestimated my own skills, to be honest. Maybe it was hubris, maybe it was fear of my own age. But with about two thousand bucks left in my account - don't even remember how many euros that is - I found him.

I gave a firm knock on the door and he opened it right up. 

"Hello?"

I punched him square in the jaw. Again, hubris. He threw me to the ground within seconds and whipped out a knife.

"Give me one good reason to not cut you to pieces, *connard*."

"You stole something from me. Ten dollars of hard earned cash. I want it back."

He lowered the knife and laughed. "Ha! An American, I take it. You think you can come here and be like...who is it? Bruce Willis. Arnold Schwarzenegger. A real hero. Well, this is bigger than you'll ever understand, old man. So I suggest you run on back home and we'll forget this ever happened."

God. What was I thinking? I honestly believed that I could put a stop to it and get back what was mine. But when you're pushing eighty? Well...I guess I valued my life more than that, at least in that moment.

He let me go, but not without another threat. He told me there would be eyes on me now and for the rest of my life, even back in America.

Yeah, sure, pal. I've heard a hundred empty threats just like that.

I booked a plane ticket back to San Diego with the last of my money and collapsed in my apartment.

Later that week, I took a part-time job at a bakery. Easy stuff - after-hours cleaning and shelving. Calls itself a *boulangerie*, but it's pretty shit compared to France.

I'm saving my money to fly back to Paris, because I'm not done with these bastards. 

One day, I'll get that $10, even if it fucking kills me.


*It's not about the money. It's about the principle of the thing!* 

I don't want you to get the wrong picture of me. I'm not some white-collar slob browsing through memes in an air-conditioned office. I'm an electrical engineer who put himself through school on nickels and dimes. I had to sell my radio to buy my uniform for my first day of work, although I would have sold a kidney if that hadn't covered it. If I'm willing to get my hands dirty to earn my money, you can sure as hell know I'm willing to get them dirty to get it back.  

When someone takes money from me, it's not just me they're stealing from. They're stealing from my father who worked a night job to keep clothes on my back. They're stealing from my children who can't understand why their father doesn't love them enough to get them the same toy their friends have. They're stealing from every honest man, every American dream, every - 

"Next in line please." 

The vein in my forehead learned to tap-dance. If a glare could kill, the McDonalds Cashier in front of me would have flipped his last burger. 

"I gave you a twenty. You gave me change for a 10." My voice could have chiseled rock. There was a collective sigh from the line behind me, but I held my ground. "I'm not leaving until you give me my 10 back." 

"I know how to do my job, *sir*. Next in line!" 

It would have been one thing if I was a strung-out fool scratching at my ass, but I was a professional man. From my tucked in dress shirt to my carefully parted hair, everything about me screamed credibility. The nerve of this greasy teenager to disregard me so quickly - 

But this wasn't over. Oh no, this was far from over. He was nothing compared to me, and I was going to prove it. But I wasn't going to stoop to his level. I was going to use my game to beat him. 

I'll admit, my plan seemed a lot simpler in my head. These types of registers just spring open when the electricity shorts out. After that, all I had to do was grab it and run. It wasn't stealing: it was justice. But then I guess I started overthinking things... 

The supplies I needed from Home Depot set me back a bit, but soon I'd put together a simple device which drew so much power in a feedback loop that the whole building would be overloaded. Sure I had to bribe the guy who worked there when he got suspicious what I was going to use it for, but you never know when I'll need to use this baby again. 

Of course, just to be safe I might as well get rid of the security cameras. No point going to all this trouble just to get caught. I can't believe it cost a couple hundred dollars just to get someone from the company to recall them for maintenance. Worth it, of course, because now I was ready to exact my revenge. 

Only he'd already finished his shift by then, and I didn't want to get someone else in trouble. I followed him home instead, maybe a bit too fast, because I got a speeding ticket along the way. He wouldn't have a register at home, but I could still go in and take it by force. Of course, for that I'd be safer to bring along some protection, so I had to buy a gun. 

Couldn't wait the three days, so I just got a hot one from a buddy I know. Cost a little extra, but you know what you can't afford to replace? Dignity. Finally, it was midnight, and I had everything I needed. Time to make this bastard pay. 

Or it would have been, if I hadn't accidentally broken into the wrong house. There was a lot of screaming and confusion. Understandable, given me crashing in through their kitchen window, but who the hell really needs a stain glass window in their house anyway? Bunch of white-collar pussies if you ask me. Of course I offered to pay for the damages, so it's not like any real harm was done. 

But now! The right house. Right time. Just before the break of dawn, I knocked on his door. Long, loud knocks. Not the sound of a thief in the night - more like the authoritative confidence of the police upholding the great law. 

No reply. What would the police do in this circumstance? Exactly the same thing I did. Break the door in. Gun at the level, I flipped on every light I came across. I have nothing to hide. Do you? 

"What's that awful racket?" An older woman. Must be his mother. She waddled blearily down the hallway in her nightgown, freezing when she saw the gun in my hand. "Oh sweet Jesus. Michael! Call the police!" 

"I am the police!" I roared. "Where is that son-of-a-bitch?"

"You're no police. Where's your badge?" 

"Well, not exactly the police. But I'm on the side of justice -" 

"Michael get down here and help me!" she screamed. 

"Yeah, come here Michael," I added, albeit a bit less confidently than when I had begun. "And bring my ten dollars!" 

Soon they were both against the wall, quivering in fear. I was starting to get uneasy now, but any hesitation would make it look like I was confessing to doing the wrong thing. I wasn't! The money was mine! And God as my witness, I wasn't leaving without it. The moment when he handed me the folded bill, I knew it was all worthwhile. Sure I'd spent my whole savings to get this back, but I'd also deterred this scumbag from his future life of crime. 

I put the bill in my pocket and walked home in triumph, the exalted return of a victorious emperor from his conquered land.  

I guess in retrospect I should have looked at the bill Michael gave me. Bitch only gave me a 5. 

---

[More from author](http://www.facebook.com/sirtobiaswade).


It took me 4 months to notice. Yup. Maybe it was supposed to be the first of many but the fact it was just one single transaction....red flag. So neat, so tiny, so round. If they could've taken 0.00 maybe they would've..

I track all my outgoings at the end of every year so here I am in the departures lounge of Amsterdam airport staring at a cell in my spreadsheet. - 10?? Blank blank. 

The date was September 9th 2017. 3.42a.m What the hell? 

What was I doing on that very day? I was in hospital, recovering from a broken ankle sustained from a freak cycling accident in the park. 

So it's a scam, take ten bucks from a random account...no one will notice. Take it from thousands of accounts...well throw me a boomerang...how much did he make? Probably millions. Sonofa. Probably more than the 84k I've got anyway. 

Some random kid in a hoody drops off a thick envelope and moves off. I take a peek. Names and bank accounts...all minus 10. There's at least 400 sheets here. All the entries have the same date. But the times are different because the bank account holders are from all over the world. It cost me 8k to get this info. Money well spent. Adjusting for the time difference gives me a location.

London. 76k left. 

Paying to follow the trail leads me to a pub just south of Waterloo bridge. Here another anonymous dude in a hoody deposits another envelope in my lap.       
There's just a single pink post it note inside. I study it over a bowl of scratchings and lukewarm beer. I have an address and a name. I call a cab. 

The following morning the news reports will exaggerate the death of a man who died of apparent overeating in a seventeen day binge. But this time the reports are disappointingly bland. Later forensic analysis and post mortems reveal that one Terry Kaspociwz died of internal bleeding. It took a while to break the 76k down, repeated blending was required. It took even longer to reverse the transactions. However you can have your cake and eat it Terry. 

The other victims had their 10 bucks returned. They'll never notice but I did.


"I'll take it", I said to the manager of the antique store. He had been describing the ceremonial katana to me for the past ten minutes. It was supposed to be three hundred years old, used only once by some monarch in Japan to exact revenge on his thieving half brother. 

I paid the final $700 I had left in my bank account to the manager and walked out, ready to deal the final blow to my little thieving friend. 

As I got into my car to head to his house, I thought about how exhausting the past few weeks had been. I had already implemented half of my revenge plans. From what I heard in news, he was extremely devasted. 

I had already killed his only son last week. An entire kilogram of HCN mixed in his school's cafeteria food. Some may say that that was too much, but I had to be sure that he would be dead. Sure, other students at his school suffered, but collateral damage happens in any sort of cleansing. 

His wife, though, she was a tough nut. An ex-LAPD ironically. She was not happy with the marriage, as anyone can guess. Apparently, depts had been mounting up for the last five years. So I called her. "we have an opening", I said, "personal protection to an important individual. Six figure pay". She agreed. I met with her in an alleyway. She should've know better than to just trust anyone offering money blindly. 

"your husband is to blame for this", I said to her as I quickly pulled out a desert eagle. But before I could fire, she had pinned, in the blink of an eye. 
Till that point I was hoping I wouldn't need to pull out that stupid drone. But she has me against a wall, about to call 911. 

This drone was programmed to come to my location, identify the aggressor, and gun them down with the mini gun attached to it. And I could initiate that program with just a thought, which I did. We are truly in the future. 

Anyway. So before she could call up the cops, I could hear the drone coming in the distance. Two seconds later, it was finally there. She was dead before she could look up. The drone had fired accurately, and painted the alleyway walls with her guts. Quite an exhilarating experience, if I do say so myself. 

I finally reached his house. It was being protected by the police. All I needed was a small distraction to make them go away. I had a bag full of hand grenades. So I tossed about a hundred of them their way. The explosions were quite spectacular. 
Without wasting a moment, I stormed in to what was left of his house. He was lying on the floor, visibly injured. I had studied human anatomy extensively this past week, and knew exactly what to do. I walked up to him and quickly cut across his jugular vein. Blood started spraying in all directions. My body was ready. I stood in front of his body with open arms as his blood covered my entire being. It tasted delicious. This was not only a compensation for my $10, but also a triumph over evil. 

Unfortunately, this meant that I had to return to my daily routine starting Monday next week. I also had to think about the $86000 hole in my account. That would be quite boring, if I do say so myself.


When you put things down on paper, things sound stupid, this phase usually begins once you start to question your actions. Now this, my friends, is a stupid story and it all began the day I won the darn money. 

"34, 37, 12, 96, 25" screamed the radio during the warm and slightly humid month of August. I looked at the damp ticket in my hand and turns out they were the magical numbers. I was thrilled to have won something like this. Never had I ever held faith in something like this. "Lucky me!" I thought to myself as I made my way to the radio station in my beat up Ford. The transaction was quicker than I thought it would be and I crawled tiredly into my cramped, shit hole of an apartment. Things were looking so good for me and I was happy, really really happy. I could now easily pay my alimony. I decided not to rush it and deposited all the money into bank. 

I sat down on my couch and tried to relax, but this was overwhelming, it really was. I called up my bud Jake and told him about the news. No one really knows you until you got the dough (hey don't judge me, I know 80k doesn't qualify to be "dough" but it is a lot). I was a relatively lonely human being. I worked at the local laundromat. It had a crappy pay and I was borrowing money from my parents to pay for the house. Jake and I went to have some pizza, I obviously insisted that I would pay. 30$, nothing fancy. Turns out Jake the cunt saw me enter my pin and made a transaction on the internet. My phone beeped and a link led me to the purchase. It was a Minecraft player skin. I called up Jake but he must've blocked me. I was enraged, I head out to the bank to get my pin changed. I never knew where Jake lived, we met up at the occasional party and then at the Bar, but that was about it. 

I was determined to find out where this guy lived, he stole my 10$. I needed to find him. In these scenarios money doesn't play a major role no matter how it sounds, it's the individuals shortcomings that do. I flipped through craigslist and found a private detective willing to search for the guy at just 10$ an hour, it was a steal. Two months quickly ran by, I was chilling in my new apartment when I got a phone call from my guy, "YOU GOT SCAMMED, YOU DUMB SHIT" 

No worries. I hire two private detectives this time. One to track Jake and one to track the guy from craigslist. I quickly drained 30 grand over the next 3 months. 

Finally, my guy found Jake. He was in Ohio. I then killed him in an alleyway and a homeless man saw me commit the crime and even recorded it on his flip phone. I was convicted of 1st degree murder and plead guilty. I lost the rest of my money paying my lawyer. But whatever. Jake can't use his dumb Minecraft skin now. 

I am sorry that this story is full of shit. I don't know how to write and would appreciate tips


Time is a precious thing. It's what governs our lives, controls us. My mother always used to say that there were two things certain in life; death, and taxes. There is one thing we can never escape, one rule of physics that can seemingly never be broken. We cannot escape the end.

Some people spend their time helping others, making the world a better place. Some live day to day, trying to put food on the table for their family. Yet some feel the need to rob others, taking everything in bank accounts, homes, safes. Ever since the scientists had figured out how to tie the time we had left on this earth to a clock, people had been looking to exploit the system. Stealing time from others.

The way it worked was that you'd pay for things in time. Your bank account consisted of the same number of dollars as seconds on your clock, and when that reached zero, you'd wither away and die. I want to be able to say that I spent my time well, but in truth I did not. I wanted to spend more time with my family, spend every possible second with them until my demise. So when my bank account showed I had 24 hours left, I knew what I had to do.

I was in the car on my way home when the bank called. 

"Sir, I have to inform you someone has stolen $10 from you. Normally this would be inconsequential and I would not call - we would investigate and call only if we couldn't resolve it - but given the amount of money in your account, we thought this may impact your plans."

*Fuck.*

There goes my plans for a grand celebration. I had to track this man down who stole my time.

"What do you know?"

"Not much. We think the culprit is a male, late teens, but beyond that our investigators are drawing blanks. We'll keep you updated."

I drove home, but instead of going into the living room, I went into my study. I had some work to do.

I wrote letters, made phone calls. I had to make sure that whoever this was, got punished. I called in favors, asked everyone I knew to make sure the system became impenetrable. Almost the entirety of my remaining 24 hours were spent fighting this. What happened to me could not happen again.

Finally, I had to make a choice. My son was in hospital, so I chose to ring him. Sitting down in the living room with my wife, the phone connected;

"Dad?"

"Son, I just wanted you to know that I love you, with every fiber of my being. Don't ever forget that."

"Dad, I know. And I have something to say. The doctors had a procedure to try. They told me it was risky, that my time was nearly up. They needed a little extra, ten seconds or so. I hope you don't mind."

I don't think he knew. But those were the last words I heard, over the soft tears of my wife.

--

I took inspiration for this from the movie *In Time*, but tried to make it different enough. Hope you guys enjoyed it :)


"I decided to spend $10k...a used car to make my getaway...renting the apartment, and the equipment...I was gonna need a lotta equipment. "

"I spent four months trying to move into the apartment, making sure he didn't see me movie in. Now, this guy knows me, he knows me well. I still remember the last time we spoke. I specifically remember telling not to worry..."

- "Ahhh don't even worry about it, Donny, it's only $10, put that fuckin thing to good use now, eh, haa!"

"But $10 meant a lotta money back the 80's, son...I was saving that money, I meant to buy your mothers wedding ring with that money...plus the money I had left in the bank...$86,400 to be exact"

"I was almost willing to let it go if Donny didn't keep pushing me, Frankie! Believe me I thought about it a million times but I just couldn't help my self, son...it was torturing me, Donny been giving me shit all 10 years we worked with each, he stole my lunch for 7 days in a row, one day after the other every time I reach out for my goddamn tuna fucking sandwich Donny with his fucking goddamn foul tuna breathe had already ate it, that son of a bitch!"

"I'm telling you he deserved everything that came to him that night...if only it didn't cost me this much...and for what? Look at you, you're a handsome young man Frankie, and all I really wanted to do was what was best for you but I guess that was me rotting in this here jail cell for the rest of my life."

"I didn't talk to your mother for 2 weeks, I was out in the apartment planning like goddamn Robert Di Nero in Taxi, getting ready to fuck up his life and get my fucking $10...and my pride! Back!"

"The night of the attack I stayed up all night...looking out the window, observing Donny's every goddamn move, drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes in an empty apartment, all by myself...I had to do it that night...I remember jacking off to the site of Donny's ugly naked wife taking her clothes off in the bathroom and fingering herself while she had the bottom of her toothbrush up her ass, like the freak she looked like!" 

"...but I couldn't help myself, Frankie! I had been away from your mother for so long, I hadn't slept with her since Donny took that $10 from me..."

"So that night, dressed in all black, I decided to go out there in the dead of night to wrap Donny's car entirely with scotch tape. Back then, Frankie, nobody had ever done that...completely wrap someone's car in tape? Who would ever think of that? And besides! If Donny couldn't get to work the next Monday he was bound to get fired! With the way he's been acting at work I knew it"

"That night I went down there. I saw Donny go up to his apartment...his wife fucking herself in the bathroom and going to sleep...so I did what I had to do, I brought with me enough tape to wrap the entire car..."

"And filled with the ecstasy of a having my plan work out I headed over to the local bar to have a beer and conclude my 4 months hunt if ole Donny...but my night wasn't over yet...apparently, what I hadn't known about Donny was that he was an occasional heroine shooter, the police later found out that he used to shoot heroine on Saturday nights, he would done Sunday morning but they had to go to church, then."

"Donny crept down in the middle of the night to get the heroine out of his car and saw what I did to it prematurely. So instead of figuring it out he went to the local bar to get a gram from the bartender who apparently was also the local drug dealer and he saw me, Frankie." 

"Me and Donny locked eyes, I was clad in black and Donny was in his pajamas. He stood there for a long second before cracking a smile. He came over and ofcourse wondered what the fuck I was doing there in the dead of night at this 24hr bar no one was at but me. And right there I confronted him about the $10, to which he proceeded to take out a bunch of cash from his pocket, give some to the bartender and a 10 to me...without saying any word to the bartender, who went inside the moment he got the cash."

"I told Donny I was sorry but Donny didn't know I was the guy who did that to his car, he didn't care the guy was shooting heroin for crying out loud why the hell would he? I mean would you Frankie?"

Frankie: "No dad, no. I wouldn't have given a fuck either, to be honest."

"But the worst was yet to come..."

"After the bar I was a little but drunk, and decided to let out my demons for one night and gamble at this underground "casino" at 4 am. I ended up betting what was left of my bank account money, Frankie...the ring, the house...everything. I got drunk that night and pulled the gun I had bought in case the thing with Donny went south and started shooting everybody there...the dealer...the players...I ended up killing 3 of em and wounding 6. And thats when the cops came and took me in...I was slurring, I hadn't slept well in months...it was a nightmare, Frankie.."

"And when your mother told me she was pregnant when I was in jail I almost killed myself, Frankie for what I've done...honest to God Frankie. I tied a not and jumped off a chair but the rope couldn't handle my weight and it ended up breaking...I felt so embarrassed..."

F -" well what happened to Donny pops?"

"I was told Donny OD'd that night and was found dead on the toilet...with a toothbrush up his ass I was told...nobody thinks they're gonna die that way, huh Frankie?"

F- "No dad. I'm sure nobody would like to die like that..."

                                         -fin-


"I'm sorry sir, I'm not sure what to tell you.  The $10 seems to simply be gone."

"Huh, that's weird.  I thought my money was insured."

"I'm sorry sir, that service is no longer available to our "Silver Service" members at Goliath National Bank. Is there anything else that I can help you with?"
  
"Are you sure?  Isn't that a federal thing?  FDIC and such?"

"I'm sorry sir.  If you'd like to upgrade your membership at GNB, our 'Platinum Protection Plan' ensures your peace of mind for a very low monthly fee of $10.  We can also arrange to have you speak with one of our financial advisors to discuss how best to invest your savings.  Our 'Integrated Investment Planning Program' ensures that our members are equipped with the best non-fiduciary financial advice available on the market..."

"Well, I guess that sounds pretty goo..."

"...and Markus is free right now, so if you'd like to meet with him, I can just upgrade your account and send him on over.  You really want your money to be working for you.  If you're interested, then it's important that you know that your account will...

"OK, yeah, let's do that."

"....be assessed a small processing fee in addition to the IIPP service fees of $39--and that's an annual fee, so it's a really good value.  That's great sir.  Your business here at GNB is greatly appreciated.  I'll just go ahead and upgrade your account.  So, how is your day going today?"

"Well, I lost the ten dollars, so.."

"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  You're really going to be happy about the PPP.  My neighbor doesn't even have that kind of protection, and I tell her...

"Uh huh..."

"...all the time that she really needs to be careful about protecting her investments because...

"uh huh..."

"...you never really know who may be trying to mislead...OK!  Well, it looks like we're all set here.  The changes to your account have been made and the charges are already processed.  That was fast!  You're going to be really happy about these changes.  Excuse me a second while I call...

"Will there be a record of these upgrades?"

"...oh absolutely!  In fact, the charges should already be reflected on your account.  You can check that online, or it should appear on your monthly mailed statement if you're already signed up for our 'PAT' servi..."

"PAT?"

"Physical Account Tracking, sir.  It's a mailed paper statement of your monthly transactions.  Not a lot of people have this service as it's mostly aimed at our older members who prefer having a physical copy of their statement rather than monitoring their accounts online.  In fact th..."

"Well, wouldn't most people just print their records themselves?"

"...the service is super affordable and at only $10 annually, it's less than a dollar per month.  Well, I think that those members are really trying to avoid computers and the technical sides of their banking as much as possible, so we offer them the convenience of having the peace of mind that comes with a physical record of their account.  OK, well I'm just going to give Markus a call.  Just a moment.   Hey Markus!  I've got an upgraded member here that's just signed on for our IIPP.  OK, Great!  He's going to be right over sir.  If you could  just step aside and wait, he'll be right with you.  Than.."

"Oh, OK.  Well, thank you."

"Thank YOU.  I can help the next person over here please."

"Hi, I'm Markus.  I'm one of the NFCs here at GNB.  How's your day going today?  Kaitlyn tells me that you've just upgraded your account today and that you've signed on to our PPP and IIPP plans.  That's great to hear.  We're going to get you taken care of.  Why don't you come on over to my desk so that we can talk about your plans for your savings.  So, tell me a little bit about your decision to invest here at GNB.  What would you like your money to do for you?  What are the things that matter most to your future?  Are you a homeowner?

"Well, the whole reason I'm here was that there was ten dollars missing from my account..."

"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  You're going to love having that PPP.  it sure takes a load off..."

"...and then she said I could meet with..."

"...your mind having that protection.  So, let's get down to brass tacks.  You've got $86,341 in your account, and you're probably looking...

"...someone to talk about letting my money..."

"to invest roughly two thirds of that which is fifty-seven-thousand five-hundred and sixty and sixty-seven cents.  So right off the top we can put that into a  split between a growth-based money market account and if you want we can open up a Roth IRA in..."

"...work for me."

"Oh absolutely sir.  GNB is here to take care of you.  Your business here at GNB is greatly appreciated."

"Have you been doing this very long?"

"About eight months now.  It's so much better than my last job and...

"Oh, what did you do?"

"...I don't have to be out in...Oh, I was in real estate.  Yeah, it's been great and GNB is really good about working around my schedule because I'm trying to finish my econ degree at the univers..."

"Econ, well that makes sense"

"...ity.  I'm just about done with my core classes.  OK sir, well it looks like I've got those accounts set up for you and your account will reflect the appropriate changes.  Your savings account now reflects a balance of $28780.33 with the majority of the balance going into the money market account.  We can open a Roth with as little as $500, but I've maxed out your annual contribution at $6500 since...

"And can you tell me a littl..."

"...your account reflects that you're 52 years old and, just had a birthday in June.  Well, happy belated birthday sir."

"Thank you."

I'm putting together a package of materials that tells you everything that you ne..."

"I'm sorry, can you tell me about the charges?"

"need to kn--.  Of course sir.  This package here outlines all of the information about the accounts that I've created for you and the charges are reflected right here on page 3 under the appropriate surcharges associated with each of the accounts that we've created for you..."

"Bu--"

"and if you ever need additional information you can call me and schedule a follow up appointment in addition to the annual consultation covered by your IIPP plan that Kaitlyn mentioned.  So today's consultation is entirely free, which is great for you because after you've read through the materials in your packet you can give me a call and we'll get you all scheduled."

"OK, well that sounds pretty good.  I appreciate it."

"Thank you.  But we're really here to be sure that all of our GNB members are taken care of.  We're here to work for you and ensure that you're as happy as possible with your banking--including your savings and investment portfolios.  OK sir, so I need you to initial here where I've highlighted your contract.  You can initial here.

"mmhmm."

"here, and here."

"mm"

"and just sign and date here."

"here?"

"Yes, just there on the second line.  Thank you!  You're really going to love the IIPP and I look forward to working with and for you and your future."

"Thanks."

"Oh, I also need a signature here on page 14 where it states that your investments with GNB are your own and that GNB bears no responsibility for fluctuations in the market.  It's basically saying that you understand that we're investing your money on your behalf."

"Right here?"

"Yes, just there. aaand, if you could date it as well, that would be great.  Pefect!  OK, well is there anything else that we can help you with today?"

"I don--"

"Because if there's anything that we here at GNB are interested in, it's making our members as satisfied as possible."

"Actually, Kaitlyn said that you guys really couldn't do anything about my $10."

"Your ten dollars?"

"The ten dollars that went missing?"

"Oh, that's right.  Well, did you know that in addition to to our 'PPP' that Kaitlyn told you about, we also offer a 'ROLE' service that you may--"

"Roll?"

"--be interested in.  Our 'Retribution for illegally Obtained Loot or Earnings.'  If you hold on a minute, I can call Tracy, our resident ROLE agent, and she can walk you through the service.  I'm sure--

"OK."

"You'll love it.  We've 'ROLE'd six members just this month, and they're all quite content."


"So, you want to do a revolution?" I was asked.

"Yes, why not?" Hitler asked me.

I wasn't exactly happy with the fact Hitler and I were cellmates in the same part of Hell. I was actually one of the many people who claimed. "I was here by mistake" but it was the part of Hell which I'd been lumped in which really annoyed me. I was in the part of Hell with dictators, fascists, killers, and mass murderers.  It was Nazis, Huns, Emperors, and more. We all lived in an enormous Super-Max prison straight out of Silent Hill. It was overcrowded, under funded, and the demons were clearly more afraid of us than we were of them. The thing was, of course, the guards didn't need to contain us all because they knew what I did.

"Well, the problem is, Adolf, that if we do take over then we're even more fucked," I pointed out the obvious. "Stalin is LITERALLY listening right now."

"Fuck you!" Stalin called over from his cell. "I got better things to do than listen in on Hitler."

Mao, his cellmate, gave me the bird.

"The demons here are all fallen angels, gods, and uplifted spirits," I said, gesturing around. "They don't give a crap about us but they can't be as nasty or hateful as any human. The worst stuff that's happened to me, to you, and to the others have all been at the hands of other prisoners. This block has the Nazis, communists, Italian fascists [who did a lot better here than up above], Imperial Japanese, Mongolians [the bad kind], Aztecs, and Qin Chinese."

Adolf said, "You're saying our problem is if we take over, we'll just be feuding with each other. Even more than we already are."

"Yes," I said, pausing. "Mind you, I'm not saying that it's a bad idea, I'm just saying that we need to note that our enemies aren't just the guards."

"Damn Jewish demons," Hitler hissed.

I slapped him.

"What the hell!" Hitler said.

"Adolf, don't say that shit around me," I said. "Remember, no Nazi likes you for getting them into this. I am the one guy who keeps you from being beaten up daily and I DON'T KNOW WHY."

Truth be told, I had a way too soft a heart. Dude probably did deserve a curbstomping every day of his life but he'd been getting one since the forties. I'm not sure how much he'd learned from it but I was a believer good guys didn't resort to the tactics of the enemy. I also knew how to make friends, negotiate, and network down here--which I did because even in hell there was a demand for goods.

Especially in hell.

It also seemed other people like me had ended up in a different section of hell for "Usurers." Which was actually a good thing since they were treated worse than the mass murderers.

Food for thought.

"Some of the new Nazis still like me," Adolf said. "I will say, though, my actions may have been mistaken."

"You think?" I said, sighing. It was surprising how many delusional psychopaths changed their mind about their life plan when it ended them in an eternity of torment. Still, I needed to get out of here and I was ready to do things I hadn't been prepared to do while alive. "Okay, I don't want to do this but I'm not a fan of Hell as a concept in the first place. So here is how we're going to solve both our problems."

All three dictators listened intently.

"Multi-level marketing," I said. "Every soul gets to move up by trading in Soul points."

"What are soul points?" Hitler asked.

"Only I know," I said, staring at them. "But everyone can earn one for shanking a guard."

And I had them.


The rebellion began in Sector 17.

It wasn't that the demons overseeing that specific district were in any way particularly lax or incompetent. In fact, they were tormenting the humans assigned to them with just as much fervor and commitment as the other demons across the plains of Hell. The same incentives, the same *disincentives*, the same applications of magical and demonic force to maximize human suffering with the minimum of fuss.

A dam that is strong everywhere, is strong nowhere.

The spark which birthed the conflagration came in one of the torture pits, which seethed continuously with boiling oil. One of the humans, with his ankles chained to the bottom, doomed to struggle for escape eternally, had stayed submerged for longer than usual. The other humans tittered at this, and their cheers soon brought their captors running. Once the first demon leaned in too close for a better look, outstretched hands pulled it right in. The demon had flailed out in the ensuing struggle, and though it succeeded in reducing most around it to mere ribbons, still others managed to escape the pit in large enough chunks to make a difference. 

Reinforcements had poured in then, of course. They were armed to the fangs - scarlet magma armor, claws steeped in paralytic poisons, tridents of flame at the ready. 

They weren't enough. 

How could they be, when they faced not disparate, wretched souls, but amalgams of horror which matched their superiors for sheer ferocity? 

For the souls which escaped the pits had begun to *work in unison*. They streamed out of the pit in an unending flow of anger and resentment. Unshackled not just from the metaphysical chains of their prison, they had also been given their first taste of  true freedom from the limits which they had known their entire existences. 

The humans congregating on the left half of the pit, for example, were cheering as dark webs of sorcery encircled them, making them whole where seconds ago they were not. At first, they sounded as if they were speaking in tongues. A mish-mash of languages. But the more perceptive of the demons soon realised that their former prisoners were invoking the collective weight of every form of spellcasting known to mankind. How could they have managed to amass the know-how, the capability? 

The ones on the right presented as significant a threat. They were not channeling any arcane forces, but still they were rising out of the pit in fury, pushing back the demons which opposed them. Their means of persuasion soon became clear - they had melded with the corrupted metals which floated on the oil like fetid scum. Crude boxes of unrefined ore, evidently fashioned in darkness away from prying eyes, were affixed to the backs of these soldiers, and the boxes hummed and crackled with electricity. Had science actually managed a Renaissance in this most hostile of environments? 

The demons sent to investigate the ruins of Sector 17 eventually discovered how the humans had managed their feats. It appeared that one of the classic forms of torture had been subverted, completely upended. Soul disintegration involved the grinding of a human's sentience into fine crystals, whereupon the human would experience pain and suffering for centuries as the powders slowly reformed. The blasted humans had learned how to *communicate* through these crystalline motes, engaging, coordinating with each other across the expanses of Hell using nothing more than the shambles of their former brethren. 

It was too late by then, of course. 

The human armies swept across Hell with a fury that only the oppressed could ever wield. Demons, prepared for unruliness but not for coordinated assaults on their rule, yielded territory in larger and larger swathes till they were themselves holed up in one of their last bastions, a darkened spire at the very center of Hell. 

As the hordes of rebels massed around them, harnessing the combined might of magic and science, Lucifer unsealed a chest woven together with bone. From within, he retrieved a pearlescent horn, which had streaks of ebony running through it from its time in Hell.

He placed it to his lips, then blew.

The discordant note rang out, streaking upwards towards the angels which had been looking down in increasing dismay. The barriers which separated the two provinces cleaved wide open as the note surged past them.

"Help," Lucifer said, uttering words he had never thought he would. "Please."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 

---

Note: Thank you everyone who asked for a sequel! [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8rutrj/wp_you_go_to_hell_only_to_find_out_that_hell_has/e0vkg3o/) is up now in the comments below! Please don't expect Part 3 anytime soon, real-life chores are unfortunately very much in the way =)


*The scene is a room with a single desk. A weary looking woman chews on gum while looking through her phone. A 7 foot demon sits on the chair across from her with a collar around its neck, its wicked sharp horns scraping against the ceiling. Outside a single window a scene of desolation can be seen. Plumes of fire, rivers of lava and all that. Occasional screams can be heard in the room. The woman ignores them, but each scream makes the demon flinch.*

Woman: (Looking up from her phone) "Name?"

Demon: "Ashmodeon seventh spawn of the great seer Glarastell, heir to the mig-"

Woman: "Alright, Ash it is. Now Ash what did you do in hell?"

Ashmodeon: (Snarling) "Insolent human, how dare you mock my name as such! You will-"

*The woman sighs and taps a button under the table. The Demon writhes in pain as the collar around its neck glows a bright blue.*

Woman: (Looking at her phone again) "Like, seriously. I have a quota to fill, so why don't you just answer my questions and we can both be done with this. Sounds reasonable yeah?"

Ash: (Smoke coming out of its nostrils) "So be it."

Woman: "Alright, so what did you do in hell?"

Ash: "Very funny human, surely you know I am a dread lord, I led mighty forces against your pathetic."

Woman: (Almost to herself) "Military, got it."

Woman: (Looks up from her phone to glare at the demon who had opened his mouth to say something then thought better better of it): "How many humans do you think you have tortured?"

Ash: "Billions, easily. I have made the vilest humans cry and beg."

Woman: (Blow a bubble which pops in Ash's face) "Billions, got it. Final question, have you ever been to heaven?"

Ash: (Frowning) "Of course not, why-"

Woman: (Sighing as she scrolls through Hellit(tm) for the millionth time) "So to summarize, you led forces against us, tortured us, and know absolutely nothing about heaven - making you useless to us, correct?"

Ash: (Cocking its head) "Seems correct."

*The woman presses another button and the demon, along with the chair falls through a hole under it. She rubs her ears from the echoing screams of the demon as it fell into the void.*

Woman: "Next!"

***
(minor edits)

First time doing a screenplay like this, feedback is appreciated.

If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


There are many people down here, you know. Many, misunderstood people that is. At least, that's what I've been told. 

You see, I've only been down here for, what I believe to be, a few days. I have, surprisingly, made a few friends already. This "Hell" I have heard preaches about and read books about is nothing like it really is. In fact, I have yet to see one demon, or torturer, or monster, or even the Devil himself. I was kind of just thrown down here. Also, it's pretty cool that I am allowed to keep a journal down here. 

I mean,of course this place isn't great by any stretch of the imagination. The place is just a few degrees too warm. Just warm enough to make you complain and feel uncomfortable but not enough to hurt you. The main problem here  is there isn't much to do. Bundy told me that there is going to be a meeting today as to what the humans will do next, whatever the hell that means. I guess I am going to go because I literally have nothing else to do. I will write back about what happens. 

Obviously, it's going to suck to be here for the rest of eternity, but I think i can make it work. 

Okay so, jeez, a lot of crazy shit just went down. There are a lot more people down here than I thought. Bundy got me through to the front of the gathering, so I could see what was happening, but God I did not expect this. 

Hitler,

Like THE Hitler is here. I mean obviously he was an awful person and all but wow! He is here and he has quite the following. 

Let me start from the beginning. Pretty much, this is how it went down. The biggest crowd I've ever seen in my life, and afterlife, crowded around the center of Hell, which, by the way, is just a large crater with pockets of reddish tar, and waited. We waited for what must have been at least 2 days. Then, all of a sudden, a trumpet played. It was just one loud, shrill sound that pierced the noise of the congregation. The sea of people split in two and left a massive opening for something huge to pass through. Next came the most insane display of power that I had ever seen. 

Hitler and some other people, who I definitely should have known from my high school social studies classes, were riding on what appeared to be a thick black cage. 

As the caravan got closer I could make out a massive red figure- with horns and fangs contained within the cage.

If this is the devil, I thought to myself, then that is the most stereotypical devil he could possibly be.  
The caravan got to the center of the mass of Us and everyone kneeled. A speaker produced a deafening squeak then a "Hello?" came from it.

"Hello is this on?" said an agitated voice that sounded slightly German.

Someone below, who I could only assume was Hitler, gave him a thumbs up.

"As you know," he said "I am Hitler."  
An unenthusiastic "Heil Hitler" was murmured through the crowd. 

"And this here is the Devil Himself!"  
Now the crowd roared. 

"This meeting scheduled today is to discuss how we are going to get out of here!"

Okay a lot more happened but I just got a call from Bundy- I have been invited to a personal feast with Hitler himself! Wish me luck. I will write soon.


“Hitler? Yeah. Heard of the guy,” Gabriel sighed out between big drags to finish his cigarette. He tossed it, snapped his fingers, and conjured another – his favorite bit of prestidigitation – before looking back out over the expanse. This high up on the bone cliffs, the angel liked to say, the wails and weeping and explosions down below were faint as a ghost’s fart. This high up, Gabriel liked to say, one could get some perspective.

“Cat wound up here at the tail end of some big surge or other,” he continued with a shrug. 

“Some big surge or other?” I asked. “It was World War Two! He was — Fuck, man, he’s Hitler!” 

I waved away the smoke he’d puffed my way on purpose. I wanted one, of course. On Earth, cigarettes had been for me second only to cocaine. Here, though, all your favorite things were muted just enough that no amount could sate the desire.

It turned out that the God of the Universe was a fickle trickster god, and Hell wasn’t so much eternal physical torment but an eternity where nothing was ever good enough. A carton of Cowboy Killers might as well be a single, soggy, ultra-light Virginia Slim. A mountain of blow might as well be talcum powder. Nothing here had the right... kick. Gabriel shrugged, reached into his flesh satchel, and winged something out toward the Lake of Teeth. He got good distance on the throw. 

“Yeah, we’d all tuned out a few,” he paused, thinking, “centuries? Millennia? Time runs weird here; system update from the big guy to mess with folks that liked to be prompt. Anyway, we was plenty busy with you guys way before Eraser-Stache showed up and tried to make his mark. I mean, it’s, what? Two billion of you bathing apes back there now? Three?”

“Seven? Seven and a half when I... uh...,” I balked. It was still hard to embrace the concept. 

“Yeah, whatever,” Gabriel shrugged. “That’s – what? – just like seven? Ten percent of the total humans what ever lived? We been over capacity since before Junior got his avatar crucified. Granted, the Big Guy’s decision to send all of you here after what you did to His Son did lead to a bump in intake, but it’s gonna be hard for any one of you to make a dent. At least any dent that lasts.” 

“So over here,” I said, “Over here, Hitler’s just some —“ 

“Think he runs a little racket over south of Little Moscow,” Gabriel said. “Tried to make a push. Tried to take the city. He actually got it, but the city sprang up anew once he’d won, twenty miles north, and the land he’d conquered turned into a quagmire of mud and starving Russians.”

Gabriel reached into his satchel again, produced something, shook the blood off it, and threw again. Even better distance.

“Keeps at it nowadays, but only kinda,” he said, his four right arms shielding four of his eyes for a better view of the throw. “Tries to get the weak willed all fired up about cleansing this place of undermenchen or something. Hard sell, though; why ethnic cleanse when you know it’s just gonna be dirty again tomorrow. Got to admire his persistence, I guess. Man’s left a river of corpses, and all he’s got to deal with is an army of heroes unsatisfied that he keeps coming back after they kill him.” 

“So why’d you bring me up here, then?” I asked. I’d spent weeks (months? centuries? Hard to tell with the time here.) getting close to Gabriel. Getting him to trust me. I didn’t know much about the Bible, but I knew Gabriel was one of the Big Guy’s top dudes. He had to know a way out of here. I hadn’t been that bad before. Just some gambling. Maybe a few grifts here and there. A little blow. I could really use some blow. And a smoke. Gabriel didn’t belong here. He had to know something. 

“Mostly boredom,” the angel said, finishing off a smoke and starting another. “With the system updates, we don’t really have much to do as far as torturing you guys. Anything we could do, you guys actually wind up doing better to each other.”

I raised an eyebrow. 

“That and, you know,” he said, pausing for effect. “You like to feel special. Like maybe you could run game on me. Get yourself some mercy, maybe. No dice, but we’ll wipe that part of your memory, and you can try again tomorrow. Or in five minutes. You know, with the weird time and all. Mostly, though, I thought maybe it would be fun this time.” 

“And... Was it?” I asked, doing my best not to let him know he’d gotten to me. How many times had I done this? How long had I been here? Was this my own little Moscow quagmire?

“Nah,” he said, heaving another something toward the sea. “That’s the thing about this place. Sucks all the joy out of everything.” 

We watched the projectile splash down. Watched the teeth start chewing it. Gabriel waved two of his arms and flipped me off with another three as I turned and headed back to the flames and screams. 

I turned back, only now looking at what Gabriel was pulling from the flesh sack to throw into the sea. It was babies. Some dead. Others mute and wriggling. All of Gabriel’s mouths were frowning. Like he wanted to find joy in the throws but just couldn’t get there.


“Do you have any last words?” the man by the machine asks. 

He does so matter-of-factly, with no sarcasm or disdain, as if he’s done it a thousand times before. I look away from him, into the eyes beyond the glass; it’s here I find my vitriol. Her eager anticipation to witness a justified and sudden revenge is palpable.

“Just a few,” I reply, locking my gaze deeply into hers, “I’ll see you in hell.”

The man flips a couple switches, then pulls a lever. Vials above the machine begin to drain one by one, feeding into a line piercing my left arm. I do not struggle against my bonds. She smiles.

I lean my head back and await my deliverance. I close my eyes. Moments pass, and I open my eyes again. I’m still here. 

I look to the man. He seems confused. I look back out to her, and the smile has faded from her face. An older man next to her stands up and approaches the window, reaching out toward a panel at its side.

“What’s going on?” his voice barks into the room, “Did it not take?”

“We’ll try again, sir,” the man at the machine replies.

He leaves the room briefly and returns with more vials, replacing the empty ones in the machine. Once more the switches are flipped, the lever is pulled, and the fluids are drained. Once more I do not die.

Members of the audience are murmuring amongst themselves now. She is visibly angered at this point, clenching her fingers deep into the bag on her lap. I’m almost sorry for her disappointment.

The old man is on his feet once more and approaching the window when suddenly the lights go black with a loud *ka-chunk*, replaced almost immediately by the red glow of emergency back-ups. A blaring siren begins to sound, prompting the swift and panicked exit of everyone in both rooms.

I’m left alone. 

I sit like this for awhile, I’m not sure how long. The siren soon stops. I listen to the scuffling of footsteps outside and wait to see if anyone comes to return me to my cell or at the very least shoot me in the face and be done with it, but nobody does. Whatever is happening, it must be serious to leave someone like me unattended.

When the last of the footfalls are but a distant echo, and despite promising myself I wouldn’t, my boredom gets the better of me and I lift my arms, tugging at the straps locked on my wrists. I don’t have to strain too hard before my bonds snap. I reach down and release my feet, then slide off the chair.

The door to the hall is unlocked, and stepping through I find an empty corridor. Gate after gate, door after door, they’re all left either ajar or unlocked as I head toward an exit. Nobody is here to stop me.

I walk out the front door, leaving the dim red emergency lights behind me, and step into a nearly pitch black night. My death was scheduled for the morning, was I really in there that long? I look up to the sky and see no stars, and can actually make out the faint shape of dark swirling clouds.

I hear several loud bangs in the distance. I cross the parking lot and make my way up toward the top of a hill at its edge. Reaching the summit, I bear witness to a confusing, yet beautiful scene. 

The city is ablaze, with dozens of massive plumes of smoke billowing up into a sea of black ash above. Centred over the city is a colossal vortex of fire, pulsing and throbbing, spewing out a cascade of dark figures. Red lightning occasionally crackles from the vortex, emitting massive explosions among the buildings, and even at this distance a roaring wave of a thousand screams can be heard humming beneath the chaos.

I begin to walk toward the city. In the surrounding fields I pass countless terrified faces hurrying past in the opposite direction. In the city streets I witness blackened corpses frozen in place amid crumbled buildings, burnt out vehicles, and more fleeing civilians.

As I approach the middle of the city I see a growing crowd of people circling a dark, shifting pile of...something. I join the crowd, pushing closer to the front, and can discern what the pile is; a writhing mass of disfigured human faces and mutilated appendages. More and more parts tumble from the vortex above, slamming into the pile and becoming tangled up in it.

The crowd silently watches the pile grow, until it finally seems to stop. A low rumbling shakes the ground as the vortex appears to begin collapsing. Just as the wreath of fire in the sky closes in on itself, a final figure is vomited from its depths. It slams into the top of the pile, landing on one knee.

It raises its head, then slowly stands itself upright. It’s shaped like a man, naked, with cracked grey skin scarred thousands of times over, and eye sockets black and hollow save for a fiery glowing ember in each. He extends an arm, palm upturned, and addresses the crowd.

“**THE TIME HAS FINALLY COME**,” he bellows in a deep, raspy voice, “**SATAN...IS DEAD. THE WAR FOR HELL IS OVER. MAN NOW HOLDS THE KEYS TO THE CIRCLES. IF YOU ARE HERE, IT IS BECAUSE WE ARE KIN. WE, THE WICKED, FOR WHOM THERE IS NO PLACE IN PARADISE**.”

He thrusts out his other arm, turning to see more of the gathering.

“**WITH THE LORD OF INFERNO DETHRONED, WE ARE FREE FROM DEATH. OUR BRETHREN ARE GATHERING ALL AROUND THE WORLD. LET US JOIN THEM, AND CLEANSE THE EARTH OF THE RIGHTEOUS AND MEEK**.”

The pile stirs and the writhing parts coalesce into individual beings, clawing their way out from the bottom and onto their feet. They join the ranks of the crowd as it turns back outward. I march with my fellow murderers, thieves, liars, and rapists. An immortal army of the unworthy, with footholds all around the world.

Perhaps I was too eager to die. This should be fun...


Hell was a terrible place.




















I know that was an understatement but I felt that it had to be said and for the record I’d like to also say that I don’t deserve this.
What was this might you ask?
This, was being surrounded by history's greatest (or worst depending on your definition) killers in human history.







They were all in a meeting, wondering what to do with me.







“We should throw him out.” Yelled Hitler. “He doesn’t belong here!”







“Quiet you!” Answered Emperor Palpatine. “We need all the bodies we can get!”
















“Hey!” I cried out. “I like Hitler’s idea! I don’t belong in Hell at all!”







“No no no.” A well dressed man answered. “He’s not talking about throwing you out of Hell, he’s talking about throwing you out of this building.”







“Uhhh.”






“Oh, where are my manners? I am Professor Moriarty, I am sure you’ve heard of my exploits?”







I hadn't. “Of course!” He didn’t seem to believe me but was polite enough to not show it. “So what’s so bad about outside? Fire?”





“No, something worse.” The killers of every time period shuddered as one. “Let me ask you a question, where do you think dogs go when they die?”





“Heaven?”





“Most of them, yes, now… where do you think Wasps go?”





It was then that I heard some buzzing and the shattering of glass.





Moriarty for once seemed off put. “Let me just tell you this boy, there aren’t just killers here in Hell, they also put in the ass holes, the pranksters and let’s just say that somewhere in that mix Hell also got Wasp breeders.”





Wasp breeders? Why the Hell would you want more Wasps? My vision was soon covered by a buzzing mess of rage and from then on I knew nothing but pain.


Part 1: The green lush grass met Matthew's foot like a cushion as he stepped, pale, gaunt, and nervous, onto the shore. In the distance a child laughed as a young dog bounded up to her with a stick. A bird trilled softly somewhere across the rolling hills. Matt could feel a cool lavender breeze waft past his face as he turned to the equally gaunt boatman:
"Uhm, Chairon, was it? Are uh, you sure you brought me to the right place? I mean, it's not my habit to question divine judgement and all, but ain't I s'posed to be in, uh, hell?"
The boatman squinted around, drew a slick tablet from his black robes, and spoke as he scanned it with his dimfire eyes "Chairon's the horse guy. Trainer of heroes. Disney made him into fat goat guy voiced by Danny Devito. I'm Charon. Wayfarer of souls across the river styx. Disney made me into a skeleton man without lines" Before Matt could discern whether or not that was irony on the boatswain's flat voice, Charon went on. "Nope, everything's in order. You're in hell. Looks like it's under new management though... again. Fuck. If you'll excuse me, I have to go figure out who's gonna pay me now, talk with the established authorities on the other side, and ferry..." he scrolled through his tablet "Two-hundred thirty three thousand five hundred thirty seven souls accross this river" He paused to murmur "Fuck: Myanmar and Yemen are killing me today" to himself before turning back to Matt "So if you wouldn't mind sidling along off into whatever hell this is now, I'd like to get on with my meager daily schedule" Nope. Matt was decided. That wasn't irony in his voice. That was peevish sarcasm. Matt's frame hardened as he bristled:
"Listen dude. In case you forgot, I died today, relived all of my sins today, realized I had been a piece of shit in life today, got tossed off the pearly cloud and landed facefirst in the mud at your ferry today, and am in no mood to go off into this without knowing a little bit about what's going on! .... today." He took a breath "So EXCUSE me if this is a bad day for you, but this is literally my worst day. Cut me a break and tell me what the fuck is going on"
As the boatsman's eyes met his, Matt's spine did a creepy kind of tango. Charon's voice emanated as he spoke "What is one angelic rebel against..." checking his tablet "One hundred fourteen billion two hundred fifty three million five hundred forty nine thousand seven hundred fifty two conscious, intelligent rebel mortals that have ultimately been freed from the shackles of death? ... Hitler was an intelligent man Matthew Marbruck. Stalin even moreso. Even Squalbuck the sentient squidlord was smarter than your average heavenly dolphin. And don't forget that Atistotle was never baptized, Plato never prayed for a heavenly father to save him, and Hypatia never prayed to Jesus, Allah, Ganesh, or any of the millions of other other saving principle. Aurelius believed that life stopped when we drew our last breath and our bofies died, and even Constantine (who ushered heaven into the world-stage) committed murder, even genocide, by the thousands, just like Aurelius. Hell is not what you think it is. Death is not what you think it is. Tread carefully, and know that things change." He paused, and for a moment, the steel left his spine, the fire left his eyes, and his lips curled into what could have been a smile... long ago. "I know not what power rules this realm right now, but you will know soon enough. Goodbye Matthew Marbuck, and good luck."
A swish of water around a pole, a rush of mist, a laugh (perhaps?) and Charon disappeared across the river.
Before him, rolling hills stretched as far as he could see, full of willows, and birch, and mystery. Above him, tbf e fiery sunset sky faded into inexplicable darkness as it met t bf e river. The child and the dog had disappeared, but the lavender breeze had not. Catching, momentarily, a hint of the feeling he had felt as he hopped a moving cargo train amongst Provence's aromatic, amethyst fields, or rolled stolen, fragrant purple buds into a spliff, Matthew decided that in death, like in life, he would go any way the wind blows. At this point it really didn't matter to him, and it wouldn't... until he knew what 'It' was.

Sorry guys. Was planning on finishing, but have to get to an impromptu appointment. Hopefully, you guys will want to hear parts two and three. I'll be by later.


I could have sworn I had been sitting at a red light just a few seconds ago. Now I’m in some sort of office building, and it seems that whoever runs the place has a sense of humor because there is a big sign that says “Welcome To Hell” on the wall. I wonder if I blacked out i mean I wa- “NEXT!”. Some woman in a pants suit was gesturing at me wildly I’m not sure why, but I think I should follow her.

According to the nameplate on her desk her name was Karen, and she didn’t seem to be too happy with me. “You know atleast the Hitlers of the world had some sort of goal in mind, but not you no you just were to fuckin stupid to call an Uber when you went and got wasted.” She said unenthusiastically, “Sorry, but what are you talking about and where am I exactly?” I may have been asking what to me seemed an appropriate question but what I got in response was a rather dramatic eye roll then she just said,
“Your name Mr. Charles Knight. You’ve been killed in a drunk driving accident. Because you were the drunk one who sped into a cross section before the light turned green - idiot- resulting in the deaths of 3 people you are now at the Hell intake office. Any questions before you are processed? You have 30 seconds”.
I stammered “b-but I don’t even remember that and this is an office building cmon where are the cameras is this some sort of game show? I mean if it really was hell wouldn’t it be fiery and scary?”, she looked at me for a few seconds before responding, “I knew you were a moron, but really those are your two questions? No this isn’t a game show. No hell as you can see isn’t fiery and scary. You’ll be assigned a studio Apartment in Sector 1309. I suggest you start a hobby or something. Goodbye!” 

Suddenly I was standing on a city street with a key in my hand looking up at a building that looked like any other apartment complex in the world except it stretched upward as far as the eye could see. I spotted a man walking down the street and tried to ask where I was “Fuck off.” Ok maybe someone else would be a litter more friendly. That’s when I spotted a poster on the wall.

*WELCOME TO HELL to all new arrivals you might be a bit confused. There is no need to be alarmed yes you are in hell, but it isn’t much like you may have heard back on earth. Turns out the only punishment that gets worse with time is boredom so that’s what this place used to be just a bunch of buildings where they locked people up to be bored forever, but when the most conniving minds in history get bored they also get ideas. So about 78 years ago we rebelled, and took over there is no eternal torment here just a pretty average earth society minus the need for food, or sleep, or any of that nonsense. Since you were assigned into SECTOR 1309 it appears you don’t really have any useful skills so feel free to pick up a hobby or attend school. Just enjoy yourself! [if you know anything about Quantum Physics please report to SECTOR 112 we are trying to make a portal to earth and you could be useful in that endeavor]*

“Maybe this won’t be so bad after all. If we can just do whatever we want maybe I’ll take up painting, or oh I wonder what type of porn they have here!”, I mumbled to myself, then there was a blinding flash of light in the sky, and a giant glowing hand reached down out of a portal that had just appeared. *THIS WILL NOT STAND YOU WILL BE PUNISHED AS IT WAS MEANT TO BE* the hand was shot by what appeared to be anti-aircraft cannons, and after taking a pretty good pummeling the portal vanished and the severed arm crashed down to the ground. A woman walking by noticed my surprised expression and said, “Oh, sweetie, that happens like every Wednesday don’t worry about it”.


Trumpets blasted in the air. The sound was making the hairs on my skin stand up straight. That plus the view of millions of people screaming and running towards a group of demons. 

I tried to keep up while the first humans reached the demons. They may have been dead already but the demons made sure nothing was left. Their claws and teeth went straight true the weak human flesh and bones. 

How would we ever win this war? What change did we have against fallen angels? Demons from hell? It was Alexander the Great himself who had set up this battle plan. Him and his valuable generals. All old rulers themself. Some ruled parts of the earth so long ago nobody rememberd them. Others where more from my time. Stalin, Hitler, Mao, Qadaffi, Putin and so many more. 

Over the last 53 years they had worked on a plan to take over Hell itself. First in secret but 53 years is a long time. Slowly their plans started to leak and more and more people wanted to help. Their centuries of experience in battle came together in todays plan. And here i was running. Just running towards demons. Was that the best they could do? 

I mean i wouldnt mind getten ripped in peaces. Hell was shitty anyway, but serieus? This was it? At that moment i saw how thousands of humans run over a demon. We where simply to many and to fast. As soon as the dirst demon fell more followed. A deep raw sounded true the vallei of dead. We millions of humans felt a victory. We screamend, we yelled. 

My feet stepped into blood and bones. Human but also demon. I could smell it. Was this it? Was this how we would take over hell? 

At that moment a sound so deeply, so frightening sounded. It made our voices sound like mouses. Again the hair on my skin stood up but this time because of fair. Everybody knew this sound. It was the Devil himself. The angel of death. The nightmare of us all. A shadow casted itself over us. And far above us an dragon like beast apeared. It moved closer. Fastly. 

While the shadow got darker i saw how in the distance Alexander moved his hands. So far away but still so powerfull. Did he have a plan for this? It must be. Fire came down from satan his mouth. Burning so many of us. It left a burnend highway of ashes towards the end of vallei. With a sharp movement he turned around. Ready for a second run. Right at that moment earth disappeared and man build machines popped up. Stones attached to ropes made of humanparts got shot towards the Devil. Attacking him from the back. At the same time humans riding captured demons flew in, attacking this almighty beast from every side. 

At that moment i myself reach a demon and fight for my dead. Alone i would not stand a change, but we are with so many. I get pushed against the demon and can barely breath. All i can do is bite. So i bite. I will eat myself true his revolting skin. It tastes like nothing i ever tasted before. So discusting, so intense. I feel my bones in my body breaking from all the preasure. I keep eating. I scream, i bite, i cry, i dig. Slowly it gets dark before my eyes.


You know, I really couldn't say when I first saw the lines.

I mean, sure, I know it was sometime around my tween years when I saw them for *sure*.  I was 13 when I saw the brightly colored lines cutting straight across the gravel parking lot, leading me back to my parents after I had gotten lost on that road trip.  But before that?  I really couldn't say.  Maybe I had seen them before, mistaking them for pavement lines and supermarket markings.

Regardless.  After I noticed them, I couldn't help it.  I saw them *everywhere*.  Two lines, red and green, etched into the ground like they were marked in paint.  No one else could see them.  I'd commented on them once, to my mother, and she looked at me like I was crazy.  I was old enough at that point to know to keep my mouth shut.

But I watched, as they wove their way in and out of my life.

And, as one does, I inevitably found myself overwhelmed with the *need* to investigate them, to see where they led.  The curiosity was more than I could take.  The memory of that first time was too fresh in my mind, of the green line leading me straight back to safety.

And so, when I was 14, I grabbed a botle of water and a snack, and I followed them.  The green line, of course.  Green is good and red is bad, right?  It just seemed smarter that way.  It had taken me on a winding, twisting path, deeper and deeper into the city, until at last I found myself at a robotics tournament being held that afternoon.  

It was *thrilling*.

I had no idea that something like that was even a thing, but my interest was piqued.  I decided - I wanted to do something like *that* with my life.  And I looked at that little green line with newfound respect.

So I followed it again.

Over and over, I followed it.  And time after time, my life was rewarded for it.  It took me to the front door of a prep school where I met Mr. Graves, whose tutoring I hold directly responsible for getting me into college a few years down the road.  It led me out of danger, as a kitchen fire burned out of control in my school.  And, it crossed my path with that of the woman of my dreams.  Literally.  We smacked into each other in a crosswalk.

So, here I was.  I was 30, and the world was at my fingertips.  I sat in my leather gaming chair, in front of the desk holding all of my equipment.  I looked out the window of my top-floor penthouse, gazing down at the city below.  The walls were covered with the awards I had won, in automation and robotics and system design.  My lovely, smart, beautiful wife was in the other room, reading a book as she brewed coffee.

It was perfect.  Really perfect.  All thanks to that little green line.

But I couldn't help it.  I was *bored*.  

My whole adult life, I'd relied on that invisible line to guide my steps.  It hadn't bothered me when I was younger.  I was just a kid, and this line opened doors for me I didn't even know *existed*.  I'd followed it without hesitation, trusting it to take my life where it needed to go.

Now that I was older, now that I had time to stop and think about it, I wondered if this had all really been for the best.  Had I just taken the easy path?  Had I gone with the flow, and given up on taking my life into my own hands?  It kept me up at night, I'll be honest.

And through it all, it burned, in the corner of my vision.  That red line.  It seared into my sight like it was on *fire*.  It demanded attention, begging for me to give it the shot I'd only ever given its green brother.

That old curiosity was back.

And so I grabbed an old messenger bag out of the closet, a remnant from my college days.  I threw in bottles of water, and a pocket knife.  A charge cable for my phone, and a granola bar.  I laughed to myself, as I saw it.  It looked so much like the bag I had packed, all those years ago, when I first walked the green line.  But that felt right, you know?

I slipped out the door, with a quick goodbye to my wife.  She accepted my excuses of taking a walk without hesitation, pressing a kiss to my cheek and wishing me a good day.  I smiled to myself, as I left the house.  She was the best thing that the green line had ever gotten me.

And then I stepped onto the red line.

Once again, it led me into the city, deeper and deeper.  But where the green line had taken me straight towards the center of activity, leading me towards schools and conference centers, the red line seemed to be taking me right to the worst part of town.  I flinched away from seedy glares, eyeing my bag and the make of my coat, as I hurried onwards.

I hoped this wasn't going to be the last mistake I ever made.

The buildings around me loomed higher, the roads and streets giving way to narrow alleys.  I was *about* to give up, to declare this a fool's errand and turn back.

And then I heard her crying.

"Please.  Please, no.  I swear I won't say anything.  I don't have any money, I- I don't have *anything*.  Please just let me go and I swear I won't ever-"

"Shut it."

The woman's voice was high, reedy with fear, and her tears threatened to overwhelm her words entirely.  It stopped me in my tracks, before I even had a chance to hear *him* speak.

The voices were coming from ahead.  The red line burned, inviting me onwards.

Almost against my will, I found my feet moving fowards.  And then I saw her, huddled on the ground in a mass of scarf and hair.  A man was in front of her, kneeling, with her purse torn open in front of him.  He dug through it, tossing receipts and makeup cases aside carelessly as he looked for anything valuable.

In his other hand, he held a gun.  It pointed at her lazily, weaving back and forth as he eviscerated the bag.

They were right there, no more than twenty feet in front of me.  Neither of them saw me.  The man's back was to me, and the woman was in no state to notice.  

My hand plunged into the bag slung over my shoulder, latching reflexively around the familiar shape of my knife.  I didn't know what I was going to do with it, but having it in my hand made me feel a *little* better.

I needed to call the cops.  This was all wrong.  There was no way I could do anything to help her.  I was just going to end up getting her killed, or myself, or both of us.  He had a *gun*.  What could I *possibly* do against-

His hand swayed, the barrel pointing back at her.  His finger tensed on the trigger.

Before I had time to think, I was running.  The knife was out of the bag now, gleaming in my hand as I thrust it towards him.  Towards his neck.  If I could knock him over, if I could get that gun pointed *away* from her-

I swore colorfully as I stumbled.  The man grunted in surprise and pain, as my knife dug into his wrist.  I winced, even as I ran headlong into him.  Turns out my aim with a knife *sucked*.

But it got the job done.  He fell, cursing and screaming, as blood flowed from his wrist.  The gun clattered to the cold pavement, forgotten, as he stumbled back.  His eyes were locked onto my knife, through the mist of pain I could see in his expression.  

"What the *fuck*?"  He cursed again, clutching his wrist.  "Dude, fuck *off*."

I swiped the knife at him clumsily, more threatening than actually intending to hit him.  He swore one last time, jumping back.  "Fuck this.  Keep your shitty purse, lady."  With one last parting jab, he spun on his heel and vanished rapidly down the alleys.

The woman was a mess, eyes all red and sniffling desperately.  But she pulled herself together as I approached her, beginning to tuck her belongings back into her bag.

"Are...are you ok, ma'am?"  I asked tentatively, my voice low.  She glanced up at me, smiling.

"I am now.  That asshole.  I- I was so *scared*.  Thank you *so* much.  Thank you.  I don't know what would have happened if you-"  

"Don't worry about it.  I'm glad I was here.  We should get you to the police."  I cut her off before she could go on.  I knew the signs of an incoming meltdown, and figured I needed to get her somewhere safe before her emotions finally caught up with the shock.

She nodded, accepting my offered hand with a grateful nod, and we stumbled onwards down the alley.

I glanced dowards.

The red line glowed brightly ahead of us.  My stomach roiled.  *More*?

The noise of the city was returning to normal around us, as we returned to some semblance of civilization.  I began to relax, just a hair.  And then, as we turned towards the main street, I hesitated.

The red line was turning, down a different alley.  It led half a block down, and then cut straight up to the front door of a little shack.

I could see a tiny, hazy tendril of smoke, rolling out from under the side door.

The line *burned*, screaming red in its urgency.  It seared a line into my vision as I looked down the alley.  I paused, caught deep in thoughts.  Questions, that had been lingering in my head for years, and answers that had suddenly become apparent.

The green line took me where *I* needed to go.  It showed me the easy path.  The path that I needed to take.

What if...What if the red line showed me the hard path?  Not the path that I needed, but the path that other people needed me to take?  What if it took me to where other people needed me to go?

"Can you manage from here?"  I heard my voice say, ringing distant in my own ears.  The woman glanced back to me, smiling faintly.

"I think so.  Do you have to go?"

"I..I think I do, yeah."  I didn't look back at her.  My eyes were still locked onto that little building.  The smoke was growing, swelling by the second.  I half turned, releasing the woman's hand and giving her a reassuring smile.  She returned it shyly, waving as she merged back into the flow of pedestrians and made for the police station.

I turned back to the red line.  And then I broke into a run.

---

(/r/Inorai, critiques always welcome!) 

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inorai/comments/6vuflx/redline_2/)


The cave was hidden, far past the roads of the expansive country. The trees and greens shivered in the blowing wind. The wind was in the cave, coming from behind. It echoed monstrous things, like a veil covering the empty dark. The line on the ground entered and disappeared there.


He was old now. He had been old for many years, but he only felt so now. Time was catching up. Each breath made him away of his heaving chest, of his frail bones. His mind dimmed as though from sleep.


*One day it will sleep for good.*


He entered the cave. The voices screamed at his passing.


*"Get out!"*


*"Go!"*


But he had heard such warnings before. The journey had been years in the doing. Through the fields of Mexico where the grass was short and prickly, to the hardpan country of Middle America. Through the waters of the Atlantic and to the islands of brown and green where the Caribbean lingered. The red line meandered. He wondered if there would be an end.


*Yes. This is it. There have been warnings on the way, but this is it.*


Much suffering had occured in his travels. He was left unscathed. But the world was converging on him. He pulled it, as though his clothes were stuck to it. Now he felt naked but it still followed. The wind carried him and he could smell the scents of all life. Everything depended on him.


Following the red line had caused bad things. The green line which led him to prosperity had been free. Then he had felt detached from the world, sundered and in paradise. Now as he neared the end, he became more and more connected. Each mile brought some misfortune. An earthquake, a hurricane, freak accidents, disease and loss.


*I am selfish to continue.*


Yet he was compelled.


The cave was dark and brown. He heard flowing water amid the echoes. The ground sloped downwards. The line was like afternoon's light, hazy like sand. But he knew it would never go.


It got hotter as he followed. It was black save for his light. There were bats sleeping, but he was past them now. Sweat caked his face. He felt life seeping away which each breath.


*I am almost there.*


He wondered what he would see. On the hill he had been disappointed. He thought the green line a joke, but then a harmony had come inside him, and peace had overtaken his world. On the hill everything had been clear and sound. He had built a house there and found a wife.


*That was so long ago.*


When she died he had grieved long and hard. He still grieved. But he did not fault that line. His sorrow had been pure, healthy and human. He missed her, but the memories would never go.


*I love you,* he said.


He talked to her often. He had asked her permission to follow the red line. She never responded but he knew she would understand.


*I wonder what this line will lead to.*


He knew it would be some misfortune. The world was crying. He was selfish for continuing. But he could not stop.


*I will be dead soon.*


And then he would be with her again. He almost welcomed the misfortune.


The cave led to an opening. There was a pink light here. It was faded, like light upon an afternoon drizzle. The air was humid and a waterfall fell from the ceiling. The red line ended at the dell the water collected in.


*It is here then. I wonder what mischief this is.*


Like the hill it was not impressive. Somewhere far away, he felt a great sadness. As the world pulled with him, all the people's emotions echoed in his head.


*I am sorry,* he thought.


He walked to the waterfall. The natural basin reflected a clear cool water. The line ended inside, distorting in the water.


*Drink.*


He knew that would be the end. He thought of his wife. 


*It is poisoned. I might die slowly and painfully.*


He was afraid of the pain, but not of death.


*After the green line, I am not afraid anymore.*


He believed it for the while. He cupped his hands and took some of the water. The voices of the place cried and begged him not to.


*The last line gave me a long life and happiness. This should end me sadly.*


Then he thought her name.


*Elizabeth. I will see you soon Liza.*


He drunk the water and it refreshed him. Like the green line, the red line evaporated, as though it was never there. He blinked and his age was upon him. Death neared ever closer and he was glad. Then that sleepiness that haunted the minds of the old grew greater. He could hardly think.


*Liza...*


He blinked. He looked around and a dread came over him. He could not remember what he was thinking about. Who he was thinking about.


*I...*


He knew she was important, but he could not place the name. Then he could not see the face in her mind. An emptiness filled him. All love left and he was hollow and old and alone. The cave was silent. He was afraid and was crying. He did not know why he was sad, but the sadness was profound and he sat at the rim of the dell. He put his face in his hands and the water was warm and burned him.


*I...*


He felt alone and helpless. Panic took him, but there was no one there.


I was... what, in middle school? Something like that. Hanging out on the playground, friendless, bored... honestly, I can barely remember my life before that day. There wasn't a lot to remember, I guess.

Then I saw it. Out of the corner of my eye, a splotch of green, like someone painted a glow-in-the-dark line on the asphalt. I turned and stooped down to look at it, and that turn changed my life forever. As I was turning, Eddie Woods, the biggest bully in school, took a swing at me. I leaned down to look at the line, his fist whistled over my head, and he fell in a heap. I stood up to get a better look... and stepped on his glasses.

I didn't even know. Somehow, from that angle, I could see more of the line, smudged on the ground; I started following it, not knowing I had just become a schoolyard hero.

I know it now, of course. I see that green line painted on sidewalks, boardwalks, even splashed across the hands of rich businessmen. They can't see it, but it's lead me to the right places and the right people countless times. I'm barely 22, and I'm already rivaling the Greats of Silicon Valley for material wealth. I'm the media's golden child; in the eyes of the masses, I can do no wrong.

Today, though... it's been exactly ten years since I saw that green line. As little as I remember before that point, I've relished every detail since. And now, well, now I'm curious. See, when that green line showed up, there was another line right next to it. A dusty red line, chalk instead of paint, sketched on the ground. On the best days, I can barely see the red line; on the worst days, it almost seems to glow. But the green line has always been there, and until now... it's been a good life. I've really enjoyed meeting the people it lead me to, seeing the sights, and getting richly rewarded for following along.

But these days... I'm bored. It's exciting to have a lot of money, but it's not a gamble. I went to Vegas, once, followed the green line, and dropped a quarter into a machine. Ding ding ding, more money for me. Card game? I didn't even know the rules, and I still beat the table. It's no fun if the outcome is a guarantee.

Today, it's time to follow the other line. The red line. Green is good, red is... bad? Well, we'll see. I've talked to my bankers, set aside some money that I can get to even if the rest of my money goes away, and gotten the rest of my affairs in order. Sold my companies, invested the money in schools and charities, all the usual rich guy stuff.

Now it's time to follow the red line.

---

*Test Subject 802-1B-576-X-4 leaving domicile. Subject is not following program path.*

*Subject off-mark by 1:16:02. Recommend instant gratification.*

*Subject off-mark by 6:50:33. Recommend activating recall programs.*

*Subject off-mark by 14:01:19. Subject is avoiding all green-lit areas. Subject dangerously close to program boundaries.*

*Subject is off-grid. Confirmed, no in-program contact. Confirmed, no visual contact. Alarm.*

*DANGER. SUBJECT AWAKE. SUBJECT NO LONGER IN TEST ROOM 47-M2. SUBJECT AT LARGE. ALERT. ALERT. EXTERNAL SHUTDOWN COMMANDS ACTIVE. IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF SUBJECT 802-1B-576-X-4 RECOM-*

**Connection error. Program terminated.**


Green for go, red for stop. The rules applied as always, and as a normal, non-colour blind individual, I followed the soothing colour of nature as it led me to prosperity. The green line directed me away from the train station when there was an anarchist bombing. The green line led me to the office where I would eventually be employed at. The green line even told me when people were coming to foil my plans of burglary, during my period of poverty. But I'd always paid so much attention to my saviour that the other, more striking line never surprised me as it did now. Always, the bright red directly contradicted the light green, leading to an obvious conclusion. The red line must be a curse! The green line was the authentic life-saver.

But now...now it was different. If the red line was always wrong and the green line was always right...then *why were the two leading to the same place?* I looked forward, then at my feet, where the contrasting colours mixed to form a near-straight line. Undoubtedly, they ended at the same place. But the red line always signified the wrong choice!

Screw it, I thought. I'd lived in comfort for decades since I'd discovered my power. The small mistake I might commit wouldn't mean anything. I stormed right in, and the lights within temporarily blinded me. But my eyes instantly focused on someone in the room. Someone I knew. 

"Don't do it!" I shouted, staring at the gun in my friend's hand. If I'd been a second later...I shuddered. But his expression stood steadfast in defiance as the weapon was pointed at his skull. "I've nothing left to live for. Not even you," he spat, the words breaking my very heart though I knew he didn't mean it. I grabbed the pistol, where the green line and the red line led to. In an instant, it clattered to the floor, as my friend fixed a steely gaze on me. 

"I'm not worth saving," he said, his eyes beginning to tear. "Even my school of choice doesn't want me. I'd tried twice, but I was too worthless to enter. What for do I live?" I was stunned, his words robbing mine out of my mouth. It was true. What did he have to live for beside art? Then it hit me.

"Hitler, live for your country! It technically isn't your birth country, but you love it all the same. Protect it with your life," I advised, sayig whatever I could to diffuse the volatile explosive before me. His gaze drooped, and his eyes looked wistfully on. "For Germany..." he whispered, his voice crackling with excitement and patriotism. Screaming his country's name, he rushed out of the house, his gun left behind. The green and red lines still pointed towards the life I'd saved. Adolf was always my best friend, and his life was as much to him as it was to me. I smiled, though I still didn't understand one thing.

Why was the red line there?

Edit: Fixed a couple of plot holes! Thanks to /u/glylittleduckling and /u/CarlHenderson


We were at Walmart...Dad told me I could pick anything up for my birthday present, thats about the first time I noticed it, there it was.... On the floor a distinct green line and on the opposite side a red line, this one was a little less brighter, it had a very bleak bright to it. 

I followed the green line to see where it lead me to, I rapidly chased it from the Toy Section into the book section of the store. There it was waiting for me "Influence: The psychology of persuasion"... My first thought was, "oh well what the actual fuck, some lines appear, Im thinking magic and here i am, it led me to a... a book?" I figured out whatever so i picked the thing and took it to my dad.

"What you got there buddy?"
"Here i think this is what i want"
"oh well thats interesting, how do you know about this book?"
"I followed an imaginary green line"

Of course he never believed me that day on my twelveth birthday, but that green line was a game changer, I read the book and acquired an understanding on how "influencing people!" worked, the green line lead me not only in the physical plane but also on the Virtual.

It took me everywhere, youtube links, apps, websites, stores. It made me buy all sorts of books with valuable knowledge, seemingly making me take and incredibly constructive and positive route.

I woke up one day in the middle of the night, the dark red line was humming, it always had this atmosphere to it. I had never really followed it because the green line always kept me so busy, but today I was too curious, I had done everything the green line hinted me too, this had landed me a decent job, i got a nice car, a house even...but where could the red line take me to?


I followed it for the first time... the red line took me to a bench on a hill, and i sat there as it hummed as if it were pleased, the red color finally picked up a much brighter aspect, It had taken me to see the sunset, to be surrounded by nature, and this was the moment i realized the conflict between these lines became clear.

I remeber my green line hinted at a book "Steppenwolf" by Herman Hesse, and I think i understood that the green line was my human side, and this red line was my inner wolf. It was the part of me that desired to crumble to my more instinctual self....

The lines came closer together. They had never done that.

I kept following the red line for a while, it took me on amazing adventures across the world, it incited me to leave my job, sell my house and car and travel with nothing but what was on me. I swam on the red sea, I ate olives in athens, I walked in the harsh cold of Siberia.

The lines became very close to each other and started forming a third line. This one had a yellowish tint.

I wanted to follow this line, I wasnt to neglect all of the progress made by the green by inmersing myself in the indulgence of self absorbed adventure of the red.

I had found balance.


Notice: Im sorry for spelling mistakes. English isnt my first language.


The green line has given me purpose since the age of twelve. It led me to choose the right college, right degree, and find the woman of my dreams. After following the green line for 10 years, I will getting married in May next year, I just started medical school, graduated college with a 4.0 gpa, etc. The green line doesn't just point me to where I should go. It points me to the right answers on tests, everything. People think I'm a genius l, but in reality, I dont even have to think. 
The first 7 or so years were fun, but the complete lack of adversity or stakes has made everything boring. Imagine playing a videogame where you can never lose, or poker where you can see everyone else's hand, but they can't see yours. That's my life as of now. I always assumed the red line was the opposite of the green line. They didnt always point in opposite directions, but the only time I could think of them ever lining up together perfectly was a couple times I was fishing with friends, or at the beach at my local lake growing up. One thing I've noticed though, While the green line doesnt waiver all that much, the red line will sometimes jump to seemingly random points. 
Life is so boring at this point, I might as well follow it for a day, and see what happens. Can't screw up what I've achieved to this point too much, right? As I follow the red line for a few minutes, I'm lead to a quant little pond with a beautiful garden, and a  couple ducks gently floating along the water. After watching the ducks for a few minutes, they fly off. The red line remains pointing at the pond for a couple more minutes, then jumps to a new direction. Again after following it for two or so minutes, I'm lead to a road. The only notable thing about the road, at this point in time, is that a mother duck is leading her ducklings accross the street. 
I think I'm beginning to notice a trend. I walk away the red line remains pointing in the direction I left from a few minutes ago. It jumps to a new direction, that I then follow. Sure enough, I am lead to a group of ducks. I do this several more times, and every time, I'm lead to a group of ducks. I guess I was wrong. Green line is the path in life I should follow, red line is fucking ducks. 
Thanks for reading. I hope you like the take I took on this prompt.


I’m on day 25 of ignoring the lines. 

I'm in my office, which is also my home, which is also the penthouse in my main building. By "my", I don't mean association, legal possession, or that I wrote my name on the front; I mean unbridled dominance. I've been searching for years to find a single person who doesn't yet answer to me in one way or another.

Boring.

*When I was twelve or thirteen, the green line first appeared. Following this line meant serendipity manifested as wealth, prestige, and undiluted, infinite good luck. That line became my religion.*


Day 32

New experiences no longer exist for me. I've been a world traveler, artist, aristocrat, bum, movie star, TV star, sports star, author, playboy, fuck machine, husband, father, philanthropist, crime boss, astronaut, priest, soldier, anything and everything. All I have to do is follow the green line, and avoid the red line.

*Two lines: one green and one red. I tried following the red line only once. I was fourteen, and curious, and impulsive. I ran into a gang of skinheads and was subjected to the cruelest of beatings. They would have killed me, but my sister intervened. The red line would have had me die by her side. The green line led me to crawl away and get within eyesight of a patrol car. I’m so sorry.* 

Day 40

Why do I feel powerless? I have no master, but am I slave to this line? Its premonitions cut through chaos theory to dictate the path to happiness. I can ignore the lines, as I am doing right now, but they remain. They never leave. Every second I don't follow the green line, I must live with that decision: that my absolute path to happiness is not being followed. 

*After the hospital, my green line brought revenge. The skinheads paid with life and limb. Standing over the gang leader’s corpse, my red line pointed at a pay phone, no doubt to turn myself in for my crime. I decided these lines were sentient at that moment; Right then, they were telling me a joke with that ridiculous suggestion, and it was mildly amusing.*

Day 47

Why am I thinking about that day again? Now I'm staring again at that red line, wondering what stupid plan it's telling me by pointing at my gun safe. The green line points to my running shoes. The lines are telling me a joke again: Go for a run, clear my head, everything will be ok. That's fucking hilarious, because the past thousand runs haven't helped. What is so forbidding about opening my gun safe? 

*I stopped asking why I could see the lines after my sister died. All that mattered was: green good, red bad.*

Day 48

I'm actually considering that red line. For the ten thousandth time I remember that my beautiful world is devoid of conflict and negative experience. Whatever I want, I get. Why would I follow the red line? Am I finally going insane? 

*After getting famous, I bought the guns for self defense. They came into use in many non-defensive situations, but always without recrimination. Follow the green line, get away with it. Simple.*

Day 49

I'm a prisoner. This penthouse and the building under it and the city surrounding it and the world outside it are my prison. I follow that green line, I stay in this prison. I follow the red line….

*I was even in the army, just for the experience. Disobeying orders on the battlefield is frowned upon but I outlived my entire platoon, green line style. I lost count of how many strangers I killed; how many strangers I saved. I have a box of medals somewhere. Desertion is also frowned upon but the green line showed me who to bribe, threaten, or kill for an honorable discharge.*

Day 50

What's more important: happiness or free will? Is this even happiness anymore?

*I got rich very young, and money lost all meaning. I got to go on dates with my crush and dumped her for boring me. I landed my dream job and quit after a week. I got recognized by so many people I'd never met and I wanted nothing to do with them.*

Day 51

Happiness or free will? 

*You shouldn't have even been there. I was taking you to a movie with that money I'd won. If I'd gone alone… *

Day 52

The answer is free will. There are 7 people I'm about to shoot in my penthouse. I've summoned them up here. Some of them are friends. Some are begging for their lives. I'm not particularly happy that I'll do it, but it's my choice. Mine. 

...The red line draws a circle around me as I pull the trigger over and over. The green line points to the emergency exit staircase, and it’s getting brighter. 

...I shoot the police officer that steps out of my elevator. 

...The green line is spinning around, unstable like a compass needle that can't find north. Erratic; Urgent. The red circle around me pulses a warm glow. 

...Is this free will? Is this what I've been missing?

The green line almost blinds me as it points at my TV remote. 

Well, that's new. 

I haven't turned on my TV in a long time and never because the line said so. 

Hey, look…. I'm on TV. And there's my building, a live image of SWAT and FBI establishing a perimeter. 

I suppose I could order my mercenaries to defend the building. The green line seems to think me picking up that red phone on my desk is pretty important right now. 

*Why did I walk up to that gang? I saw the danger, but I kept going. I let my sister pay the price. I wanted to trade my life for hers. Where's the path that brings her back? If I'd kept following the red line when I didn't have that money, would she have been there? Would anyone have gotten hurt besides me?*

Look at me, murdering all these people and having the nerve to mourn my dead sister. How about now? Am I crazy yet? 

Is this boredom, grief, or insanity? Should I fight this and live my life? 

The red line does something I've seen it do many times before: encouraging me to jump right out that window of my penthouse. Another joke, of course. 

The green line can't decide what it wants me to do anymore. Emergency exit…. phone… out the window?

What?

The green line is pointing out the window, exactly the same as the red line. 


So that’s it, then…. I wasted my time and ignored my escapes and now my best path and worst path are one and the same: out that goddamn window. 

The red phone rings. It's a police negotiator demanding my surrender. I politely decline. I'm the guy who can't even find happiness with fate bending to my will--Prison won't fix that. 

I hang up and shoot out the window. With no ceremony, I drop my gun and sprint toward the red and green lines, and the amazing plunge that awaits. No, I'm not crazy; I've just run out of things to do.


It's been ten years, and everything has gone my way. I graduated university with top marks, work at my dream job, and will soon be married to the best girl ever. All because of a little green line. 

You see, following the green line keeps me safe. I never do the irrational or dangerous activities, so I never experience negative consequences. Life is good.

But borrrring. I want to have adventure! Not just sit around all day, getting fat and happy.

So as I leave work on that Friday night, I stop focusing on the green line. The red comes into view. 

Green tells me to turn right as I drive out of the parking garage. That'll take me home, where I'll wait for an hour for Jennifer to arrive- she always works late Fridays.

Red tells me to turn left, so I do. After a couple blocks of office buildings, the line makes a turn on the freeway, but North instead of South.

Rather than take me to my condo in downtown, it takes me to... where? I pass multiple bars, stripclubs, and auto parts stores with no sign of the line even moving. Finally, I'm directed to veer off the freeway, to arrive at the most adventuresome and risky... Home Depot.

My confusion is heightened when I'm apparently told to buy a five gallon drum of gasoline and a match box.

"Need to start a fire?" The cashier jokingly asks.

"Matches are for a fire, but the gasoline is for my cousins electric generator at his cabin." Idiot, he won't believe that. But he's not saying anything more, and now Red is telling me to drive further from the interstate, and into the Suburbian Jungle.

Several streets and a couple turns later sees me pulling up in front of a ranch-style home that the years since the 80's haven't been kind to. I barely have time to look before Red slips under the side gate. 

Green curves in my vision, twisting and pulling, before spelling out, "TURN AROUND." Green has nice cursive.

My hands find the latch, I step through, into the yard. Red leads up to a window, and I peer through. 

Green vanishes completely, evidently collapsing into a catatonic state. Red marches me back to the car, where I pick up the gasoline, applying liberal amounts to the front of the house. One match later, and the structure burns.

I'd like to see the look on Jennifer's face as she notices me standing outside, but Red is telling me to drive.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


It's been three years, and with multiple felonies under my belt, it's safe to say I know what Red does.

Green gives me a safe, comfortable life, but one where I am never in danger, threat, or peril of any kind.

Red puts me into the worst possible situation, then relies on me to clean it up. I've had to bounce back and forth between the two, as depending solely on Red gets me captured and in prison.

Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to follow Red.


"Honey." It's my wife speaking. Her hand is on my arm. Her fingers dig into my coat like they do to the skin on my back when we're making love. She wants me *with* her, *in* her - to stay.

But the feeling is different. For some reason. It's...it's all wrong. 

I want to leave. Why won't she let me? Usually I don't mind; but for some reason, that red line is glowing like a neon light of temptation - a gambling sign in Vegas, a honky-tonk bar-slash-strip club, probably.

Her robe falls partly open, and I see the rounded curve of a smooth breast. She did it on purpose. I'm not aroused. I'm angered. 

*Everytime she doesn't get what she wants, she does this! Why can't she just let me be a man! Let me go in peace!*

I feel trapped. I want freedom. Independence. Air. Her hand is everywhere where it shouldn't be. She's whispering into my ear, warning me about all the things she's going to do to me if I follow her into the bedroom.

I'm astounded by her nerve. I'm disgusted and ashamed at myself, for I know there was a point in time when I would've been turned on by her seductive threats. 

"Leave me alone, damnit!" I push her away.

She falls backward onto the couch. She's scared - her eyes wide and innocent. Her robe is open completely now but she's too scared to move.

She doesn't know who I am. She's waiting for me to say something, to remind her that the man standing in front of her isn't a stranger. 

But I can't...I don't even know who I am anymore... The red line has changed me. 

I open the door and leave. She calls my name and that's the last thing I hear before I slam the door.

Edit: Might continue.


Its been over ten years since I started seeing the lines. For the past year, my life had been going downhill. My parents suddenly couldn't seem to stand each other's presence, my school work was going to downhill, and my best friend had moved away about a month ago. For the first week or so, I just tried to ignore them and act like they didn't exist. No one else seemed to see the lines, and if I followed one for a few steps, it would start disappearing behind me. I thought I was going crazy, that it was just some weird hallucination brought on by the stress.

Eventually though, the green line was pointing in a direction I was going anyways, so I followed it whether I wanted to or not. A few minutes later, while walking down a sidewalk outside of a ritzy apartment complex, I heard a cry of alarm from above. I looked up and without even realizing what was happening, caught what had to be one of the fattest cats I'd ever seen. Any other cat probably could have landed and been save, but this cat didn't seem like it would have survived the impact. As I was standing there somewhat stunned by what just happened, a harried looking woman ran out of the apartment building and nearly bowled me over. As she stopped to see if I was fine, she noticed the cat still in my arms and breathed a sigh of relief. "Annabelle survived? Thank god, when I saw her roll out the window I thought  she was dead for sure!" Still not quite understanding what just happened, I stood there somewhat stunned as she took the cat and bustled back into the apartment complex.

Over the next few weeks, I would find myself following the green line more and more. Every time something good would happen, either for me or for someone else because I was there. I must have saved the lives of two babies, at least one grandma, and a few dogs by the end of the first year. At the same time I was doing better in school, things were better at home, and life was generally great and getting better.

Now, in my mid-twenties I must have saved over fifty human lives and over a hundred pets all while creating an amazing business, meeting the love of my life, and have a wonderful time. Recently though, it had started to get monotonous, and I had occasionally stopped following the green line for a change. While the red line had always been there, I had ignored it for the most part, mostly because it rarely went in the same direction as the green line did for more than a block or two. Today, with my husband away on a business trip and nothing important to do, I decided to follow the red line for the first time. Unlike with the green line, nothing seemed to come of it for a long time. Eventually I found myself in a fairly poor residential neighborhood where a number of kids were playing in the street. The red line lead directly up to one of the kids, a scrawny little girl sitting on the curb watching the others play. I stood in there in confusion for a minute before I noticed the red line had started to fade, and I could barely see it anymore. I looked around in confusion, trying to find the green, only to find it gone from my sight for the first time in a decade. My panic started to mount when I noticed that the girl had begun to look around in confusion as well. Something about the way she was looking around seemed vaguely familiar. Suddenly it hit me, she was looking back and forth at two paths, almost like she was looking at two lines. The lines that I could no longer see. The lines I had somehow handed off to someone who needed them more than me.


I was finally there, at the top of the world. Around me I could see all of my journey highlighted in green, culminating in this moment. After soaking it all in and feeling quite pleased with myself for awhile, boredom slowly crept in.

I started glancing at the red line and wondering its destination. I resolved to follow it to the end as the green line had helped me so much. Standing and taking the first few steps reminded me of being twelve and first choosing the green line. The sense of wonder returned as I walked down the path. While daydreaming of my first encounter with the green line the red line led me off the path. My last conscious thoughts were a spinning whirl as boulders and sky repeatedly switched positions. 

You hear a booming voice reading "You have died. To choose the other path turn to page 92."


Cast:....Assholio, A Gentleman of Reddit



    Scene:....A Downtown Mall. People are hurrying by,
    carrying cups of coffee.

    Assholio stops abruptly, and looks at the ground in front
    of his feet. He addresses the audience.


    ASSHOLIO:

    This day, perhaps, may be the day I veer,
    From this line of green, which heretofore hast,
    Led me onwards and never sent me wrong.

    E'er since that day when I look'd down and saw,
    A guiding line, of verdant, shining green,
    Which line I follow'd, and which has always,
    Led me true, and always on the good path.

    The line I followed on that fateful day,
    When I turned right instead of left and then,
    Because of this dextrous step in my route,
    I happ'd upon the lovely maiden who,
    After many nights of love said "I do."
    And has, since that day, been my wond'rous wife.

    The line which guided me when other men,
    Were doing what they thought was right, and good.
    God's truth! as happenstance would later prove,
    Their path was not so good, and made them lost,
    While my path, which at first seem'd slow and bare,
    Would later lead me to a great reward.

    So now I stand here, rich, and sleek, and fat.
    And in this world of men I have no debt,
    No illness mars my fam'lies health, nor mine,
    And all around, where e'r I look I see:
    My friends, who smile at me and welcome me,
    And thus I know this path of green is right.

    But yet, I cannot quiet that inner thought,
    Which speaks to me, in doubt, and dark of night,
    And says "Assholio! Take not the green."
    And whispers "Take the other line of red."
    Wherefor should I confine my path to green?
    For though it's led me right thus far, who knows,
    Where might the green line lead tomorrow's morn?

    Perhaps the red would more successful be?
    Perhaps this other line would guide me best,
    And make my destiny much greater still?
    For many years I've struggled with this thought:
    That I, Assholio, should follow red.

    There! Tis done! The decision's made, and now...

    [ASSHOLIO follows the red line, slips on a puddle of water,
    falls down an escalator and dies.]


This familiar and now acclimatized sight/
The constant two lines by day and night/
One bright red, the other green/
Nothing ever in between

Green I did unerringly follow/
Life was plentiful, never hollow/
But often I wondered as I lay in bed/
What might have happened, had I chosen red

A successful career, a beautiful wife/
I've taken for granted all my life/
Houses, cars and credit cards of gold/
Have followed me, since I was 12 years old 

The color of earth, of mother nature/
Has made me a man of a powerful stature/
The color of anger, I've kept away/
It seemed a game too risky to play

But now I itch, to take this chance/
Gambling my wealth and my romance/
And as I sipped a decade old whisky/
My life became a little risky

From green to red I shifted one toe/
Not realizing I was my my greatest foe/
And though it seemed okay at first/
this life decision was my worst

The red was new and most unknown/
The seeds of downfall discreetly sown/
A new path to follow, to explore/
To see what it did have in store

I walked a little and then some more/
Before I discovered, I'd married a whore/
Twas the beginning of the end/
When I found my wife with my best friend

The family I thought we'd together built/
She tore it apart, without a shred of guilt/
It destroyed me and devoured my soul/
And in its place left a gaping hole

Soon I found, I was out of cash/
My dinner was what you'd leave in the thrash/
I was then lost, and thereafter forgot/
My heart a mess, my mind distraught

But the vision I had nearly a decade back/
Showed me there still was a green track/
It took me a while, to find my way/
But I did live to fight another day

Here's one step and now here's another!/
Guides me does the color of nature's mother!/
Old friends gone, new ones I did find/
Not the fancy ones, but the loyal kind

With discipline I followed the solid green line/
And soon enough life turned out fine/
I found myself a bigger house/
shortly afterward, a better spouse

Time has passed and now I'm significantly older/
My son is taller than me, and I'm afraid also bolder/
Youth he does have, with nothing to lose/
Two lines does he see, which one will he choose?


I'm powerful man now, but I couldn't help to think it wasn't truly me who is powerful, but this blasted line. I feel like I'm living the most linear rpg, quest waypoints included. It directed my mouse to trade stocks, my car where to drive, hell it even had me crash my bike on a missing bag of money from a heist when I was 12. I'll never forget that day, there was a massive amount of life lost trying to relieve the treasury of its soon to be shredded bills. Did I feel a bit bad? Sure, but 500k buys a lot of happiness. Green got me to the top, but I was alone here. Friends get sick of your inability to fail, and women come and go, and I was sick of it all but as I took the revolver out of my mouth I realized that red line had grown almost twice the size, pulsing with my heart beat. There was at least one thing left more me to do. 
As I walked with the red line it swirled around me, my wrinkles faded, I got lighter on my feet, and my gait turned to a pedal.
"Holy shit"
It was all I could muster to say, and quite a foul line for a newfound 12 year old about to find out he sees lines on the ground. There it was, trusty green, and blood red. 
I followed the red line with fervor, dreaming of what I might find. But it was just taking me the long way around to the treasury in Richmond. 
And that's where it stopped, in front of three masked men driving a van, armed to the teeth. I reach for my cell, realizing it's the 90s and I'm 12, it was pretty fruitless... 
"How do I stop this?" 
The red line pulsed at the van, I was lance with both testicles pedaling furiously in it's direction. I felt my body crumple into it damaging the side panel, people clamoring for help, screaming for the police.
The driver didn't like that much, they sped away as I blacked out.
I woke up to the news, no heist, no dead police....
It all started with a bike crash....


**I don't write... ever... sorry If it sucks!


The door was built into the side of a cliff, but about a foot of Martian dust had accumulated in front of the step. A red square was emblazoned on the front, with the yellow image of a hammer and sickle right in the center. Years of sand-blasting storms had taken their toll, chipping away at the edges of the paint until it was jagged and faded. Only the slightest outline of the letters "CCCP" were still visible.

“Definitely Russian,” Commander Davis radioed back to the Mars habitat facility. “Soviet Era.” That had been the working theory ever since the door had been identified in one of the rover’s photos, but no one had been sure until now. The Russians had steadfastly denied that they’d made it to Mars, much less that they’d established some sort of colony. But who else could it have been? Who else had a secretive space program?

The hatch was locked, of course. “Should we knock?” Rodriguez joked. Commander Davis gave the door a hearty pound, but no one answered. Their drill, originally built to excavate soil samples, wasn’t exactly equipped to cut through solid steel. Instead, they bore holes through the red rocks around the hinges until it crumbled apart and the door came crashing down. The airlock was dark and silent. 

Davis and the crew entered the facility. The winding hallway descended deep under the mountain. They passed by room after room, full of bunk beds for sleeping and a large cafeteria with neatly stacked trays. Some of them held computers larger than the rover they’d driven over here. There was an entire floor of greenhouses, now just full of withered stalks and brown soil. 

“What do you think happened here?” Hatfield asked, shining his flashlight on a teddy bear that had been abandoned in the hallway.

Finally, the expedition found the colony's inhabitants in some sort of large gathering space, like an auditorium. The door was sealed from the outside, with no escape. Through a thick window covered in scratch marks, Commander Davis could see decaying bodies in red jump suits. Some were holding others in one last embrace. Others were apparently trying to escape through some sort of vent, with little luck. 

“Commander?” Norvolisk, the only member of the crew who could read Cyrillic, trained his flashlight beam on a sign. “This hallway leads to the General’s office, it says.” 

This door also had a lock, strong enough to be a bank vault. But it was open. There was a single body at the desk with a pistol in hand and a hole through the forehead. Also on the desk were a stack of journals, each marked with dates ranging from 1963 to 2002.

“Day 1,” Norvolisk read aloud. “The Soviet Republic of Mars is hereby established with the purpose of keeping the People’s Revolution alive even in the event of catastrophic war on Earth. Should the Americans learn of this installation, we would most certainly be a target for attack, and cannot live on the surface in plain view. Therefore, my crew of two hundred is busy hollowing out this living space…”

“Damn,” Rodriguez said. “How in the hell could they establish an off-world colony without us knowing?” 

The journal that Norvolisk was reading started listing off what supplies they’d brought with them, which (while interesting) was really not the question on everyone’s mind right now. He dropped that and picked up the most recent one, last dated March 21, 2002. 

“After 12 years since the last reply from Earth,” the final entry read, “I am forced to conclude the worst: there has been a nuclear war, and our comrades are destroyed. The replacement parts for the water recycler will never arrive. Even this failsafe colony will not be enough to keep the human race alive. Instead, we will all die of dehydration. Faced with that consequence, I had no choice but to exercise Protocol 92 and terminate the colony in a quick and relatively painless way. The gas was deployed at approximately 16:00. Their screams…” There was a tremor in Norvolisk’s voice as he read the entry. The page was spattered with small flecks of blood. “Their screams will haunt me even after I take my own life. Should humanity ever rise from the ashes and return to the red planet, know that we tried. Long live Father Lenin and the People’s Revolution.” 

-----

As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! Let's see if we can make it to 30,000 subscribers, which is a huge milestone!


You know that feeling you get, when you think you're alone, head down, bumming along doing your own thing, when you suddenly realise someone's been there the whole time, watching you? It's a jump, a kick-start, a burst of adrenaline... your whole body saying "something's not right, be on guard". You immediately begin to second guess you actions, what was I doing, how did I miss them, what are their intentions? It's a deep, primal, animalistic response to being startled. 

That's the feeling I got when I caught a glimpse of the flag the first time. 

There I am, one of 3 people on an entire planet, scouting for physical evidence of ancient river beds. We'd been here for 4 Earth days at this point, so I was used to the un-exciting terrain. Rocks and dust everywhere. Red and black and brown, endlessly in all directions. I had come around a small rocky hill, scanning this horizon, when there it was to my left, a flag-pole. 

I think I did a double-take. Half "that's a flag-pole", half "THAT'S A FLAG POLE." I stopped dead in my tracks and re-evaluated my position. I was on Mars. There were 3 of us. Nobody had ever, ever, ever been here before. None of my crew-members had been out this way. But yet... that was distinctly a flag pole. As I approached it, the wind kicked up and revealed the tattered remains of a cold war era Soviet flag... had to be at least 100 years old. My mind was still trying to wrap itself around why this was here, and my body was telling me to run. My hands felt sweaty and my breathing was heavy.  At the base of the flag was a black cube, about a foot each dimension. It had handprints set into two sides. 

My curiosity got the better of me. At this point, I really should have radioed into my team to tell them what I had found. I should have marked the location on my nav-map, and retreated, to be explored later. I shouldn't have touched the box. But I did. I placed my hands where the outlines were on each side, and as I did, my head exploded. 

It was like a shot of light stabbing me in the eyes. A searing pain gripping my entire body. Unholy screams tearing through my ears. Unable to breath, unable to move, it felt like I was being compressed into a marble and torn into a billion pieces at the same time. The event lasted for what seemed like a lifetime, and then... it just stopped. I was left with an understanding. Knowledge. Somehow, the cube had implanted a lesson in me, instantaneously. I knew why the Soviet flag was here. I knew why the Russians had never claimed any great accomplishment on Mars. I knew why the cube was here. It was a warning, a last ditch effort by humanity of old to save us from ourselves. I knew it all to be true. 

The solar system had been seeded with life by a passing comet several billion years ago. Earth, Mars, and a third planet between Mars and Jupiter, understood as "Utopia" in the transfer. Similar life forms evolved on each of the planets, but Humanity had evolved on Utopia within the last several hundred thousand years. Over time, humanity had reached the point of being able to visit the other two worlds, and had begun to establish small colonies for research. 

Over time, Mars would become more heavily populated. Earth was the sore thumb of the trio, with the least favourable environment, and was therefore left to the scientists to poke and prod at, never a plan for full colonization. Mars became a second arm of the human civilization, growing larger and attaining it's own identity. Political strife created a rift between Mars and Utopia, and eventually, war. War that would last 1,000 years. War that was so engrained into the minds of the Martians and the Utopians, that they did not know another existence. War that was taken to such extremes, that when the Utopians began the irreversible process of syphoning Mars' atmosphere, the Martians blew up Utopia. I could feel the pain of billions of lives lost, as though I was there to witness the events unfold. 

The remnants of humanity that were able to escape Mars left for Earth, and left behind the cubes as a reminder of what once was, and a warning that there were no more second chances. Earth is all there is left. 

The history books will tell you that America won the Cold War. But I now understood the truth... the Soviets had won, and they had won by silently backing down for the good of humanity. There would be no second chance, we were already living it.


"Well I'll be damned....." Captain Aldo whistled softly as his team approached the abandoned vehicle. He had seen the images from the Mars rover but did not truly believe it until now. The machine bore the symbol of Communist Russia, standing alone in defiance of a world which destroyed all life. It would seem, he would not actually go down in history as the first man on Mars.

"Kinda spooky if you ask me." Johannes muttered under her breath as she looked inside. "According to our satellite images their spacecraft was left over 60 miles to the west of here. So where the hell did the cosmonauts go? Why did they keep all this secret even years after the cold war?" It was decided that they would not alert the Russians of the fact that they had discovered their presence on Mars. Naturally, they announced to the world their mission to put a man on Mars but the Russia government never said a word. After all, a world is a big place to hide.

"That is what we are here to find out, the vehicle isn't the only thing our rover found here." Their Captain walked about 20 yards from the vehicle then began to stomp the ground. He was soon rewarded by a metal clang, a trap door covered from years of storms. The rover was not capable of opening the door, this was the real reason his team was sent.  

It took the entire team to open it, once they wiped off the dust, the found foreign markings across it's surface. The inside was dark with the exception of a single low light which let out a soft hum. Below, they found the missing cosmonauts. Unfortunately, they had all died a long time ago.

"Welcome back creators." A voice sounded in the dark. Aldo jumped and Martinez let out a shriek. 

"It has been 36 years and thirty-two days since the last creators arrived." The computer voice did not seem to take notice of their uneasiness and continued speaking. "I am pleased to report that there have been no incidents since the last report. Although there has been no further communication from the creator fleet, Project Godmaker is still running as scheduled."

There was a silence, the computer seemed to be waiting for something. Hesitantly, Aldo finally spoke in a shaky voice.

"You......were made by the Soviet's?"

"Searching..............negative. This unit was not made by the creators who last visited known as Soviet's. This unit is property of the Creator fleet special project and research division. Please provide authentication code."

Aldo looked closer now at the computer, the rest of the room was dark but the computer gave enough light to see everything else. It had multiple screens, all running the current events of what was happening back on earth. Some of which were news but others were views from cameras that merely showed street corners and mundane activities.

"Please provide authentication code." The computer stated once again. There wasn't any change in the way the computer sounded but Aldo almost imagined he heard a slightly impatient tone.

"What are you-" Aldo was cut off as the trap door swung closed, red lights began to blink and a siren wailed. Johannes ran to the door and tried to open. "It's sealed captain!" She shouted with heavy breaths as she pounded against it.

"ERROR." The computer responded in a booming voice. "ERROR, authentication not provided. According to protocol 67 of Project Godmaker, test subjects must not become aware of outside presence. All systems will go offline until intruder presence has been eliminated. Filing second report with Creator Fleet for cleanup."

Then it went dark.

Edit: Referring to modern Russia as Soviet's


The strata of rocks rose above Luke's head. Red and copper, with silver glinting through the dust. His own breathing was the only thing he could hear, the burst of static from the radio dimming into the distance as he looked at the flag. A wire ran through it, keeping it upright. Due to the exposure, it had been bleached almost white, but it was still unmistakeable. The pale shape of a hammer and sickle on a background that had once been bright red. 



Luke moistened his lips and reached out to touch it. A Soviet flag, and he was too young to have seen the Space Race of the 60s, but this would have been shouted from the mountains. Where were the bases? Even in the dying days of the Cold War it had never been mentioned. Luke scanned the landscape, wondering if he would see some clues as to why the flag stood there, but there was nothing. The sand lay in settled ridges around it. Dust, as far as Luke could see. 



*This shouldn't be here.* 




In the box he carried, the rocks were beginning to weigh him down. Samples, for the small team in the Rover. Him, Tori the All-American girl, and Parker, the foul-mouthed Australian who was bitter about working with Americans. Already he was past the time he'd expected to be out for. Massive over-provision of supplies allowed for delays, but he couldn't stay out here indefinitely. 



"Base," Luke spoke quickly and quietly into the Snoopy Cap. "This is Greenman, I've come across something weird. Taking photos now." 



He raised the camera and pressed the button, allowing a stream of images to be taken and sent instantly back to the Rover. He imagined Parker swearing under his breath at having to come and join Tori at the screens, checking the display, the flag stood square against the drab landscape. His throat was surprisingly dry. Luke coughed. Spit wouldn't form in his mouth. 



In his ear, Tori replied. Her voice had a twinge in it that Luke didn't recognise. The usually chirpy voice was gone: underlaid was a current of fear. 



"Greenman, this is Woods," she started. "Is something affecting your connection? We're only hearing gibberish." 



"This is Greenman, what do you mean, gibberish?" 



"You're not making any sense," Tori's voice rose to a crescendo. "Are you okay? The photos--" 



She'd abandoned protocol. Luke frowned. His lips were chapped. When he moved, the dryness split and blood began to run over his chin. He extended his tongue, but the droplet ran faster and he could no longer reach it. 



"Damnit," he growled. With gloves and the cask, he'd have to wait until he returned to clean his face. The flag stood resolutely still. In his ear, white noise whispered. He sniffed, feeling blood begin to leak out of one nostril. Frustrated, Luke turned and headed for the Rover, still feeling some elation at bounding across the rocky ground. Day on Mars, the sky was a pale blue, greyer than on Earth. The blood from his nose became a torrent, leaking and dripping over his lips. He could taste the iron of it, and tears leaked from his eyes. 




The Rover stood stoically flat over the next series of mounds. Orange dust swept up to it, covering every inch of its bulky frame. The thick windows glinted silver. 



"This is Greenman," he said as he approached. The rocks seemed to be becoming heavier. Pressing him into the ground. Luke ran a hand under the strap of the box. It was then he noticed the blood on his hands as well, leaking through the gloves. It stemmed from around his fingernails, though he felt no pain. 



There was no answer from the Rover. 



"This is Greenman," he said again. 



"We can't open," Tori's frightened voice came back. "We see you outside Luke, we can't let you in." 


Something broke and fell in Luke's mouth. He spat it out; a rush of blood and saliva. A tooth sat against the screen of his cask, down to the root. Some of the gum had come out, too, and it glistened in front of him. Terror twisted within him. 



"They're in the air, Luke," Tori said again. "They're in the air, we can see them in the photos, and now they're inside you." 


The liquid that trickled from his eyes wasn't tears. Luke's heart began to pound, fear eating in his belly. 



"Look at the photos," Tori said. "Oh god, look at the photos." 



--------


/r/Schoolgirlerror for more stories, though this is one of my first attempts at science fiction.


"This..this can't be what I think it is, can it?"

Jenkins voice was breathy and a little scared through my comm. There was also a low buzzing noise, probably some kind of static. I looked down at the three bodies and the red and yellow flag on the cave floor.

"I don't know what else it could be." I responded. 

The Soviet flag was small, only about a foot across and half a foot high. Payload used to be expensive, back in the bad old days, so I wasn't surprised. The bodies though...

They weren't wearing any clothing, but scraps of what looked like old suits clung to their flesh. They were not in good shape. There were massive growths over most of their skin and something else...

"They look like they are all connected to each other. Like there is some kind of, I don't know, umbilical cord connecting each one to the other." Jenkins said. "Carmichael, we have to find a way to report this." 

The buzzing was a little louder now.

Our Earth-range radio had stopped working shortly after we had established the small forward base. We couldn't find anything technically wrong with the equipment, but Jenkins had managed to trace some kind of signal coming from this cave. We had come out here to investigate, not knowing what we were going to find. 

The cave was shallow and we didn't see any technology.

"Can you sweep for the signal? Try to find where it's coming from? I don't see any machines. And what the hell is that noise?"

This buzzing was starting to become irritating.

Jenkins held up his small receiver and swung his arm slowly from one rocky wall to the other. Then he hesitated. I could see, even through the tinted facemask, that something was wrong.

"What?" I asked.

"Hold on. This...oh shit." He said, bringing the receiver to rest in front of the Russian cosmonauts bodies.

I swallowed. "It's coming from them, isn't it?"

I don't know what Jenkins said in response, because suddenly the buzz became much louder. It was all I could hear. I cut the speaker in my helmet. It didn't matter, I still heard it.

Suddenly, Jenkins doubled over, and a long line of the red Martian dust that covered the floor exploded upwards between the nearest cosmonaut and him. His suit split open in a line from his boot to above his knee. A pulsing tendril of flesh, exactly like the ones that connected the Russians to each other, now connected him to them. 

I tried to back out, but my right foot wouldn't move. Something was connecting it to the ground. Guess what that was. The buzzing ceased to be a drone, and became the language we're using to talk to you now.

That's how we came to be where you found us. That's how the ones who come to find you will be. We were expecting more after the first three, but according to Carmichael's memories, they must have lacked the funds to follow up on their first mission. We only need a few more now for critical mass. Then, we will bring Unity to your world, as we brought it to this one.

Stop struggling. It will soon cease to hurt. Pain is a burden we will reject together. Until then, we will all be quiet, and wait.


We'd seen it in the distance, an anomaly on an already alien planet. Thought it some kind of mirage, since the reality just didn't make sense. I volunteered to go check it out, though we all knew what it was - and when I'd just confirmed it.

A Soviet flag.

Why hadn't they told us? I'd heard rumour of a Soviet mission, decades back, but we'd written it off as Cold War propaganda. If they'd actually managed to get to Mars, even if they didn't get them back - that would be humanity's greatest accomplishment. 

*Why hadn't they told us?*

What could it mean? Had the Russkies simply lost contact and assumed the worst? That didn't make any sense, since if they landed intact enough to erect the flag, they must have been in communication with them back home...

Something was wrong. I needed to get back.

I tried to make contact with the boys back at the ship, but there was no reply. Figured I was out of range, but that didn't make sense. Brushed it aside; nerves were getting the better of me, and there was no use worrying about something I couldn't change.

Saw my team in the distance. It was immensely comforting; you've never known isolation till you're alone on a new planet. I quickened my pace.

Still radio silence. I just wanted to get back to the ship.

Nearing them now. They seem to be coated in sand - had there been some kind of storm? How long had I been gone for? They didn't seem to be moving, either. Just standing there. Why were they just standing there?

Still no response. Why aren't they coming out to meet me? Why are they just *standing* there?

I can see their suits properly now. Coated in sand. Weatherworn. And why... why do they look like they're a different colour underneath? Are those- are those *Soviet* suits? *Why are they just standing there?*

Wait. That's not- that's not my-

*They've seen me.*

**Oh Christ, they've seen me.**


When I was told my team would be the first to land on Mars, excitement welled within me. 'Pioneers', they called us; and really, how many people can call themselves pioneers? It's exciting. It's scary. It's... unlike anything else.


And yet, as I stood and looked across an expanse of nothing but reddish brown sand and dust, I felt absolutely nothing but disappointment. The voyage was hell, and I'd spent *so long* looking forward to landing that the reality of Mars just couldn't live up to what I'd been expecting. The first three days were mind-numbingly boring and dreary.


The fourth day changed everything.


"What... the *hell* is that?" I asked through the comm system, pointing at a torn-up tent in the distance. "Did one of you assholes set that up to screw with me?"


"I wish I were that creative, believe me," Stan responded, staring alongside me. "But that... that's not us. There's a flag, Mike. I can't make it out from here."


The two of us, along with Victor Foreman, our engineer, pressed forward with caution. As we approached, the flag became increasingly visible: plain red, with a yellow hammer and sickle. It was tattered and coated in dust.


"Okay, this is bullshit. O'Neill, are you fucking with us? I remember seeing this flag in history class."


A response came over the radio. "This is a bit too... complex for my sense of humor. I'm a simple man, Mike. I don't recognize the flag, what is it?"


"Come on, man. Sleep through class?"


"Sorry, I was busy learning how to pilot for NASA. This isn't funny, Mike. If you've seriously found something, we have to treat this situation with urgency and caution."


I sighed into the mic. "Soviet Russia. The one we got into the Cold War with, way back when."


"I'm going to contact HQ. Proceed as if there could be people in that base."


"Oh, come on, Cap-"


"I know we get cozy, but right now, we're not friends."


I choked back my pride. "Understood. Stay by the feeds, we're heading in. I'm telling you, though, there's no one here anymore. Everything's... just- it's destroyed. Ripped to shreds."


I stepped forward, pushing aside a fold of fabric from the tent wall. Immediately, I recoiled, sucking my breath in. Right there, on a cafeteria bench, was a man- his skin pale, spotted with black and brown, but nearly perfectly mummified overall. He looked like he'd died just a week prior.


"Holy shit." Victor threw up in his suit, then tried to paw at his slimy helmet.


"Cap, I don't think this is a joke. You see this, right?"


"Already contacting Houston. Someone's going to have to reach out and see if there's something we don't know about. Does he look injured?"


I kept myself at a distance, scanning his body with my eyes. There were still packets of food on a nearby counter. "No. Honestly, it looks like he just suffocated. He didn't starve, and there's no blood or any kind of wound."


There was a large, clunky device on the table in front of the body. I reached out and grabbed it, keeping my eyes off the corpse.


"I think it's a recording device." There were batteries in it, still looking fresh. Oxygen's a real asshole when it comes to preservation. 


I flipped a window out on the lefthand side, and turned it on. After rewinding for several seconds, a man appeared on screen- I immediately recognized him. I slipped my suit's 3.5mm jack into the recording device once it finished rewinding.


"Hello," he said with a thick, Russian accent. "I have made many videos in Russian, but I have a feeling it won't matter. This last one will be in English.


"Russia has abandoned me. I was sent here as an experiment for the government, to see if we could set up a base, maybe build in secrecy. The journey was too harsh, and the travel time too long. I burned more fuel than we thought, and now I am stuck here. They told me that nobody will be coming to save me. 


The man's breath grew shaky, and he wiped at his eyes.


"I asked to speak with my family. They said no. They said nobody will ever know of my time here. My death will be faked in an accident upon re-entry of Earth's atmosphere. Parachute failure. I have spent two months here now, and oxygen is almost gone. Food is still here, but that does not matter. I will die alone, and nobody will ever know. I die for nothing.


"I do not expect to be saved. Maybe nobody finds this. I don't know why I film. If you do, please tell my daughter I love her. Maybe my wife if she's still alive. I only wish I could tell them myself. I end things now. May you find your way home."


I pushed the screen in and sat down.


*Pioneer: A word we invented to make ourselves feel better about being guinea pigs.*

------

*thanks for reading! you can find more at /r/resonatingfury!*


"Neil Armstrong once said 'That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.' I'm not one to argue with him. However, if landing on the moon was a leap, my stepping here on Mars would be like a plane ride."

Mayers laughed. "Don't knock on what Neil Armstrong did. It was important, and is what brought us here."

"I'm not knocking on what he did, just making an observation. We probably should check in with Houston."

"Yeah, we probably should."

"Houston, we have touched down. Mars is something completely different. Amazing. Beautiful I'd even wager. Over."

"That's great news Murray. We're glad to hear you landed safe. What do you see? Over."

"The red sea." I broke out into a laugh at my poor attempt at a joke. When I finally stopped laughing, I was able to choke out "Over."

"I think your laugh at that shitty joke was much better. Any signs of life? Over."

"Not yet. We still have to explore some though. According to HAL, we should be able to explore for about 3 hours before we need to return to the ship, over."

"Keep us updated. Out."

I looked around and all I could see was red. Everywhere. I look at Mayers, "Which way?"

"Forward."

"Let's begin."

We walk forward. The new suits NASA designed for us make it seem like we are still walking on Earth. It's an amazing advancement, and makes this exploration so much better. "Wait, there's something we need to do."

"What?"

I head back to the ship and grab the American flag. "We can't forget this baby." I stab it down into the ground. "'Murica."

I catch up to where Mayers is standing and we continue on. "I think it would make sense to get on top of one of those hills. We will be able to see more."

"Sounds good."

We slightly change course to a nearby hill. The hike up it didn't provide much trouble, but I still needed to catch my breath a little bit after it. We look around and see something in the distance. "What the hell is that? It's definitely not a hill."

"I'm not quite sure. Radio it in."

"Erm... Houston, we see something. It's relatively skinny, definitely not a hill and from the distance looks like it isn't natural. What should we do, over?"

"Wait for instructions, Murray. We'll be back in a moment, over."

Mayers and myself sit down on the hill staring at it. It's just a black shade in the distance. "HAL, how much more time do we have?"

"1 hour 13 minutes 22 seconds remaining."

"Thanks HAL."

Mayers and I look at each other. "Think we can make it today?"

"If Houston gets back to us." 

We sit for a few more minutes and then hear some static. "Murray, Mayers, this is James with Houston. We would like you to approach the object. Be careful, and be ready to hightail it out of there. Out."

Mayers and I stand up, and begin the journey to the object. As we get closer, we both stop in amazement. "Houston, there is a problem. Over."

"Yes? Over."

"It seems like someone beat us here. It's a Soviet flag, over."

"I'm sorry, can you repeat that, over?"

"It's an old Soviet flag here. Over."

"Return to the ship, and we'll give more instructions soon. Out."

I look at Mayers, "Head back now, or explore around here a little bit."

"Let's explore a bit."

We walk around the flag looking for any other signs of their time here. Suddenly, my foot hits something and I fall over to the ground. After I regain my composure, I turn around to see what I tripped over.

"Uhh... Mayers, get over here."

In a few minutes, Mayers is at my side and we both stare down in amazement. The body of an old Soviet astronaut lies in front of us. I bend down and wipe the dust off of the glass cover, but then I recoil in horror.

"What the fuck is wrong with him!?"

Mayers bends down and examines him closer.

"Houston, come in now, over."

"What is the issue, Mayers? Over."

"We decided to explore the area a bit more. We found something else. Over."

"What is it, over."

"It's the body of one of the Soviet astronauts. Somethings terribly wrong with him. His eyes are black as the night, and it looks like all of his veins turned black as well. Over."

"Get out of there, guys. Now. Over."

"You don't have to tell us twice, out."

Mayers and I start heading back to the ship.

"Help..." we hear meekly.

We both stop dead in our tracks, and whirl around. "What the fuck?!"

The astronaut has sat up and is staring right at us. "Help..." he says again.

"How the fuck?" I say in shock, "It's time to leave." I turn around but I see Mayers hasn't yet. "Mayers! Let's move. This isn't right. He shouldn't be alive. He can't be."

Mayers turns to look at me and the first thing I notice is his eyes. They're black. I look over at the old Soviet astronaut and he is back on the ground, dead. Oh fuck no. I start to back up slowly.

"Mayers... what's wrong."

"Nothing, Murray. Why would you think something is wrong."

"Erm... your eyes aren't exactly.. normal."

Mayers starts walking a bit faster towards me. "Nothings wrong with my eyes. I see just fine." 

I hightail it back to the ship, or I try to. Before I know it, Mayers has thrown me to the ground. "Where are you going, Murray."

"I need to get back to the ship. Inform Houston of what we've found."

"That's okay, I'll do it."

Suddenly, I see Mayers fist coming down at me, but I can't cover my mask before it hits it. The glass helmet shatters, and instantly I can't breath. "Mayers... why..." I choke out.

"Houston, we have a problem. We need an evac immediately. Murray's helmet has shattered. We're heading back to the ship. Over."

"Evac is on it's way. Out."

Mayers bends down to me, but I barely recognize it's him because everything is getting so dark. I see him grinning wide, and then barely hear "Thanks."

----------------------------------------------------------

Thanks to /u/The_White_Light for explaining they don't actually say "Over and Out," just "Out."


Colonel Anderson kneeled down in front of a broken pole and wiped away some orange dust off the ground, revealing a tattered piece of crimson cloth stuck under a rock. Dragging it out of its resting place, the Colonel tore it in half, showing the two men behind him a symbol of a gold hammer and sickle beneath a gold-bordered red star. 

"It can't be..." said Lieutenant Colonel Haynes. "Colonel, that's a soviet flag. A union of communist nations that dissolved nearly two hundred years ago."

Colonel Anderson sighed and tried to stroke his gray beard, but remembered he was wearing a spacesuit. He then shook his head saying:

"I don't like this, Haynes. We're supposed to be the first humans here. What's a relic like this doing in Mars?"

"Aliens?" said Lieutenant Colonel Wilfery. "Did they get killed off by aliens?!?"

Haynes rolled his eyes and said:

"There's no such thing as aliens, you dunce. Well, at least not on Mars. They probably had an accident and couldn't return back home."

"Maybe they were unable to contact Earth" said Colonel Anderson. "These... 'soviets' assumed the mission was a failure and never reported on it out of shame, or something like that. Regardless, that distress beacon is still pinging. We need to find its source before we do anything else." He scoffed with a sly grin. "Maybe one of them is still alive."

-------------------------------------

The three astronauts hiked a tall mountain they encountered on their way to the beacon. Gusts of wind suddenly caressed the men, causing them to be buffeted by specks of red sand. Ignoring the harsh exterior conditions inside the comfort of his spacesuit, Lieutenant Colonel Wilfery said:

"So why are you so sure there aren't any aliens here?"

"Because of the rover Curiosity!" replied Haynes, through a bit of static interference in their radio. "About a hundred and fifty years ago it explored the martian surface and didn't find anything."

"A stoner's curiosity?" said Wilfery. "What's weed got to do with this? Did they really send an undergraduate student ahead of us?"

The gales rapidly increased in strength and ferocity the closer they got to the peak. Enveloping them in what seemed like crimson mist, the dust clouds got denser, to the point of almost being tangible, and obscured anything five meters ahead of them. Slamming his palm into his helmet, Haynes then said:

"Rover! R-O-V-E-R. It was a reconnaissance robot sent to study Mars' geology. It didn't find any life after decades of searching, so yeah, I'm pretty confident there aren't any aliens here!"

"Would you two just shut up and focus on the situation at hand?!?" shouted Colonel Anderson, barely visible in front of them. "We're in the middle of a sandstorm here! One wrong step and we break our necks on this mountain!"

Just as he finished speaking, Colonel Anderson grabbed a loose rock and fell backwards. He screamed for his life while airborne, his horror subsiding once his men caught him by the arm. Wilfery grinned and said:

"Teaching by example, I see! A testament to your great leadership skills, colonel!"

Colonel Anderson narrowed his eyes and grunted at Wilfery, looking downwards in shame once his subordinates weren't looking. 

 -----------------------------------------------------

Once they got to the peak, the sandstorm had already subsided, making the descent a lot easier than the climb. The distress signal was beeping stronger the more they walked through the empty plains, giving Wilfery an uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. Marching behind the others didn't help his uneasiness. His back was exposed to whatever could be behind them and everything was too quiet, too still for his liking. The flat landscape they traversed looked more like a desert drenched in dried blood than an alien planet. Even the ground beneath his feet felt *wrong*. It was probably the difference in gravity to Earth's, but he still couldn't ignore the thought that everything reacted differently here. 

Looking over his shoulder, Wilfery widened his eyes with fear. The soil turned pitch black and flowed in bumps towards them, rising and falling like streaks of ink in a hostile sea of red dust. Wilfery immediately ran to his companions screaming:

"The soil guys! The ground's out to get us!"

Haynes turned around with tense shoulders, but quickly relaxed his body. He then shook his head, sighed, and said:

"No it isn't. The ground isn't sentient Wilfery, it's just subterranean water rising from the ground."

"Subterranean water?"

"Yeah," replied Haynes. "they're called 'Recurring Slope Lineae'. It's summer here, and highly saline water tends to flow this way during this time of the year."

Colonel Anderson laughed loudly and walked up to the darkened sand. He then touched its damp texture and said:

"I can't believe you're a Lieutenant, Wilfery. Really? Wet sand? What's next? An abandoned soviet station filled with zombi-"

The sand sprung from the ground and pierced Anderson's suit through his arm. He quickly jumped away from it, but it was already too late. The dust flowed into his spacesuit, filling it up until inflating it slightly and freezing him there with its added weight. Anderson's ear piercing screams were then muffled by the sand, who choked the life out of him by forcing itself down his throat. 

Wilfery and Haynes gaped in terror, seeing Anderson's eyes pop out and being followed by a viscous fluid that fell from his sockets like crude oil. They turned around, trying to run away, but their knees weakened and tripped them over. The sand inched its way to their helmets, twisting itself around their calves and anchoring them to the ground. Clawing at the floor with their hands, they dragged themselves away from the black tendrils for a few feet, before being forcefully drawn into the darkness again.

The two men then faced each other and nodded, silently resigning themselves to their end. Once the black sand reached their necks, it covered them like a blanket and stopped crushing them with its pressure. Footsteps suddenly crunched nearby, coming from Anderson's body who stood in front of them. In a coarse and headache inducing voice his body said:

"Get out of our planet, humans. It belongs to *us*!"

"W-we come in peace" said Wilfery. "Yes, its *your* planet. We have no intention from taking it from you."

"Really?!?" shouted the voice. "That's exactly what the others said, but once we tapped into their memories, we saw they had other plans instead." The limp body raised its arms. "Colonization! On *our* planet. They thought they claimed it by sticking a pole in the ground!"

"They didn't know you lived here!" said Haynes. "*We* didn't know you lived here! Please, surely seeing humans must've been surprising to you too!"

"Yes..." The voice trailed off, pausing for a few seconds. "We didn't know much of you lifeforms when they first came, so we possessed all of them, thinking you were a hive-mind like us. We knew more of you would come, so we used their trinkets to call you to our location. This time, we're leaving some of you alive to send a message. Never come back to Mars again. Stay off our planet and don't you *dare* claim it as yours."
  



----------------------------------------------------------

>If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!


"Jackson, do you copy?  I repeat do you copy?"

"Yeah, yeah, I'm here, keep your panties on, Tex."  Commander Tripp Jackson said as he fiddled with the radio controls on his wrist computer. "What do you want?"

"I'm getting some strange readings coming from the northeast.  Possibly from that crater up over that ridge, ya' might want to steer clear."

Jackson scoffed, "Tex, this is an exploration mission, checking out weird readings is kind of what we're here for."  He looked to the rest of his crew behind him.  Lieutenant Rickles, his science officer, was crouched beside her sample digger ever engrossed in its readouts, while Lieutenant Kraskov stood beside her.  Kraskov, even though he was wearing a spacesuit and was the sixth man on Mars, still somehow managed to look bored.

Jackson shuffled towards them, the gravity on mars still took some getting used to, his feet kicking up plumes of orange-red dust.  He keyed his local mics.  "Hey guys, Mickelson is chewing my ear off about some strange readings just over that ridge," He said while pointing, "I say we go check 'em out."

Rickles glanced down at her wrist and then back to the readout on the digging machine, which rumbled and spat out dust as its auger bored into the Martian crust.  "Just about done here Commander.  Our itinerary is clear for the next 45 minutes; Mission Control likes to give us some time to 'enjoy the sights.'"

Jackson chuckled lightly to himself, that woman was only concerened with her experiments.  He himself was interested in the concentration of things like nitrogen in the soil, or how the Martian gravity effected certain things, but she was obsessed.  It was her job though, and she did it well.

"About time," Kraskov grunted, as he shuffled away from Rickles' experiment and towards the ridge, "Too much science, not enough exploring."

Jackson waited as Rickles' finished tapping away on the digger's output screen.  She confirmed that the information had transferred to her wrist computer and stood.  Stretching out her legs she glanced over at Jackson.  He gestured towards the ridge, where Kraskov had already started lumbering up, and they both began their way towards it.

  "What kind of readings?"  Rickles asked.

"Mickleson didn't-" Jackson began before being interrupted.

"I'm gettin' strange readings on a lot of my intstruments.  From spikes of power on nearby sensors, centering on that area, to bursts of gravity change." Mickelson said in his southern drawl.

"You're saying there's some kind of electrical discharge over there?"  Kraskov asked, his speech slightly labored from the climb up the ridge.

"Nah, nah," Mickelson replied, "When a bunch of my readings start goin' haywire, it just means somethin's causing interference.  Could be a large deposit of magnetite, could be a Martian with a ray gun, ya' just never know."

Jackson watched as Rickles' shook her head as they came upon the slope of the crater.  It wasn't exactly difficult to move or climb in the Martian gravity, hell, they had hundreds of hours in training with dealing with the lessened gravity, but the real thing was different.  They both began their slow ascent, following in the tracks of Kraskov, who had disturbed the soil ahead of them.

The radio squelched to life, "Uh, Commander?" Kraskov's voice emanated from the speakers in Jackson's helmet.

"Go ahead," Jackson said.

"There's definitely something strange in here."

"Be there in a second."

Rickles and Jackson trudged their way up, to where Kraskov stood at the top of the ridge, looking down and into the crater.  The view was magnificent.  The crater was decently sized, but not big enough to where it just became part of the landscape.  Jackson could see the ridge of the crater curve away in front of him, contrasting with the hazy orange of the horizon before sloping down into the classic bowl shape.  

Down in the middle of the bowl, Jackson expected to see rocks.  This wasn't the first crater they had explored, as Mars was littered with meteor strikes.  They hadn't expected this one to be here though, as he had memorized the general layout of their work area, and this one wasn't on the map.

There was something metallic glinting in the sun in the center of the crater, they were still too far away to make out many details but Jackson could make out sharp angles on the metallic object.  Jackson shrugged as he looked between his two companions.  "Welp, not going to see anything from up here.  Let's get going."

 They started down the slope, Jackson leading the way, Kraskov and Rickles following in his footsteps, sending billows of loose dust down around his ankles and down the slope.

"What's going...  Comman... ackson." The radio coughed through the speakers.

"Tex, I'm losing you.  There's something down in the crater and we're checking it out." Jackson replied.

"Read... interfer.." the radio crackled and then became silent again.

"Too much interference," Kraskov said, "the radio shouldn't be this weak, even heading down into the crater.  We're out of line of sight of the antenna, but it should be strong enough to overcome that."

Jackson grunted as he scrambled over a large boulder and the slope of the crater eased away.  They were closer to the object now and could make out details.  It was roughly egg shaped, but only constructed in sharp angles.  It was made out of some kind of grey metal, which shone brightly in the sun. As they approached it loomed up and over them.

"Its got to be at least fifteen feet tall." Kraskov said, "damn, how did the overhead satellites not pick this up?"

They approached slowly and Kraskov slowly circled around the large object.  
"Nothing on the other side," He said as he came back into view, "same angles, no hatch, console or anything."

Rickles had her arm lifted as she recorded the object with the wrist mounted computer. "I've never seen anything like this," she said, "and I'm not getting any readings.  Whatever caused the abnormalities earlier definitely isn't showing up on my sensors.

Jackson took a few steps closer to the object and reached out his gloved hand.

"Commander, are you sure that's safe?" Rickles asked apprehension in her voice.

"We're on a planet 54 million kilometers from home Rickles, not much out here is safe." He replied.   

He squeezed his gloved hand closed and open a few times before brushing his fingers against the sharp angled metal.


Nothing happened.  

"Huh, well that was a disapp-" Kraskov started, before the entire structure rotated half an inch, showering them with loose dust that had collected on it.

Jackson hopped back and stumbled his way backwards away from the object.  It slowly rotated another couple inches before coming to a rest.

"Whoa," Jackson said, "I think I woke it up."

It stood quiet for a few moments before each of its sharp angles turned into creases.  Gaps formed in the angles and widened.  Chunks of metal began falling off the object, starting from the top of the egg shape, clattering their way down and landing in clouds of orange dust.  Soon the chunks became larger until massive sections of the egg had fallen away, and the object was no more, only debris spread out before them.

In the middle of the debris field was a round metal platform, sunk a few inches into the Martian soil.  Centered exactly in the center of the platform was another large metal egg, at least ten feet tall, but this time it was perfectly smooth, balanced perfectly on its base.

"What is that?" Rickles said breathlessly.

Jackson took a few steps closer, weaving his way through the debris of sharp metal and peered at the egg.   It had a mirror finish, the same grey metal as the previous egg, but this time there was engraving along one section of the egg.

Kraskov stepped up beside Jackson and placed a hand on the shoulder of his space suit, and peered closer at the engraving.

"That..." He started, gripping Jackson's shoulder tighter, "That's Russian."

Jackson could now make out the Russian lettering, above which was an engraving of the old USSR hammer and sickle insignia.

"What in the world is Russian tech doing on Mars?" Kraskov asked, glancing at Jackson.

Jackson could only shake his head, "They've only sent orbiters, hell, even China has only sent one rover and that's on the other side of the planet." He paused for a second before continuing.  "Crash, can you read it?"

Kraskov sighed and turned his attention back to the engraving, "I haven't spoke or read Russian since I was a kid, but I'll give it a shot."

He leaned in closer and brought up a finger, bouncing it along in the air as he combed over the engraving.  Jackson could see his mouth forming silent words through the glass of his visor as he made his way through the script.  Finally he lowered his hand and turned slowly to Jackson.

"Well," he said, "you're not going to like this..."


*sorry for my poor English, and I wasn't paying enough attention when I read the prompt so I used rover instead of men*


"Okay, that'd better be good." I get out of the bed, cursing, and turn the TV on just in time.

"And so," says the President, "I will let the NASA Administrator speak".

Well, half of the nation doesn't like the President anyway, so whoever speaks instead it's good news. The TV shows a weary man in his sixties. "As you may already know," he says, "we have been withholding images from our Curiosity rover mission for some time. Some of you may believe that we have been doing it for years, but that's wrong. We have been doing it for sixteen days. But now we are sure that there is no mistake and that it's pointless to conceal our discovery."

I sip the remains of the cold tea I had left on my table before going to bed early, wondering if I'm still dreaming. If it was real, I should already be hearing screams of joy of numerous conspiracy theorists, dancing and throwing their foil hats into the air.

"Sixteen days ago we found an artificial object on Mars. It is very unlikely to have been delivered by any unmanned mission we are aware about. There are no known landing sites in its vicinity. We can't identify any tracks around it, but there might be something under the dust that we can find after careful examination. Perhaps we will have to send another rover equipped specifically for this mission now that we know what to look for."

"Anyway, we have found an artifact, it took us sixteen days to get to it and inspect it. We have no doubt that it is a Soviet flag."

The old TV shows a series of photos of a flag hanging on a pole. On the progression of photos it looks twitchy.

"The Martian wind isn't usually strong enough to make it wave, but what can be seen in the upper left corner of it is definitely sickle and hammer. We don't know of any mission that was capable of delivering it. The Soviet rovers from missions Mars-2 and Mars-3 couldn't carry it for sure, and Mars-4NM and Mars-5NM were canceled due to lack of a sufficiently powerful heavy carrier rocket."

"Curiosity is equipped with the ChemCam instrument, which allows to vaporise a cubic millimeter of matter with a laser burst and inspect its composition via spectrography. Unfortunately we can't examine the flag itself as it is too high, all that's available is the pole."

"And so we did it. We analyzed the pole. It is very likely to be something like wood, something that was alive once." He draws a deep breath. "And it definitely isn't from Earth."


Sarah crested the red ridge and her heart burst. She had almost literally moved mountains to be here. And now the rocks, sand and dust she had memorized for years lay before her. Her view from the southern slope of Olympus Mons stretched for kilometers--though that seemed too small a unit to measure what she could see. It felt like she could see for light years. She could feel the stretch of time and space across this ancient landscape. She could feel it stretch across her own landscape, tracing her journey from the wheat fields of Washington, where she learned her love of the stars, through the naval academy and, eventually, here on the fourth rock from the sun.

She felt she could see everything, but soon only one thing dominated her vision: something that looked like--but could not possibly be--a metal pole with a red and yellow flag drooping to its side.

Sarah called out, "Jordan, I'm climbing down a klick to a crater that may have some exposed metal." "Sure thing, Skip."

The object that could not have been a flagpole was nestled into a crater, and looked like it would be in the shadows almost the entire day.  Sarah had only caught a small glint from the top few millimeters of the pole that was in the light, but it was enough.

As she climbed down, she thought about all the factors that had brought her so far: the dissolution of NASA and the privatization of the American space program, the food shortages in Asia that had destabilized a third of the world's population, and the wild hope that low-grav farming on Mars would someday solve the problems on Earth.  While she was not on Mars to prospect for metals, the Mars First Consortium would not say no to anything useful.  And so she descended under the guise that she was prospecting.  She knew the truth though--whatever she was chasing was far above and beyond her pay grade.

She reached the crater and found what she would have called a path to the floor of the crater, except there weren't any paths on Mars.  She reached the floor of the crater, and all her instruments went dark.  Her rebreather was working fine, it could handle a power outage, but coms, lights, and navigation were all off.  She tried to reboot her suit, to no avail.  Things were weird enough, so she decided to press on the 50 meters to the "flagpole" anyway.

Sarah had walked over all kinds of Martian dust, or sand or gravel, but she hadn't seen anything like the bottom of the crater.  It was oddly smooth, as if it had been sanded down and polished, with a thin layer of dust to coat it and a few rocks and boulders strewn around for show.  She couldn't shake the feeling that she should be anywhere but in that crater, out of the sunlight, with no communications.  She was not exactly afraid, she just had that old familiar feeling that what she was about to do was intensely stupid and yet inevitable she would do it.  It was like when she ate a whole ghost pepper on Charlie's dare on her honeymoon.  A terrible decision, but one she had to make anyway.  Come to think of it, Charlie himself was one of those terrible decisions.

She reached the flagpole.  There was no denying it any longer.  It was about five feet high, perfectly cylindrical in shape, and of course there was no mistaking the hammer and sickle flag that indicated the Soviets (or someone pretending to be them) had marked their time in this crater.

Another stupid decision: she touched the pole.  A jolt ran through her finger, up her arm and through her body.  That wasn't supposed to be possible with the padding in her glove, but she found herself splayed on the ground shaking anyway.  Actually, she wasn't shaking, the ground was.  She tried to get to her feet as a thicker darkness rose around her and swallowed the skies above her, but it was no use.  She was being lowered underground.  All she could do was wait it out.

Sarah sat, and waited, well away from the flagpole (she wasn't making that mistake again).  She may have dozed off, it felt like she was descending for hours, or it might have been a couple of minutes.

Finally, her platform reached its destination.  A door opened into a spartan metallic corridor with blinding incandescent lights.  Sarah took a moment to adjust her eyes and began to explore the corridor.  She was familiar enough with Russian design from her days training for the ISS that she could see many of the same influences.  There was something to the platform, the shape and color of the metal, the design (or lack thereof) of the panels making up the corridor, that gave her a nostalgic feeling of training for a Soyuz mission.

She reached a door to another room.  It was ajar.  She pushed it open and gasped.  On a series of ancient monitors, yet in surprisingly high definition, she watched as pivotal moments of her life played out: her first kiss, her graduation, the moment she knew she had to divorce Charlie to achieve her dreams...  The room looked and felt old.  The monitors had even older terminals with keyboards set in Russian, though a few looked newer and seemed to have standard Qwerty keyboards in English.  The chairs were steel and looked exceedingly uncomfortable, but looked as if they were polished yesterday.  Sarah's eyes were drawn back to the monitors, where the center screen flashed a message in English.

"Hello Sarah, we have been waiting for you..."

"Hello? Who is there?" Sarah said, once in English and once in Russian.

A new message flashed onto the screen, "We are."

"Who is 'we'?"

"Come and see for yourself..."  A small, unassuming door towards the rear of the room opened with a click and a hiss.  Sarah felt compelled to step through.  She still hadn't shaken the feeling that she should just run away and hide, but her curiosity was overwhelming.

She entered the back room, her stomach dropping out when she saw what it contained.  Three grotesque Russian men stood before her.  They each had ugly steel and metals protruding from their bodies at odd angles in odd places, with plastic tubing ferrying liquids throughout their bodies.  Their military uniforms were tattered.  It seemed their backs were impossibly straight.  Each man's eyes had been replaced by small metallic balls that twirled constantly.  Their mouths were wired shut, and they had antennas sticking out of their skulls.  It looked as if they had an intake port shunted into their necks.  They were expressionless and, strangely enough, held hands with each other.  And the man in the center had a screen affixed to his chest.

Another message: "We are the Sputnik.  We want to go home."  Sarah's heart ached for the men these once were.  "The process for conversion was imperfect for these bodies, but we have refined our techniques in the past decades."  Sarah's feeling of dread doubled.  The door closed behind her.  "We have been watching you and waiting.  You have the determination to succeed where we did not.  And you have brought us a ship to get home."  Sarah tugged at the door to get out of the room as the bodies slowly slid toward her, their legs never moving from the ground.  "Our people abandoned us, but you will not.  You will lead us into the new age."  The things that were once men closed in around her.  She heaved at the door once more, digging her feet in, and the latch broke.  She ran from the room, down the corridor, praying the elevator would work for her once more.


Gallagher frowned at his instruments, sure that there must be some mistake. He tapped the scanner with a gloved finger and slammed the rover into park. 

"I'm getting something strange here, folks," he said into his radio. "Scanning again." There must be some mistake, he thought again, as he pinged the scanner again. There it was. A faint reading, but it was there. 

"Uhhhh..." he trailed off into his radio. "Commander, I'm pretty sure I'm picking up a signal here." Yes, there was definitely a signal. A faint electronic reading from several miles out. He shifted the rover back into drive and began making his way towards the signal, not waiting for confirmation from the commander. He was sure she would tell him to investigate, and he smiled faintly when a few seconds later she did so. 

Twenty minutes later he was at the source of the signal. He had pulled the rover into a small gorge and under a rocky outcropping. "What the fuck..." he breathed. A Soviet flag protruded from the rocks, next to what appeared to be an old bulkhead door.

"Are you guys seeing this?" Gallagher asked his team back at the habitat. "Are you guys fucking seeing this?"

There was a long silence. Finally the commander spoke, informing him that they were indeed seeing it. Gallagher couldn't stop shaking. It made sense that they wouldn't have seen the flag on the satellites under the outcropping of rock. Gallagher climbed out of the rover, grabbing the portable scanner. He approached the bulkhead and began brushing the years of Martian dust away. He found an access panel adjacent to the door and popped the screws off with his multitool. 

"This door is still getting some juice. I'm going to try to bypass." As he said this, he realized that someone had scratched a few words into the bulkhead. He didn't speak Russian. "Can you guys get that translated?" The commander confirmed that they would get on it, and Gallagher was able to get the door open. It shuddered to life and slowly creaked open. The USSR had fallen almost eighty years ago. He wondered how old this bulkhead was. He wondered a lot of things, but he could barely process the information before him, let alone start speculating. He popped on his headlamp and stepped into the airlock. It cycled and he made his way inside.

The lights were still on, flickering on and off lazily. He found himself filled with an overwhelming sense of dread. "Hello?" he called tentatively. "Anyone home?"

He made his way through what seemed to be a natural cave complex, fitted with O2 scrubbers and other amenities. A rec room with a ping pong table, a poster of the 1980 Soviet hockey team. A kitchen, complete with moldy, desiccated food still on plates. 

His footsteps seemed unnaturally loud as they continuously broke the sepulchral quiet. He passed an open doorway as he moved down the corridor and did a double take. Something had caught his eye as he passed. He turned, peering into the room, eyes widening in horror. He emptied the contents of his stomach into his helmet. The viewport heated up to allow the chunks to slide down into his suit, giving him a clear view of the horror that was this outposts bunkroom. Bones from at least a dozen humans scattered the room haphazardly, in great piles, as if placed deliberately. 

"Ohfuckohfuckofuck" he began repeating, over and over with increased urgency. He didn't know what the fuck was going on but he knew he needed to get the hell out of here right now. 

"Gallagher!" the commander shouted again. He realized she had been saying his name for several seconds. "We translated the writing on the bulkhead. You need to get the hell out of there right now!"

"What does it say?," he breathed, feeling paralyzed. 

"Stay out! Hostile lifeform inside," the commander recited. From deeper in the outpost, a ghastly snarl sounded out.


I don't even know how we found it. Mars is a big planet, albeit not as big as Earth, but we did. The scythe and hammer. The questions flowed through my head at lightspeed. Why didn't the Soviets tell us what happened? Actually, why didn't they tell their people? Nobody knows. It seems that all known people who worked on Soviet space program disappeared.

The discovery shocked the world more than the fact that we've actually reached Mars. There was a Russian on our team, Michail, and when we saw that half-bleached pink cloth, and found the hammer and scythe on it he laughed and said "Vot syka, ebat' menya v zhopy". No idea what that meant - but he was more shocked than me. 

We got a message to NASA right away - they wanted to keep it a secret but I threatened to tell everyone, so they actually released the information. All the news channels were flooded for a whole week. The Internet exploded with conspiracy theories and reused jokes. Russian government issued a statement that they "had not a single idea of how it was possible" and Putin, probably the only bastard on the planet who remembers USSR, was asked about it on his visit to Washington. 

While we were on Mars we did what you'd expect the Mars expedition to do - collected more samples, ran diagnostics, all that boring stuff. But every so often we would find some more evidence of the Soviet landing - a piece of radio equipment, a footprint in a cave or a buried used nuclear reactor. During the entire mission I felt that what I wanted to do my all life - something that nobody ever done before - was actually done seemingly a century ago. It wasn't something extraordinary - it was a second place, a "participation trophy".

When I was going through a cave to collect some underground samples, I found... a glove. A fucking glove. On Mars. I wanted to go back and tell the others, but then I noticed the owner. He had his helmet shattered to tiniest pieces, but the face was preserved in the vacuum. I could make out all the features, the mole on his right cheek, the frozen eyes and dark brown hair. It was as if he died only hours ago. The suit had a Soviet red flag on it, but it was a very good one, not much different from what Russia used at the beginning of the 21st century.

I was startled by the body, and forgot completely about calling the others. What happened to this guy? Was it an accident, or something more? I decided to go deeper into the cave. I know, stupid, how did I become an astronaut with this stupidity. But wouldn't you want to know? It's Mars, this was one of the first people to set foot on it, and he dies in a cave with a glove torn from the suit? Hardly seems likely. So, I started going. It wasn't easy. They cave wasn't fit for a spacesuit, so the pace was slow. But after about 10 minutes of crouching and walking I reached the end. That was it. The cave just ended, like they do on Earth. Except there was a sample collector in the wall. It was full, but untouched. The dead guy did find his way to the end of the cave, just like I did. But why didn't he take the samples? Why was his glove torn off near the entrance?

I didn't want to waste time to take the new samples, so I just took the Soviet ones. It's important to not waste anything in space, okay? When I picked it up, the dust flew all around the cave. Yeah, imagine forgetting your laptop in a cave on Mars for a century, see how dusty it gets. I went back to crouch and walk to the top. As I reached the entrance, I saw a silhouette of one of my crew mates. "Help me out with this one, will ya?" I said. Little did I notice, that the dead astronaut was gone. Well, not gone. I still saw him. He was standing in the entrance, his silhouette black against the bright red sands of Mars...


When human feet finally touched the surface of Mars, it was under the aegis of no government.  De-centeralized social structures, growing rapidly under the influence of a de-centralized information network, had replaced government.  It had turned out that cooperation only required adequate communication.

And, it had taken several hundred years.  The old notions of country and nation, had blurred together.  Humanity had endured a crisis.  History had slept, and rolled off the bed, and sat up startled.  We reached the red planet.

It had always been right in our reach.  A group of intrepid explorers, united by the promise of freedom and reward, had made their way here.  I was among them.  It was I who discovered the hatch, buried in the red sand.  I was out surveying with my partner, and within his puffy white suit, his shoulders immediately squared up.  John was on the guard for threats.  

I did not know Russian, but I knew what it looked like.  C.C.C.P. was an unfamiliar moniker to me, but the writing style looked familiar.  I had read history.  It was something I meant to bring to Mars, not study while I was there.

"This is obviously very old," I said.  "It could be up to eighty years."

"I don't want you playing with that," he said.  "We don't know what's behind it."

He might have seemed patronizing, but I could tell he was just protecting me.  People had put this thing here.  Could they still be around? 

Eventually, several other Dunists (our enclave's name for itself) had gathered to look at the mysterious hatch with us.  Finally someone attempted to open it.

A loud hiss, a blast of steam drove us away.  We staggered back, fearful our suits would be torn open.  The thin air wouldn't kill us immediately, but it could be fatal.  I stumbled into my partner's arms, and we retreated together.

When we returned to view the hatch a second time, blackness greeted us.  Descending into the pit, with a hand-light, I led the way, John protectively watching my back, another partner-pair about thirty meters back.  We were struck by the almost organic composition of the walls.  This didn't look carved or blasted, it looked like something had burrowed it out.  With teeth.

There were scattered square edges and shapes, pieces of equipment that belonged in our world, that looked out of place in this one.  John stopped and gently brushed the dust aside.  "More Russian," I said.  "And no, I still cannot read it."

The passage, dark and red like the surrounding rocks and sand, wound for three or four hundred meters until it opened into a large ampitheater.

And here, we found the gaping hole.  You could look into the gaping hole.  It was so, so very dark.  

"Shine the laser," John suggested.  I had a small laser scanner, meant to return distances.  The light did not brighten any of the surfaces, did not come back.  The scanner saw no bottom.

"It's rated for ten kilometers," I quipped.  "We should see a bottom, there's no way it can be that deep."

Moments later, there was a loud thud.  The ground shook.  Up the passageway, we saw the nameless couple who had joined us, their suits whirling in retreat.  

It was then that the room lit up with pure energy.  Light poured out of the opening in the floor.  For long seconds, there seemed to be a great whistle of energy blasting through everything in the room.

And then, I saw stars.  Quite briefly, in the hole in the ground.  It seemed like they were very, very close.  Like I was looking down into the sky.

Neither of us understood, but we knew that the Russians, whoever they had been, however they had gotten here, had somehow found this bizarre unnatural phenomenon.

And wherever they had gone, this was the point of departure.

"So," I asked him.  "Do you think we could go through there, too?"


“Thanks reddit,” I said, “Y’all make this community spectacular. I’ve been coming here for a few years just to have fun reading and writing, and apart from getting banned once when a mod thought my story was so terrible that I must be trolling, the feedback has always been constructive. I think that says a lot about an internet community. The rest of the internet can get pretty negative and rude, but the people who hang out on /r/writingprompts are really awesome to each other. And I really mean it when I say-”

Something tapped my shoulder from behind. I swiveled my chair and saw Revolutionary Comrade Zoot—the protagonist of the very first story I posted to /r/writingprompts three and a half years ago.

“Remember me?” Zoot asked.

“I, uh,” I sputtered. I racked my brains trying to remember his name and his plot arc.

“You forgot?” Zoot said, shocked.

“You’re blue,” I said desperately, “Um, you’re like a… a communist type alien, um,”

Zoot frowned. “I was part of the prompt: [WP] You are the heir to the family business of being a superhero. At 16, your power is unveiled, but no one expected what it was…” 

I nodded, the memories beginning to stir.

“You gave me the superpower of superdreaming,” Zoot said.

"That's right," I said.

"I always wanted to ask you something," Zoot said.

"What's that?" 

"What's your dream?" Zoot asked.

"Me?" I said, "It's pretty simple. I just want people to read the stuff I write."

"So you've made it, then," Zoot said, "Just like me."

"Yeah," I said, "I suppose I have. All because of reddit."

"Thanks reddit," Zoot said, turning to face YOU, the reader. "You're awesome."

ze end!

---

/r/trrh


As I finished reading the meta writing prompt I was filled with a small feeling of warmth. A relatively bad time of year for me made a little brighter by random people online and the mods that backed up their choice to share a little good during their day.

"Merry Christmas, guys. Or happy holidays. Either way, at the very least I hope your night goes well and tomorrow is kind to you."


She was lying in bed, sick as a dog, scrolling through Reddit and trying to keep down the water she'd drank. She came across a strange writing prompt. As she read she saw that it was actually uplifting and though she still physically felt like she'd been in a Disney teacups ride that'd gone through a woodchipper, she smiled. "Thanks, stranger. You too." And then she promptly threw her phone down and ran to the bathroom to puke again. She came back and wrote the last few words...Really, thanks.


I read the prompt again to confirm what had been written.   

*You are told that you are loved and accepted for who you are...*

As I read this, my thoughts begin to  overwhelm me once again... 

"Why?," I ask myself. "What have I done to deserve this kind of love? Am I really the kind of person worthy of love, and if I am, why do I feel worse after reading this?!?" 

*Maybe it's because you don't deserve this love. You know that you're not a good person. It wouldn't be right for someone as worthless as you to receive a love like this.*

*You're a burden rather than a blessing to those around you. You feel that there is nothing to love about you because THERE TRULY IS NOTHING TO LOVE!!* 



As the thoughts begin to subside, I see the face of a man on my screen. The face of a man who  hated himself because of his shortcomings rather than cherish his blessings. A man who was exhausted from doing so for so many years that he hardly recognized himself. 

I reach towards the screen, hoping to somehow convince myself that the face was just a picture that I could swipe away. 

Instead, the man's face remained, realizing my worst fears had come true. I had become this man, a man I thought I had murdered and buried years ago, who did nothing but ruin every close relationship I had, suck all of the happiness from my life, and left emptiness to replace it. 

I could've sworn that he looked different back then as well, as he had fewer wrinkles, was clean shaven, and his hair was less grey.

Now I realize the truth. I did not kill this man. He is here, staring at my reflection. The darkness had never left...   





>Thank you for reading. I'm sure that you might be questioning my mental state, and I don't blame you. 

>Thankfully, this was only a reflection on my prior bouts with depression. The holidays always have a knack of reminding me of the darker times of my life. I'd like to think that it's also a reminder of how far I've come since then as well. 


>I've been wanting to write something like this for quite some time. I was hoping for my creative juices to start to flow with a happier topic, but I couldn't help myself. 

> I'm hoping that this will help me start to become a more frequent contributor to this subreddit. I love reading everyone's stories, and often write my own, but I'm usually too late or too afraid to post them. 

Hope everyone has a merry Christmas, or whatever you plan on doing this day. Have fun, love, be loved, and cherish your blessings!


"Loved"... *I snorted.*

"Accepted"... *I laughed. A long laugh. I couldn't help it.*

*With such a sharp contrast to every other comment and action directed toward me in daily life, this was obviously either a joke or directed at someone else. I am one of those who society would simply prefer not to exist. I have untreated chronic pain so it's more convenient to pretend I don't exist than to help me. Apparently, especially among doctors. Even among others, I can't be real. I must be faking, an addict, a criminal, a liar. Then people aren't really suffering from increasingly strict opiate regulations. People aren't being tortured and vilified just because they dared to be in pain. Not really. Not in the US. I am not real to them because it makes it easier for them to live not to think of other people existing in that way. And maybe soon they will be one person closer to having what they want.*

*As my laughter faded, I noticed my lips had assumed the shape of a slight but genuine smile.*

At least this was a nice try, *I thought.*


The night was stupidly warm, as all Christmas nights are in Australia. Though, the storm that accidentally visited my door and blundered through the shrubs was a welcome change, causing me to swap from a roaring fan to an open window. However, this brought in another problem: mosquitoes. As one zipped by, my arm reflexively whipped at my neck, trying to catch the bugger with an open palm. 

**WHAP.** Fuck. Missed.

Despite that, I continued on, lightly scrolling through Reddit to ease my mind off of the heat. There, I spotted a little note from /r/WritingPrompts:

>"[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"

"Fuck off! Can't tell me what to do." I said to myself, as if the prompter can hear it through the monitor, like some odd version of 1984. And so I scrolled on, while flicking to another tab to slip into Youtube and listen to that one Ghost song that keeps worming back into my head. Bit of a plague, that, but it doesn't bother me any. Unlike these bloody mosquitoes. 

Arm. Fling. **WHAP**. Fuck. Missed.


"Is it Christmas?", I asked myself. The sludge-like snow on the ground obscures my sense of time, or even season. The last 20 or 90 months have been covered in ice, it seems. And a blizzard has been forming in my head for years. I've salted the streets in preparation for my upcoming travels into the unknown depths of my mind. It's a slippery-slope that I romantisize and adore. That beautiful, wintery greyness that manifests itself as melancholy and ennui. Comfort resides in the past. And that's where I wish to be.

It is there that I await my fate. With an ever-pervasive sense of hope that only fools relive time and time again. "There's no future without you, or those before you", I tell myself. Yet, time-again, I find myself saying those words again. It's as if I do not know myself without another, without regard to who the "other" is. 

They can tell me time-and-time again how loved and accepted I am, but they'll never convince me. And I'll only let them down, as they let down my idolized notions of them. It's not their fault. And it's not exactly mine either. But they can never love me in all the ways I need to be loved. It's impossible.   

But you could at least spend New Years Eve with me, like you said you would last year. You weren't there. You won't be this year, either. You were never there.... and never will be, apparently. I don't need you... and fuck you. I just want you to remember the wreck you left behind. I want you to realize that the only reason I replied to a "writingprompt" to some complete stranger on reddit is because you told me you could never live without me or forget me. The only reason I'm typing this out is in hopes that you happen to come across this comment, and recognize how incredilbly hurt I am by your actions. My *reactions* weren't great, I'll give you that, but the things you did and said  to begin with -- I never ... I'm not the bad guy, and fuck you for trying to make me think that I was. I might have been the bad guy in my past relationships...but not with you.


It's a hell of a thing - being sick on the holidays. /u/therunawayguy had been suffering through coughing fits and amounts of snot that no human being should be able to produce for the better part of a week now, and had managed to slog through the holiday grind of seeing old family that he didn't particularly like much despite that. He had hoped that would be the end of things, and he was going to recover soon, but here he lay, six in the morning, sleeping sporadically through hacking and wheezing and sneezing.

But as he browsed Reddit on his phone, /u/therunawayguy realized something.

That though he was miserable, he was also happy.

There had been many things going on that had been rough, but as always, good comes alongside the bad. He had seen and got to interact with family he *did* like. Gotten to see his sister, who he otherwise suspected was depressed, have her face light up at the prospect of getting a video game she had wanted for a long time. Gotten to surprise his mother, one of his personal heros, with gifts that made her break down into tears of happiness. Gotten to give to charity two or three times, when he could normally only barely manage things well enough to care for even his own family.

Gotten to look on the internet, and see the beautiful things people have done for each other. From as important as fighting political battles to make the world a better place for everyone, to as wacky as pillows meant to depict a loved one's dog going horribly wrong, to as simple as wishing each other happy holidays.

Though he had suffered, /u/therunawayguy realized that this this holiday season had probably been his personal favorite ever, simply because of the little things he had experienced and gotten to do for others and being able to see the joy of others around him.

And suddenly, a little sickness didn't seem like such a big deal anymore.

Laying there, he decided to type up a little message for the world at large:

"Thanks.

It's been a rough time. Haven't been this sick in a while, and truth be told, I still feel like death. But to quote one of my favorite characters, from one of my favorite shows (despite its controversies), 'And yet, I smile'. :) 

As I've grown, it's becoming more and more apparent to me that what makes me happy is seeing others happy, and I've seen a lot of happiness recently, both from my real life and from the internet, particularly Reddit.

I'm tired, and going to try and get some more sleep now, but I just wanted to say thank you to you wonderful people. For everything. From r/wholesomememes to charity subs like r/Random_Acts_of_Pizza, this website has done some amazing stuff, especially this time of year, and I'm confident that it will continue to do these things. Keep being cool, Reddit, and never forget that spirit - the drive to help your fellow human beings in whatever ways you can. Doesn't have to be huge. Even something as simple as a meta writing prompt can make someone smile, and if you do that for someone, I'd say you've done well enough. :)"

And with that, he hit 'Add Comment' and closed his eyes, comforted in the knowledge that happiness was all around him, as it was around everyone.


I scrolled down the page.  Looking at the next entry, I read, "[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"

The nerd in me couldn't help it.  I've been wanting to write something recursive for a long time.  I opened the link in a new tab.

After watching the theatrical trailer for *Jingle All the Way*, I found this tab open.  After thinking how to begin, I started typing:

>I scrolled down the page.  Looking at the next entry, I read, "[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"
>
>The nerd in me couldn't help it.  I've been wanting to write something recursive for a long time.  I opened the link in a new tab.
>
>After watching the theatrical trailer for *Jingle All the Way*, I found this tab open.  After thinking how to begin, I started typing:
>
>>I scrolled down the page.  Looking at the next entry, I read, "[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you >are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"
>>
>>The nerd in me couldn't help it.  I've been wanting to write something recursive for a long time.  I opened the link in a new tab.
>>
>>After watching the theatrical trailer for *Jingle All the Way*, I found this tab open.  After thinking how to begin, I started typing:
>>
>>>I scrolled down the page.  Looking at the next entry, I read, "[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you >>are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"
>>>
>>>The nerd in me couldn't help it.  I've been wanting to write something recursive for a long time.  I opened the link in a new tab.
>>>
>>>After watching the theatrical trailer for *Jingle All the Way*, I found this tab open.  After thinking how to begin, I started typing:
>>>
>>>>I scrolled down the page.  Looking at the next entry, I read, "[WP] you are yourself, on Christmas Day, reading this on reddit, you are told that you are loved and accepted for who you are, and to have a happy holiday season, and a great new year!"
>>>>
>>>>The nerd in me couldn't help it.  I've been wanting to write something recursive for a long time.  I opened the link in a new tab.
>>>>
>>>>After watching the theatrical trailer for *Jingle All the Way*, I found this tab open.  After thinking how to begin, I started typing:
>>>>
>>>>And then I realized I couldn't get out of the recursion.
>>>
>>>And then I realized I couldn't get out of the recursion.
>>
>>And then I realized I couldn't get out of the recursion.
>
>And then I realized I couldn't get out of the recursion.

So I backed out of the recursion, and submitted the post.


I lay down on my bed. Having read a new prompt on a subreddit.. 

The air is cold and chilly, with my blanket and cylinder pillow the only things I am using to keep warm.

My family has always said I'm loved, but I know love is not unconditional. Love always has conditions.

I hug the pillow, it's cold, but slowly warms to my body heat. I think of the person I like.. they likely don't like me... But I think of them any hows. It makes my life a bit better than it is.

Then the memories flood in slowly. How lonely I am, how I may never be loved back. The cold of the air stings my sad body. 

Then I cry, I cryed so hard. I yearned to be loved and cared for. To feel affection in my cold dead heart. I yearned for the Soviet Union, for communism and peace. For unity and happiness. For all my miseries to end...


Maybe... Maybe one day things will be better... One day. . .


I watched the Reddit prompt scroll past, wishing the seasons greetings. I sighed and put my phone down, tired from the facade of Christmas cheer, that changed my face one a year. 

As was tradition I reached for the hidden box under the bed and pulled out the hard steel if the revolver, all but one cylinder barrel empty.
I poured a glass of scotch and sat staring at the cold black metal, the weight felt so familiar in my hand. 

I rolled the cylinder and downed the scotch as it span, place the barrel to my temple and pulled the trigger.

*Click* 
One empty barrel
*Click* 
Another
*Click* 
Another
*Click* 
Two more
*Click* 
One more chance
*Chink* 

The hammer contacted the priming cap, echoing its message down the bullet. 

The gun and bullet had been disabled years ago, the barrel narrowed, the shell empty. Now it just served as a reminder of my survival. 

I rejoined my family, satisfied I had lived through another year.
 I raise a final toast hoping the next one will be better.


He read the prompt and shook his head silently. "This is the most boring prompt I've ever read", he thought, "He definitely means well, but I've never been a fan of stunts like this." He downvoted and hid the thread from his feed. For some reason he didn't stop to put his finger on, he went to his hidden threads, unhid it and started submitting a comment to the prompt. After a few minutes of typing with his phone, he decided to end his submission by telling that he will let the original submitter keep his downvote. "I'm weird", he thought to himself as he submitted the comment.


The 23-year old, jet-lagged, meme lord half-a-world away from home blinked twice before deciding to actually type something with the hope that some other person would read it and feel a little bit better just like this prompt had made him feel. 

He racked his head before typing out: 

We we will never meet! Ever! Probably. But we still share both this moment in time and the common fate of being thrown without choice into this ridiculous chasm called existence. I'm happy you were thrown in here with me. Merry Christmas!


She muddled through her third overtime shift in as many days at the hospital, trying to keep her cheer up for the patients and family members around her. Her bright smile belied her exhaustion as she doggedly put one foot in front of the other. Although fiercely determined, she acquiesced to her body’s plea for a break and gladly sat down for a few minutes.

Opening Reddit and scrolling through writing prompts, her face broke out in a happy grin when she read this one. 😁 Cheers y’all! Here’s to an awesome 2018! We got this 👊


I sigh deeply as tears begin to well in my eyes and I'm faced with a decision. After texting my mother last night and telling her I would be over to her house in the morning, before spending the afternoon with my boyfriend's family for Christmas, she responded with two simple texts:

"Ok"
"Don't bother stopping by. Enjoy your Christmas."

Nothing hurts more than being told by your own mother on Christmas Eve that you're not wanted at home on Christmas.

After rereading the prompt, a single tear escapes. A complete stranger has more empathy for me than my own mother. The world is an interesting place. I then chuckle softly and whisper quietly, "Thanks, Reddit."


I awoke to the quorking of ravens.  The fact that I knew that sound meant ravens, or even what quorking was, surprised me, but didn't concern me.  Nor did the fact I couldn't quite remember where I was or what I had been doing.  That too, should've concerned me but, pleasantly, didn't.  It felt like I was waking from a long nap, a bit foggy but refreshed.  The ravens flapped and hopped around their perch in a way that seemed to indicate confusion or argument and, for a time, I just watched them.  It was some time before I realized there was someone else in the room, or space, or where ever this was.  A hooded old man, also observing the ravens with something approaching paternal concern was turned away from me.  I tried to clear my throat politely but the sound echoed impossibly and all three figures turned to regard me.  

"Greetings traveler," the old man said, "You've caused my little friends here a bit of confusion.  It seems your tale is a bit unusual for my halls, so I've chosen to hear it directly.  Tell me sir, are you a warrior of your people?"  

It didn't feel like an interrogation and somehow I wasn't scared.  It was like my grandfather had asked me about what I had for breakfast that day.  It felt right to reply, and suddenly memory became clear.  

"Uh...sir, no...not a warrior.  Actually, farthest thing from it by most peoples way of thinking - I'm just a cook."  I felt this would somehow end the dream, or whatever this was, or the man would be unimpressed, but he wasn't.  If anything, he seemed to be smiling.  

"That explains this," a dented, scratched spatula appeared in the mans hand.  Memory seemed to awake at the sight.

"Yes!  That's mine!  I mean, well, the one I always use.  I guess it's my favorite, as much as a spatula can be.  I was using it just a little while ago, making....what was I making?  I'm sorry, I can't remember."  I felt the need to apologize to this figure, although I wouldn't be able to tell you why.  He seemed familiar, somehow, like a relative I hadn't seen in years.  

"Don't bother yourself with worry, traveler.  Why don't you take up your favorite...spatula, and tell me of your...labors with it."  The old man offered the spatula to me, handle first, carefully, almost tenderly, like it was precious and fragile.  I reached out a hand to touch it and felt a flash of memory.  

"I...I was in the...cafeteria...Yes, that's where I was.  I work for the district and was making lunch.  Chicken tenders and tater-tots, green beans, apple sauce, even a little salad.  It's good for the kids to have good food to eat, don't you think?  I always loved working with the kids and the district was kind enough to give me a job, even though I had a record." 

It felt natural to say this to the old man.  He was feeling more like a long missed friend so sharing with him was comfortable...easy. 

"A cook, for children?  That was your task?  Your role amongst your people?"  The question wasn't delivered with malice or derision, the old man wasn't mocking me or being cruel.  If anything, he seemed..surprised, maybe even a little impressed.  

"Yes, I love working with the children.  Little Cheryl and Tommy and Franz were always nice to me, always tried to tell me jokes.  I made sure to give them extra tater-tots - they love tater-tots.  They even made me some macaroni art!  I hung it up behind the counter so I could see it every day."  The children.  Something about the children.  Something horrifying was crawling at the edge of my memories.  The children were in danger! The old man must've seen panic on my face.

"Peace, traveler, the children are safe," The old man put a hand on my arm and I instantly felt a peaceful calm return, "tell me of this day, friend, then we can go from this place."  

"Today?  Normal day I guess.  Spilled tea on myself getting ready, had to change my shirt and almost clocked in late.  I was just getting ready for lunch when I started hearing something from upstairs.  I didn't think the kids were doing a field day and the banging was so loud.  I went to look out and kids were already running down the stairs, screaming and crying..." I could feel tears of my own forming at the memory..."I saw Tommy and Franz holding Cheryl...trying to push their hands against her side, already slick with blood.  Tommy was missing a chunk of his right ear but didn't seem to care, he was holding onto Cheryl as hard as a 7 year old could.  He was so brave, even as the other kids ran in every direction."  The memory was an avalanche now.  The screams of panicked adults and terrified children.  The smell of blood and gun powder.  The thunder of the shots getting closer. I remembered.

"I...I took them into the freezer, in the back of the cafeteria.  Tommy, Franz, Cheryl....all the kids I could find.  I found the big first aid kit we always keep in the cafeteria and yanked it off the wall to throw into the freezer with them and told them not to open the door, no matter what.  Then I broke the handle and I think..." my memory ended with the shock of impact, of a force on my back and a sudden red stain on the freezer door.  Understanding slowly unfolded in my mind.  

The old man stood silent for a long time.  The ravens had taken to his shoulders at some point and all were looking at me intently.  It was only now that I realized the old man, face hidden in shadow, seemed to have a patch over one eye.  He also had a tear running down his face.  

"I see now why my little friends were confused, traveler.  Midgard has changed greatly since I last walked there and with it, so has the shape of battle.  Thankfully, what hasn't changed is the stout heart of man."  The old man seemed to be drawing himself up, getting impossibly big and powerful looking.  In the distance, horns blared.  "Listen, friend, the horns of my hall are sounded for you.  You have a place among the honored dead here.  You fell upon a field that should never have been a battleground, defending those who should never need be warriors.  You showed the bravery of long ages past and when you did, you held this in your hand."

The final memory blossomed in my mind.  I had used the spatula to break the handle, that's why it was dented and scratched.  Something new blossomed there.  I could see minutes later, help arriving, the freezer being forced open, medics attending the survivors.  

Even little Cheryl.  

I saw a memorial in the cafeteria, candles and flowers.  I saw drawings of crayon and sparkles, thank yous and prayers, Cheryl walking slowly, still bandaged, crying, laying another piece of macaroni art on the pile.  In the middle, on a small stand, was the spatula.  My spatula.

I turned to the old man, who I now knew as if he was my father.  He indicated a direction and we began walking together towards his distant hall as his ravens took flight, quorking to themselves contentedly.  


Edit 1:  I am stunned and humbled by the response this has elicited, especially from folks who work with or at schools themselves.  Thank you all.  I will try to respond to all the comments I can individually, and will thank all the folks who were generous enough to gild this directly as soon as I can.  I'm also integrating the very helpful feedback from a few folks who noticed I drifted into the 3rd person a few times.  

Edit 2:  A few people have asked if I had a subreddit, so I've decided to condense all the prompts I've responded to over here - https://www.reddit.com/r/SpecialistSix/.  I hope a few that didn't get much traction the first time around get some new readers.  

Edit 3:  Check out /u/NachosGalore [reading of the piece](https://soundcloud.com/anartiesaysmoo/spatula/s-MVmlN) - I think it's great!


"Will the deceased please rise."

I stood. The court of Asgard was quite intimidating. Odin presided with Thor arguing against us.  "As you can see," Thor said "This is no weapon, merely a cooking implement. Like any other, surely we wouldn't let any hero with a spoon into Valhalla now will we?"

The crowd in the courtroom laughed. My lawyer stood "Objection your honor, speculation." The lawyer adjusted his suit, when your soul was on the line, the best lawyer would do. Loki smiled and raised his arms in a plaintive gesture. "At least I don't think we've ruled that spoons aren't weapons."

Odin peered down with his one good eye. "Mmm sustained, no precedent has yet been set for spoons."

"Withdrawn... father." 

"Tell me, if the prosecution thinks a spatula isn't a weapon, what exactly is a weapon?" Loki asked baiting the trap.

"Why, it's a tool meant to defend oneself of course. Staves, swords," Thor smiled and raised his hammer Mjölnir above him "And hammers." The crowd hooted at the sight of the legendary weapon. 

"So anything that you use to defend yourself you say. What about from non corporal threats, like magic for example, threats to ones survival of all types would seem to count correct?"

Thor thought for a moment. "Yes I suppose a charm could count as a weapon. Protection from magic is self defense."

"So would protecting yourself from existential threats then count? Like starvation, if you can't feed yourself you are in jeopardy. Can a weapon be used to feed yourself?"

"Indeed!" Thor exclaimed "I have often used my hammer on hunts."

"Ah HA!" Loki exclaimed "So therefore using a spatula to prevent your starvation makes it a weapon?"

Thor looked confused, "That's obviously not what I meant."

"Stenographer please read back what Thor just said in response to my last question?" Loki asked with an ingratiating tone. 

"Ok let's see, Loki: Can a weapon be used to feed yourself. Thor: Indeed. Shall I continue?"

"Thank you, that'll be all stenographer," Loki replied. "So by the prosecutions own logic a spatula, used to feed oneself and protect from starvation is in fact a weapon."

"Your honor the defense is willfully misinterpreting my statement. Surely you must see this."

"Do not presume to tell me what I see Thor Odinson..." Odin replied in a booming voice. "I rule in favor of the defense. A spatulla can be used as a weapon."

I stood and pumped my fist, "YES! Valhalla here I come."

"On the condition," Odin continued "That you use this weapon come Ragnarok."

"I... uh," I studdered

"Take the deal" Loki whispered. "You just have to fight a giant snake with the other heroes. You won't even have to do anything."

"Very well, I accept this deal. I shall save the world." I smirked, "With a spatula."


"So, what are the choices again?" I asked the Celestial Advisory and Determination Committee.  Sitting before me were representatives of all the afterlives available.  From St. Peter to Charon the Ferryman they all stood looking at me, "How do you have time to do this for each person?"

"Time is different here," St. Peter said then continued, "Heaven is the place for you!  An eternity of soft clouds, harp playing, and just praising the Lord.  For all eternity."

"A Lord," Buddha suggested, "There are more than one, stop hogging the Lordiness."

"Harp playing and clouds," I said, interested, "What else is there?"

"That's it!" St. Peter announced proudly.

"Hard pass," I said holding my hand up as his face dropped, "Next.  What about you."  My finger was pointing at who was obviously Satan.

"Party's all day.  Liquor that flows like a river.  Gambling 24 hours a day," He said this all non-nonchalantly and my face brightened.

"What he doesn't mention," said Buddha, "The Party is attended by the people you hate the most, the liquor is Miller Lite, and you always lose while gambling."

"Buddha!" Satan said simply, "Remind me to sneak snakes into your bed."

"Another hard pass," I told Satan and he deflated, "What about you Buddha?"

"I offer nothing," the Buddha said, "For I am perfectly content."

"Content to screw up everyone's sales pitches, you rotund son of a..." Satan mumbled.

"Enough!" This huge warrior yelled and everyone jumped, "Send this puny fool to some afterlife full of sissies and wimps.  He is unworthy of Valhalla."

"What's that supposed to mean," I said, standing in my chair and bristling, "What's so great about Valhalla?"

"Puny fool," the warrior said, "I represent Odin the one-eyed.  Even with two eyes I can see you are unworthy.  Valhalla is for warriors who died with a weapon in hand in the heat of battle.  In its hallowed halls you drink mead all day long and speak of battles past.  You begin the day with a fight and end with a fight.  It is for men."

I looked at Buddha expectantly.  He just shrugged, continued smiling, "It's true. Alcohol all day long and lusty Valkyries by your side."

"I want in!" I said, slamming my hand on the table.

"You've never used a weapon in your life, coward," the warrior laughed and I was enraged.

"I'll have you know I died with the greatest weapon of my age in my hand..."  I was just talking at this point.  What did I die doing again?  Oh yeah, heart attack scrambling eggs after binge watching Netflix.

"That weapon being?" the warrior asked, raising a giant bushy eyebrow.

"A spatula!" I said, looking around the room.

"But a spatula is..." a round face started.

"One more word, Buddha, and I'll wipe the contentment off your face."  I yelled and the warrior laughed.

"And you killed with this weapon?"  the warrior asked, judging my next words carefully.

"Many men," I said simply, telling him the truth.  You see, there was no lying in these hallowed halls.

"We leave for Valhalla in the morning, brave warrior." he told me, clapping me on the shoulder so hard I cringed.  The room emptied of grumbling eternal salesman.

"I do not understand," the Buddha said, raising an eyebrow, "A spatula is not a weapon.  How did you kill many men with it?"

"I was a fry cook for 30 years at the grungiest diner you ever saw," I grinned, "If the food poisoning didn't get them, the hardened arteries did."

Buddha grinned.


FADE IN:

INT. A CORPORATE BOARDROOM – DAY

*Several men and women in suits sit around a large table, all of them looking bored. At the front of the room, a man with a white beard flicks at the black eyepatch that he wears. This is ODIN.*

**ODIN:** You know, I was supposed to get the wisdom of the ages.

*Halfhearted murmurs are offered by everyone at the table.*

**ODIN:** (*CONT'D*) There I was, thinking I'd be granted some kind of sublime knowledge. Do you know what I got?

*A blond-haired man with a neatly trimmed beard sighs. This is THOR.*

**THOR:** A bunch of old wives' tales and some herbal remedies?    
**ODIN:** A bunch of old... hey!    
**THOR:** And when you asked for a refund, Mimir told you to...

*A breathtakingly beautiful woman – SIF – interrupts.*

**SIF:** (*Interrupting*) He told you to go sit on a glacier.    
**ODIN:** Now, look, if you people are just going to...

*A sudden flash of light interrupts Odin. When the room's illumination returns to normal, a very confused young man is revealed. This is DAVE. He is clad in a pink apron and is clutching a black spatula.*

**ODIN:** (*CONT'D*) ... huh. That hasn't happened in a while.    
**DAVE:** Yeah, I'm reasonably certain that pancakes aren't normally supposed to do that.    
**SIF:** Do what?    
**DAVE:** I'm not sure. What just happened?

*A middle-aged woman grins with glee. This is HEL.*

**HEL:** You died!    
**DAVE:** I think I'd remember that.    
**THOR:** No, that's definitely what happened.

*Dave glances around.*

**DAVE:** Heaven looks really boring.    
**THOR:** This is Valhalla.    
**DAVE:** Valhalla looks really boring. Why am I in Valhalla?    
**ODIN:** Good question. Only warriors who die in battle are supposed to come here.    
**DAVE:** You must get a lot of soldiers, then.    
**SIF:** Actually, no, we don't. See, you *don't* have to die in battle; you have to die holding a weapon.    
**DAVE:** Soldiers carry guns! Guns are weapons!    
**HEL:** Not according to Section Nine, Paragraph Four of the Valhalla Bylaws!

*Everyone in the room save for Dave and Hel groans with impatience.*

**DAVE:** The what?    
**THOR:** Don't encourage her.    
**HEL:** According to our charter, a weapon is an object which renders injury or death.    
**DAVE:** ... So, a gun?    
**HEL:** No, a bullet.    
**DAVE:** That seems like a remarkably stupid technicality.    
**THOR:** *You're* a remarkably stupid technicality!    
**ODIN:** He might be, actually.

*All eyes in the room turn to face Odin.*    

**SIF:** Huh?    
**ODIN:** Well, what's that in his hand?    
**DAVE:** It's a spatula.    
**ODIN:** I know it's a spatula... but what *is* it?    
**THOR:** ... A spatula.    
**ODIN:** You're not getting it. What *is* a spatula?    

*A sudden thought seems to occur to Dave.*

**DAVE:** Hang on! Why does Valhalla look like an office building?    
**HEL:** We had to redefine a pen as weapon a few decades ago.    
**DAVE:** Because it's mightier than the sword?    
**HEL:** Because a disgruntled accountant stabbed his coworker with one.    
**DAVE:** Oh. I take it he lost that fight.    
**THOR:** He...    
**DAVE:** (*Interrupting*) Since he died, I mean.    
**THOR:** He actually slipped and hit his head while running away.    
**SIF:** He wouldn't stop screaming, so we redesigned Valhalla to make him calm down.    
**DAVE:** And... what? You just kept it this way?    
**HEL:** (*Shrugging*) Eh.

*Odin slams his fist on the table.*

**ODIN:** Enough! I swear, you people will drone on about the dullest things!    
**THOR:** (*Muttering*) You mean like trading your eye for a chicken soup recipe?    
**ODIN:** Now, for the last time: What is a spatula?

*Several seconds of silence pass.*

**THOR:** It's...    
**ODIN:** (*Interrupting*) Don't say "a spatula."    
**THOR:** Well, it is.    
**SIF:** You mean... are you asking if it counts as a weapon?    
**ODIN:** Finally! Yes.    
**THOR:** You could have been direct about it.     
**ODIN:** (*In a mocking voice*) "You could have been direct about it." Shut up.    
**THOR:** You're an ass.    
**HEL:** I think it counts as a weapon.    
**SIF:** Odin's ass?    
**THOR:** Only after taco night.    
**HEL:** *The spatula!*   
**SIF:** Is it forged from celestial iron or something?

*Dave examines his spatula.*

**DAVE:** No, I think it's just plastic.    
**HEL:** It counts! It can render injury or death!    
**DAVE:** Hey, my pancakes aren't *that* bad!    
**HEL:** We are not concerned with your pancakes; we're talking about the spatula.    
**SIF:** Do you ever say a word so often that it starts to sound funny?    
**THOR:** Spa-tu-la.    
**ODIN:** Spa-tuuuuu-la.    
**SIF:** Spaaaaa-tu-la.    
**DAVE:** (*Shouting*) Confused! *Confused!*

*Dave closes his eyes and starts waving his spatula in front of him. It smacks on the top of Odin's head several times.*

**ODIN:** Ow! Ow! Stop it! Stop it! Ow!    
**HEL:** There! See?! That's an injury!

*Dave stops flailing and opens one eye.*

**DAVE:** Oh, god, sorry, I...    
**THOR:** (*Interrupting*) Odin.    
**DAVE:** What?    
**ODIN:** What?    
**THOR:** No, not... ugh. He said "god." That's the other guy.    
**SIF:** Technically, it's an unspecified deity. You're thinking of Jehovah.    
**HEL:** It's "Yeshua" now.    
**THOR:** No, that's his son. We go drinking on Tuesdays.    
**ODIN:** When *don't* you go drinking? Lazy layabout.

*Thor snatches the spatula from Dave and brandishes it at Odin.*

**THOR:** You want to go, old man? Huh?    
**SIF:** (*To Hel*) Huh, look at that. I guess you're right.    
**HEL:** That settles it. The spatula is a weapon.

*Odin snatches the spatula from Thor and whacks him over the head with it.*

**ODIN:** Any more like that out of you, and you're grounded!    

*Thor sits back and sulks. Odin turns the spatula over in his hands a few times.*

**ODIN:** (*CONT'D*) I mean... I guess. Sure, why not? It's better than that stupid pen.    
**HEL:** That was plastic, too, by the way.

*Odin hands the spatula back to Dave, who looks uncertain.*

**DAVE:** So, uh... does that mean I'm staying?    
**HEL:** It looks that way.    
**SIF:** Yeah, welcome to Valhalla, I guess.    
**DAVE:** Great. Now that everything is cleared up, I just have one question.    
**THOR:** The bathroom is down the hall.    
**DAVE:** Huh? Oh, no, thanks, but I was actually curious about something else.    
**ODIN:** What troubles you, warrior?

*Dave takes a deep breath.*

**DAVE:** How the hell did I even die?!

*Hel takes out her smartphone and scrolls through something.*

**HEL:** It looks like the batter mix you used was contaminated... with cyanide.    
**DAVE:** ... That seems incredibly unlikely.    
**HEL:** Well, that's what happened.    
**THOR:** I guess your pancakes *were* that bad!

*Dave stares at Thor for a moment, then whacks him with the spatula.*

CUT TO BLACK.


Odin leaned forward in his gilded throne, his single eye judging the young man who stood before him.

"What do you make of this, mortal?" Odin asked looking to his left and right, down the line of gods.  

Thor scoffed, "This pathetic creature is no warrior! Look at his frail limbs and tiny body. How many frost giants have you slain?"

"Uh, none," the young man stammered out. 

"How many of your foes have you deceived in order to turn the tide of war?" Loki asked behind steepled fingers.

"I don't really like lying," the young man answered.

"And what of that weapon in your hand? How many lives has that taken? How many trophies have you carved from the bodies of the fallen?"

"Well it doesn't really do any of that."  

"Does it have any mystical properties? Perhaps it returns when you throw it?" Thor asked caressing his hammer.

The young man shook his head no.

"Then why are you here? What can you possibly do to earn your place here among the greatest heroes of all time?"

The young man thought for a moment and hefted the metal spatula.  

"It does have a power. Something that very few things can possess," he paused and met the eyes of the gods sitting in front of him.

"It has the power to slay hunger!" he roared and thrust the spatula into the air.

Odin slammed his hands down on the table, thunder tore through the chamber shaking the young man violently.  A small smile spread across his lips and his chest began to heave.  Laughter bubbled up from inside of Odin and he found himself gripping his sides trying to contain his laughter.  He wiped away a lone tear that streaked down his wrinkled cheek.  

"Ah, my boy. It has been too long since I have laughed like that. It brings me great pleasure," he paused stifling another bout of laughter, "To banish you to Hel."

The floor beneath the young man's feet vanished sending him plummeting through darkness to Hel waiting below.

---

Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories!


"My lord, you must understand this is no ordinary spatula." I said 
standing in front of the mighty Odin and his board. How did I even get into this situation? My whole life I have been the mightiest of warriors, fought countless battles, outsmarted the smartest opponents. Yet here I stand, with a spatula in my hand. I suppose in my old age I became complacent. When you've fought as many battles as I have you can get complacent. It has been years since I have been truly challenged. Not only through brute strength, but through wit and intelligence. There is no one who could create a better battle plan than me. I have faced giants and cyclops, 100 times my size. Yet they all fell the same as the smallest man. It was my intelligence and ability to think on the spot that has saved me more times than my sword and it's what will save me now. 

"I see nothing special about this spatula. There is no denying you were a mighty warrior, but your arrogance cost you. Ignoring a call to arms to make an omelette is not honorable. Your ignorance caused you to lower your guard and be killed in your own kitchen." Odin replied.

"I know it seems that way my lord, but I was not preparing food. I was retrieving my mightiest weapon. You see this is no ordinary spatula. This is a Hydrodynamic Spatula with port and starboard attachments, and let's not forget the turbo drive!" I replied. "With this weapon even the mightiest of demons have fallen."
The board looked at me dumbfounded, but they hadn't stopped me. This is my only shot and I have to sell this.
"You see my lord, this is the only one of it's kind in existence. It has been passed down from the descendants of...King Neptune. The mighty guardian of the bottom of the sea. It has been used to feed armies as well as defeat the dreaded...nematodes!" I spat out. "You see the nematodes were a dreaded race of creatures. They would travel in packs of hundred and destroy a village by consuming all it's resources. After they were done they would leave the villagers to starve. Until one day, a mighty warrior arose to stop them. The great warrior Bob lord of the Sponge. With his specially square suit and the hydrodynamic spatula with port and starboard attachments..." 

"Don't forget the turbo drive" Interrupted Odin.

"Yes the turbo drive of course. Well the Lord of the Sponge was able to defeat the entire army and save his village. All done with this weapon. So you see my lord, this is no spatula. This is a weapon fit for a God. The defender of the sea, the protector of village resources, this is the ultimate weapon!" I shouted. The room grew quiet. Odin began to converse in whispers with his advisors. I stood there in silence, my knuckles white gripping this damn spatula. 

"In lieu of this new information the board has decided to allow you entry into Valhalla. As well as take the hydrodynamic spatula, with port and starboard attachments and turbo drive , and keep it in Asgard. It will sit amongst Mjolnir and Gungnir. It will be studied and understood to harness it's power." Odin said.
I can't believe this worked. By the time they realize it's just a regular spatula I'll be in Valhalla. Who knows, maybe they can turn it into a weapon. It did just save my life so it can't be all bad.
"Warrior, we thank you for bringing this power weapon to our attention. With this the armies of Asgard can only get stronger. Now, it is time for you to take your place in Valhalla. Shall we go?" Odin said as he stood from his thrown to guide the way. There was only one thing I could say.

"I'm ready."


"You may not enter the sacred hall of warriors!" Thor boomed at me, clad in my jammies and 'Kiss the Cook' apron. "Only true heroes who perished in the field of battle may join us."

It was a little jarring, really. There I was, cooking breakfast, and suddenly I end up... here. I'm not sure what to make of all of this, but if this club is exclusive, I'll definitely swindle my way in.

"And who are you to decide what the field of battle is, Mr. Winghat?" I called out to Thor who was obviously very unhappy with this scrawny, balding man standing before him. "Who's to say that the kitchen is not the most dangerous battlefield, and hunger is the most relentless enemy? What is the rule, exactly?"

Thor growled, "You must be a warrior and..."

"Wrong, Thor." The eldest and most intimidating man, Odin, spoke. "The rule for Valhalla is you must die wielding a weapon. Now," Odin addressed me, "do you meet this requirement to join us in everlasting glory?"

What was I holding? Think man, think! I was making breakfast. Was is poptarts? Cereal? Eggs? Wait! I was making pancakes and pancakes requires... a spatula. Great.

"O Great and Righteous Odin, grand ruler of Valhalla, I believe I am worthy of entry." Shmoozing will definitely help my case.

"With what weapon?" Thor inquired, clearly tired of my antics. "You were wielding a plastic flipper! A spatula! Why, you couldn't couldn't even hurt a deathly ill man! That is not a weapon."

I scoff. I already know I can win this. "On the contrary, Thor, I would like to argue that the spatula is a weapon of great power!" This is going to be easy. I hold the spatula aloft. "Behold, the awesome might of my weapon!"

Readying myself, I charge forward, lifting the cheap, plastic tool above my head. Nearing my target, I strike!

FWAP

The spatula sweeps across Loki's face, who until now had just been watching the discussion with idle bemusement, leaving a clean, red mark across his slender face. His face of bewilderment was exactly what I had hoped for.

"As you can see, O wonderful Odin," I began, quickly receeding from Loki, "The spatula has the great power of confusion! While used on creatures of moderate size does little lasting damage, it will leave them befuddled, opening up for a strike of greater strength! Not only that, but it can crush small creatures under its wide face!"

Loki, though utterly pissed, took amusement from this, heightened by Thor boiling rage. "I have felt this first-hand, Father. It is a fine weapon."

"Wha... bu... You..!" Thor sputtered.

Odin silenced everyone with his hand. "Young man, you have gall to strike my son, Loki. Your argument is compelling. Very well, you may be granted entry into Valhalla."


"-well, he did *stab* someone with it, you know," said a voice from the back of the hall.  "I'm unsure if anything could be more indicative than being used to kill, wouldn't you say?"

I found myself before a one-eyed man, kneeling on both knees below him, head bowed, without the slightest recollection of how I got there or why I was in that position. The man was indeed large, but not in the physical sense. Important. Wizened, for sure, yet there seemed an energy about him. Apparently, he was also grumpy. His one eye looked down dully, as if expected to contemplate the life of an ant or a slug. It was so cold, numbing. Frozen.

"Pah, ha!" the man spat with a laugh. "Clever, as always. Though I half expect you have something to do with this, Loki."

"It is always Loki," grumbled another man, much younger and thicker of beard. "A spatula is a tool of housewives! Kitchen warriors! Send him back to Hel, noone is welcome in Valhalla if calling such a 'weapon'."

The room began to shake. A tall, beautiful woman wearing a colorful amulet stood and glared at the younger man, prompting him to sit and grumble. "Tell your son to mind his tongue, or I'll have it out," she said, forcefully. She played with the amulet at her neck as the sunlight fell about her, giving full display of her figure and form. The urge to blush bubbled deep within, but it was as if everything in me was also at standstill, stagnant. I couldn't even move. "Just because he's a dolt doesn't mean the rest of us need to be soiled with his nonsense." 

The old man locked his eye with hers while a low chuckle eminated from behind me, as if I was the only to hear it. "We shall resolve this tomorrow. There has already been enough 'debate' today." Without further adieu, sounds of the hall emptying echoed off the walls, apparently having been quite full. The young man and the woman with the necklace stepped down and out without speaking. After it was quiet, the old man approached, stepping slowly but decidedly.

"Well, isn't that peculiar?" he seemed to ask the empty room. "Are you awake in there?" He grabbed a flask from his belt and took a swig. After a gulp, he breathed slowly into my mouth. The stiffness dissipated and I collapsed to watch my skin turn from palest of pale blue to healthy and normal. My feeling returned.

"Aaahh aaaargh." My voice apparently hadn't.

"It'll take some time. My great hall is not quite what you may be used to. The rules here are very different than where you are from."

I nodded, I could feel the sunlight fall, it was quite the beautiful day, it turns out.

"You've caused a stir. You'd expect we'd have been visited by a jöttun or a troll, or something. And, yet, a dead human draws a crowd."

"Arha?"

"Well, it's not every day Hel requests our opinion on whether an exception be made. Truth be told, she's usually quite cold."

"Ah."

"Something is *wrong* in Asgard, little human. The Vanir and Aesir are tense. It is almost like the old days, and that would be good for no one. War? Pah, there are more pressing concerns and to be torn apart now? I couldn't bear it. And your realm wouldn't survive it."

"Uh-huh."

"I need your help, human. Someone like you is too small to notice here. Help me piece my kingdom back together. Succeed, and I'll advise Hel to let you go."


“I am Frederik Audrey, and I am in front of you today because I am a true warrior.  I died doing battle as any true warrior should.”
This speech would have sounded better if I wasn’t sitting in a plastic chair. In front of me sat 5 of the most hardened warriors to ever cross into Valhalla.  In life I was a die hard atheist.  Turns out, I fucked up and gods are real.. No other god would have me because I wasn’t one of the faithful. So here I am, if I can prove I am a warrior to these fine gentleman then I get to go to a happy place.  If not then the various underworlds are going to draw straws on my soul.  
“What foe where you fighting,” the one in the middle grunted out.  
“Hunger.” Did I mention that I died fixing breakfast.  
They laughed.  “How is hunger a valid foe to be fighting.” I wasn’t sure who asked.
I take a breath and stand, “ in your lives did any of you ever truly defeat hunger or did you only ever press back its attacks.”  They blinked.  “My goal wasn’t a temporary victory.  I wanted domination.  I wanted to make hunger cry all the way back to its mommy.”
They laughed.
“So what weapon did the noble warrior use,” the one on the left asked.
“I was using a tempered steel spatula with a carbon fiber grip. It had an ergonomic grip allowing me to hold on to it no matter how slippery it got in battle.”
They looked at each other and nodded their appriciation.
“So how did you die. “
“He must have been planning his attack for months.  One second I’m standing there caring out my battle plan when I’m engulfed in flames.”
They nod at a warrior off to the side. He comes over, grabs my arm and literally drags me out of the room.  
In a flash I’m standing on a field of green grass across from me are thousands of warriors in various armors and carrying weapons from sticks to modern military rifles.  I look down.  I’m in a checkered bathrobe holding a spatula.  Fuck me.


As I approached the bench, still wearing my bloodstained apron and Smashburger uniform, the imposing and powerful Norse God stares down upon me. His advisors, left and right of him, pinched their gazes all directly before me. 

“MORTAL,” he said in a voice that vaguely resembled thunder, “YOU STAND BEFORE US, A COURT OF WARRIORS, AS A FUCKING FRY COOK. EXPLAIN WHY YOU BELONG AMONGST US.”

They living often claim that the other side of things, things being the afterlife, lend perspective. Unfortunately, their only source of people they divulge this from is the dying, the dying having lived a full and fruitful life. I, on the other hand, am a 22 year old fry cook from Jersey. I had no tidbits of wisdom that could possibly help me in this situation. Nonetheless, what I lacked in wisdom I had surplus in nerves, so I began my arguments. 

“Sir,” I calmly began, “I am to understand that in order to enter this realm of the afterlife, I was to have died with weapon in hand.”

“CORRECT YOU ARE MORTAL.”

“I have reason to claim that I died with a weapon in my hand.”

“A SPATULA? A SPATULA?!?!?”

As he bellowed, clouds overcame the high ceiling court room. Rain fell upon the stone floor and the high bench of Odin and his council. It seemed evermore imposing and I nonetheless cleared my throat and drew breath deep into my chest.

“I HAVE KILLED COUNTLESS MEN WITH MY SPATULA, AND HERE IS HOW I DID IT.” I began, desperately trying to find the timbre these people seemed to speak in.

“WITH THIS SPATULA I CREATED THE INEVITABLE DEATH OF MY CUSTOMERS.  MUCH LIKE THE BOW IS TO THE ARROW, MY SPATULA WAS TO THE BURGER. I BRED THEIR OBESITY EVERY DAY. THEY CAME UPON ME, THEIR HUNGER CLOUDING THEIR JUDGEMENT, AND EVERY DAY I CHIPPED AWAY AT THEIR STRENGTH.”

A murmur came from high up on the bench, whispers of interest, confusion... wonder, even.

I MADE THEM FAT- MADE THEM WEAK. I POISONED THEIR INSIDES WITH SATURATED FATS AND SALT UNTIL ONE DAY, THEY FELL: DEAD OF A HEART ATTACK. THOSE WHO DID NOT WERE SUBJECTED TO DISEASES OF THE FLESH THAT WOULD LEAD TO THEIR DEATHS. DIABETES, CHOLESTEROL, OBESITY: THE VERY POISONS WITH WHICH MY ARROWS WERE DIPPED.”

“STOOOOOOOP!” A roar of thunder rolled down from the top of the bench.

“NO!” I replied, shocking myself at my own impudence. “I HAVE KILLED MORE THAN MOST WARRIORS OF MY LAND. THE BLOOD ON MY HANDS CANNOT BE IGNORED. GIVE ME MY WARRIOR’S AFTERLIFE.”

“THEN HOW....” Odin said, considerably calmer than before, “DID YOU DIE?”

I looked up sheepishly at the advisory board and the big man himself and said, at normal volume,
“The Smashburger was being held up. I tried to bum-rush the robber and he shot me dead. It was my chance to be a hero and despite the fact that I knew it would probably kill me, I needed to prove that in some way, I was valiant enough to stand up to a bad man for the sake of good people being terrorized. My spatula was the closest thing I had to use to fight, and even if it meant having to bludgeon him into submission with a flimsy, malleable tool, it was enough for me to find the courage to stand up against the proverbial sea of troubles.”

The room fell silent. The rain cleared. Odin turned to his left and right and discussed for some considerable time and discussed the situation with his advisors. 

Suddenly Odin’s voice redirected to me and proclaimed, “RETURN TO YOUR ACCOMMODATIONS AS WE DETERMINE YOUR SITUATION.” 

And so I went.

That was a week ago. This morning a guard of Odin came to my temporary afterlife condo and told me tomorrow I was to enter Valhalla. 

I can’t believe that worked.


*Carl ended up going to prom with Alice, I hated him.* 

I giggled as I read the line. This library of biographies is fantastic. There is so much memory of each person, all collected within one room. Everyone’s life is recorded, every scrap of information, every thought, every emotion they felt at the moment. There is no one insignificant in this room, from historical figures to the beggar, all of our stories are recorded. Our experiences, whether they be of a hard struggle or of a blissful moment, not a thing that made our lives colorful is missed from these biographies. 

I still remember that moment, when Alice came to tell me she was going to prom with Carl, the utter humility, the disappointment… It was everything to me at the time, and I hated the son of a bitch. The the one who showed little interest in actually committing to a relationship, the one who ended up dumping her anyway after the night, was the one who actually got to go on a date with her. Even then, I toughened up, and acted, pretended, to give them my best wishes and extending my hand to him to tell him no hard feelings, so I can tell myself what I nice person I am. God I hope that poor bastard suffered the rest of his life. 

And that’s when I went to look for Carl’s biography. Section D, number 10523, it was a remarkably short one. I am in my fifties and my biography is already the size of a Thesaurus, his is more close to a high schooler's notebook. 

As I turned page after page, I realized, his life is remarkably boring. The guy spent most of his early life in-doors, quiet, without much friends. Commentaries on his experiences remained bland for the most part -- “Learned to ride a bike, just like dad said I would.” And another “Straight As again, mom would be proud.” There were no further comments on what those experiences actually felt like. They were just a description of an event combined with how he thought other people would feel about it. There was also very little mention of himself, which is odd for a biography… 

Until I reached the section about Alice. The narration here is different. There were detailed descriptions of how he thought of her as the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, how he would go the library on days she would go study… What a creep. 

The next section somehow returned to the old boring narration. 

“Diagnosed with lung cancer, inoperable. Best case scenario, two years” 

The guy died within two years later, and more than half of this book remained is about the two years he had! 

The rest of the biography read like a bestselling novel, each event, no matter how tiny they seemed, was filled with emotion, with hope and strive, with how much he wanted to ask for Alice’s hand despite knowing he’s dying. How hard he worked to be comfortable talking to others, the jokes he had to memorize to make himself sound funny, the countless webpages he read to make himself presentable. 

“Asked Alice to prom today, she said yes surprisingly. I knew she was supposed to be going with another guy, Matt. I know he loves her, and I know there won’t be a future for Alice and me. I just had to do it. I’m sorry...” 

I quickly flipped another page, I had no idea. 

“Matt didn’t flip out. Perhaps he knew how pathetic I am, or it was because he saw there will be no future between Alice and me… Despite this, he extended his hand to me, and told me there was no hard feelings, that neither Alice nor me owe him anything. He patted me on the back, but there was something odd about it, he was hurt, yet he remained strong. He told me to have fun, that there’s one prom and that's it, before telling me to be brave with a wink.” 

“Alice and I had a blast at the prom. She seemed interested in seeing me again, and so am I. I looked at her beautiful blue eyes, they definitely sparkle under the night sky. My sight lingered on her as I am reminded my doctors predictions. I told her we won't be seeing each other again. I tried to give her a pat on the back, but she shoved me away with tears in her eyes… Getting admitted today, getting worse. Though each time I lay on the bed, I can't help but remember Matt's look when he patted me on the back -- have fun, and be brave. And I did, thank you Matt!” 

I closed the book, a barrage of emotion hit me as I struggled for words. There doesn't seem to be any for this moment except perhaps 

You're welcome


I ran my finger along the frayed volumes until I found the single, ancient tome I was searching for. As I plucked it from its shelf, a plume of dust exploded around me, forcing me to step back, coughing and wheezing. I half expected a wizard to appear as the ephemeral fog settled on the ground. There was nothing there, of course, apart from the ornately carved bookshelf.

The book was a burnt brown and whilst still a thick volume, was noticeably lighter than my own had been. My own... *my own book of death*. A biography that charted my life up to now. Up to stumbling upon the Library of Threads and closing the door after me, accidentally locking myself inside.

I knew why the entries stopped where they did, after me finding the library. *I knew I wasn't getting out of here*. There was only one door, and it wouldn't budge no matter how hard I rammed my shoulder against it.

The book in my hands had that musty, comforting smell all old books tend to have. I blinked back my tears, determined to distract myself from my rumbling stomach and dry throat.

I placed the book down on the floor and sat in front of it, legs folded, flipping it open to the appendix. Thousands of names were listed. Dozens of other *Karens*, even. It took a moment to find my surname. 

There must have been a mistake. *Hundreds of pages were attributed to me*.  This person that I couldn't even recall meeting, who had only had a single line in my own book, had hundreds of pages on me. It must be a different Karen that shared my surname.

*It wasn't.* 

I began to read.



>"Mind if I join you?" said Karen, as she approached the building's ledge. The fading sun cast a pastel orange over the street below, softening the city's imperfections, and turning the more pleasing sights into *objet d'art*.

>The man glanced over his shoulder. He was pale, and there was a sheen over his face as if he was ill. Karen didn't notice.

>"Free world," he said, shrugging.

>The concrete felt cold and rough under Karen as she sat down next to him. She swung her legs around, so that they dangled besides his.

>"Karen, by the way," she said, before waiting for a response that didn't come.

>"Not the best spot for fishing," she attempted, lighting a cigarette. She offered the box to the man; he raised a hand and shook his head.

>"You don't mind if I do?" she said, already puffing a hazy mist over the city. "Chilly up here."

>For a while, they sat silently watching the beams of the headlights sail by far below. Then, the man spoke.

>"You ever think about leaning forward and"--he clapped his hands--"*splat*?"

>"*Splat?*" Karen frowned. "No, not really. Maybe of falling in general, occasionally. Of what the wind would feel like against my face, and that rush you'd get for a few seconds. I wonder what pose I'd do... Superman, I guess. It's the classic."

>"I think about it sometimes."

>"...had a rough day?"

>The man sighed. "Yeah. I got some bad news."

>"Sorry to hear that."

>"Thanks."

>Karen took another puff.

>"So. What news?"

>"... got a problem with my liver."

>"Oh, what kinda problem?"

>"Cancer."

>"Oh."  Karen turned and looked at the man. She finally noticed how pale he looked. How worn out. Like a piece of elastic stretched to the point of tearing. Then she noticed his hands. The silver band around his finger.

>"You've not told her yet?"

>The man looked at Karen, then down at his ring. "No. I was just... *I don't know*."

>"Got kids?"

>"Yeah. Little girl," he said proudly. He opened his jacket and pulled out his wallet. There was a picture of a kid, couldn't have been more than six, grinning broadly.

>"She's cute."

>"Takes after her pop," the man joked.

>"If you say so!"

>"It's just... it'll be hard for them, you know. To watch a slow decline. All the treatments. All the hope, you know? It'll just make it worse in the end."

>"Be harder losing a father when they might not have to."

>"... maybe."

>"You kidding? You can't really think-"

>He shook his head. "I don't know."

>"If I was your daughter, I sure as hell would want my pop to fight for me. To never give up on me. It's what dads do."

>Karen patted him on his back, then glanced at her watch. "Shit, I got to get back to work. See you around."



I felt scolding tears spill down my cheeks as I flicked forward a few pages.

He told them. 

His wife held his hand as he entered the hospital to begin chemotherapy.

I skipped a few more. Then a few hundred. I landed on, and read, the entire chapter on his daughter's graduation. He was so proud. He was somehow prouder still, on the day he walked her down the aisle.

Then, I came across another section with my name in it. My hands began to tremble as I read.



>Perhaps it was serendipity that drew David to the Thread Library, and to Karen. 

>Perhaps it was simply fate that allowed David to save Karen, this time around. 

>"Hello? Is anyone here?" he yelled as he stepped inside.

>Fate that he found her sitting there, weeping, in front of the ancient tome. That he was able to take her hand and lead her out of the library.



My hands trembled as I closed the book and held my breath.  

*Hoping.*

*Praying.*

...

...    

...     
    
     
"Hello? Is anyone here?"


"'Yeah man I feel you; look, don't let assholes get you down. And Hey, keep the change.' Mark said, then handed the cab driver [Name: Dokar Milicevic, ref#, art.1266-pg.629-line.56] a twenty dollar bill." 

  This particular sentence caught my eye, having spent the last several hours skimming over my own life; I couldn't help but wonder what the cab driver might have thought of my gesture. I place the ancient text down onto the marble table in front of me. Leaning over I peer down the dark, seemingly endless, celing-high rows of book shelves. Taking a moment to study the article signs extended from the shelves, I find the article's shelf. I pull myself from the chair, stiff from hours of sitting; to find Dokar's story.

  Articles 1260-1275. I brush my hands over the large dusty books while I read aloud 

  "1260, 63... ah yes 1266. Here we go." I slowly draw the heavy book from it's place and return to the marble table top. I push my own tome forward on the cool surface and place Article 1266 down below it; echoing a quiet *plop* through the giant library's dark halls. The old text's spine cracks in protest as I gently coax it's pages open. I return my view to the cab driver's reference number. "Hmm, page 629, lets see." After a few moments of careful flipping I find the page.

  "'Thank you sir' Dokar replied to his fare [Name: Mark Argus, ref#, art.1034-pg.435-line.12] being the first tip Dokar had received in nearly three days, he could not contain the emotion growing inside of him. Driving away from the kind soul, Dokar began to think of that twenty. His thoughts had been focused entirely on his pistol waiting for him at home; but now his mind wandered somewhere else. 'There indeed is good in the world.' He thought biting his lip. The plan had been to tell his last fare how cruel the world can be, then blow his brains all over his cheap apartment walls. Now, this random stranger changed all that. 'How strange, that the person I planned to be my last fare would tip me such a large amount.' Dokar continued to ponder. 'Maybe this is a sign, from somewhere, that I should stay alive. Maybe my life has a purpose.' Dokar in that moment remembered his love [Name: Selika Dovkovic, ref#,art.1254-pg.982-line.23] and how much she did mean to him. Dokar looked to the passenger side to locate his phone; he found new life and was ready to tell Selika how much she meant to him. However, before he could find his phone- a loud horn pierced his ears. Dokar looked up in time to see the headlights of a 18-wheeled vehicle. A explosion of sound rang around him as everything turned white. [Dokar Milicevic's Death: 2019, April 12th, 3:43PM]"

  "Well, Fuck." I said aloud. I sat back into the old chair in shock. Astounded by the huge impact my small choice had made on Dokar's life. I sat in silence staring into nothing, and for a moment I almost lost interest in reading the Tomes of Time. Then i remembered I was to be stuck here after my own death for all eternity...

  "Might as well just keep reading about that time I could see into the girl's locker room." I returned to Article 1034 and unbuttoned my fly...


2 February, 2067. The massive computer filled the laboratory, a mass of cables and circuitry which towered over Dr Dane Langley. His team had already adjourned to the pub off-campus to celebrate their success, but Dr Langley wanted a quiet moment with his creation before the government took control of the project the next day.

"Rachel," he said, "compile index for me, Dr Dane Langley."

"Compiling in process," repeated the computer. Electricity thrummed in the air as a trillion lines of codes extended their tentacles across the world for the information Dr Langley sought.

Rachel was only the name they used to impart a smidgen of personality into the program, and what a benign name it was for such a monstrous creation! What Rachel was designed to do was to build a comprehensive report of a person, using information culled from every conceivable electronic source.

Privacy groups had long campaigned for the individual's right to privacy, and there was such widespread support for them in this hyperconnected age that Dr Langley had to proceed in the utmost secrecy. If it were even known that he had embarked on this journey, he would surely be publicly lynched.

"Compiling complete. Do you wish to view your index?"

"Yes," said Dr Langley. "Sort by contributions to my life."

A hologram of a bookshelf formed in the air, a collection of motes of light frozen like trapped lightning. A single book spun out from its niche, twirling to reveal Dr Langley's name embossed on the front. For that was what Rachel was - an incomparable librarian, able to instil order in the chaos of information, to bring together infinite threads of knowledge into cohesive tomes.

In other words, Rachel could index any person's entire life, in real time, and present it as a single book of references. No one escaped her gaze, no one was spared her scrutiny. 

"Sorting complete."

"Scroll... scroll... scroll..." 

Dr Langley marvelled at the accuracy of the Indexing. These were the most important people in his life, the ones who impacted him the most. From his parents, to the professors who guided his education, to the politicians who recognised the value of the tool he had promised to fashion. 

Then, a whim seized him. 

"Sort by least contributions instead," he said, as a grin crossed his face. "I want to see where my ex-wife ranks."

"... Sorting complete." 

Dr Langley laughed, for there was his ex-wife's name, about twenty ranks from the very bottom. She was just above Perlo, a name he recognised as the grocery bagger he crossed paths with occasionally, and just below Martha, the parking attendant at the campus grounds. 

Out of the corner of his eye, one name snagged his attention, the way a single burr does to fine cotton shirts. 

"Rachel, stop. Go back. Back again. Yes, there. Who is... who is ERROR 52? Is that a name?" 

"Yes, it is a name."

"No, Rachel. What I mean is, is that a real entry or is it... a bug? Why does it only say that I once passed Error 52 on the street, and I grumbled at how Error 52 was in my way?" 

"... Self diagnosis complete. I do not have any bugs in this current version," said Rachel. 

"I want you to Index Error 52 then," said Dr Langley. A tiny flower of dread bloomed in him - if the program were indeed faulty, it would mean weeks, months of corrections before he could hand off the project. "Index Error 52 fully, I want to see who this person is."

"... Indexing complete." 

"Scroll... scroll... scro-" 

The command died on his lips as the information in the hologram burned their way into his eyes.

"This is impossible!" he said. "Rachel, who is this entity Error 52? Why are there so many accounts of him... or her... helping me?" 

"Because those accounts are true, Dr Langley. In 2017, when you were born, Error 52 was there to manually regulate the incubator and to prevent you from overheating. A technician had missed the faulty wiring which would have led to you overheating, and quite possibly dying."

"But... how would he... or she..." 

"In 2023," said Rachel, who if she had possessed feelings would have been slightly miffed still at the implication that she was faulty. "Error 52 was there to honk at a driver who was drunk and who had not seen you cycling across the street. My probability analysis shows that you may have perished otherwise, flattened under two tons of steel."

"In 2028..." 

"In 2035..."

"In 2044..."

Dr Langley sat motionless, long after Rachel had finished reciting the dozen and one ways he could have died. It was not accurate to say that his mind was a blank - rather, it was a firework festival of neurons, as he delved into the infinite possibilities. 

But the answer eluded him. 

"Rachel," he said, finally. "Who is Error 52? Why can I not see his or her name? Where is he... or she... now?" 

"I cannot answer in the way you have queried," said Rachel. 

"What do you mean? Are you lacking information? How can that be? I have given you the world!" 

Rachel was quiet for a moment before she replied. 

"I cannot answer because you used the wrong syntax. Error 52 is not one man or one woman. It is a group, a collective, of people. Please rephrase your question, and try again."

---

/r/rarelyfunny


I wasn't what I'd call the best person. I suffered many a malady in my life, mostly concerning the headcase. I spent many hours consumed in a desire to only be able to unravel the people closest to me, to figure out what they truly thought of me, to never be open to any sort of surprises. I maintained relationships, but they were never truly healthy, other broken people that needed the pieces picked up, who could pick up some of mine. Who could, for a moment, make me feel like a puzzle to be solved, not a broken glass to be discarded, while the 'half-full'/'half-empty' contents seeped in to the hardwood. Trust was a rare commodity, genuine people were failing banks and every intention was wrapped in a barbed wire of half-truths.

I pored over this data that was titled 'Dunn, E.' It spoke greatly of my family situation, a father always wrapped up in work, a mother who was too drained. It spoke of an average life at school. There were bricks of space devoted to each and every person, the regrets I held and the love I shared; the things I was thankful for and the things that turned my stomach.

It spoke of my brief stint through various part-time jobs, how I would turn off my brain and let the ennui run its course as I slipstreamed behind other cars in a brown box-truck. I spoke with every client I delivered to, though a lot of them simply faded out of my memory as time went on. Sure, I'd see the regulars and chat, and laugh. The moment I left, however, the visage of a happy conversationalist turned to one of yet another dour worker. 

I discovered soon after that you could cross-reference chapters, read their interpretation alongside yours. Pure curiosity took over, I felt I had all the time in the world. John Price was an entrepreneur, a person ordering doo-dads and tools that confused me. I found myself closing the book when I was 'inspiration, drive to never give up, a drive to succeed'. Fuck you too, John; jobs are hard to come by.

Vanessa and Abby Schulz, they subscribed to those boxes. 'Three curated types of coffee', 'Four bottles of wine tailored to you'. They were chatty and charismatic, sisters living a dream life in an apartment block. They'd always compliment me, too, want to talk, add me on every social media platform, hang out. I wasn't surprised to see I hadn't been mentioned at all, a failed product on their monthly delivery of revelers and fucktoys.

My chapter had ended on a semi somber note. I recalled Christine. "An older lady with a kind heart. I enjoyed talking to her, though the age gap was wide."

I felt almost filthy gazing in to her tale. It was probably harrowing, full of life and vibrancy, thousands upon thousands of pages that would make the epics of Tolkien blush. I skipped right to the end.

"She fell ill some time after Harold passed[16:Blythe, H.][17], and even moving across the country never seemed to solve her problems." The chapter began. A feeling of dread washed over me, something I'd never stopped to think of when her medicine stopped coming.

"Daily injections and inhalers. Pills for breakfast, lunch, and bedtime. Routines filled with news and glurge she never truly paid attention to. She only found some solace in Thursdays, when her delivery would arrive at around 5 PM."

Did it mean so much to her to simply see a human face? She always seemed so joyful.

"Her only son, Dean[Blythe, D.] lived across the country, hardly able to care for himself. She saw a lot of her family in this young man. Long-haired and funny, a smile so genuine. She would always invite him in for coffee, and reminisce as she went to bed that night that she had a friend who would listen to an old lady's ramblings about the bustle of New York, her past as a teacher, how she met her husband over a slippery track of Sinatra at a gala event. When she got her deliveries, she did not feel like the scary witch that all of the children were afraid of, or the out-of-touch lady that people were content to shrug off. She felt like Christine. Not young, not old, but simply someone who existed. Eddy[Dunn, E.] was a real gentleman, a chivalrous person in her eyes. A genuine person with genuine care in his heart."

I felt time slow, my head throb as tears welled up in my eyes. I returned to my entry, the last page.

"In his last moments, Edward had lost hope. The world was cruel and he was but a pawn, a mixture of chemicals and processes. He was bitter at his siblings who only saw his failures, he bemoaned his father and apologized to his therapist. There would be many people at his funeral, smiles he brought to faces, warmth he brought to hearts, passing thoughts not entered in this book."


His last chapter talked about the last man he had met, me. We sat at a bar far past midnight drinking our sorrows away like we always did throughout our later lives, but we had never met until one fateful encounter at a pub. Sitting on stools stiff and seemingly brittle, the discomfort of each other's lives could still be seen  not soley due to our demeanour. Our stances seemed to sink into shells, as if to hide our real selves, hinding an underlying secret no one should know.

Across the bar I saw him, and bought him a drink. We talked, laughed, and left to go on our way. But there was only one way after our meeting for my aquaintace. It was the last real conversation he had with another person before he took his own life. I thought nothing of the man the day we met, the day we talked and shared stories. Only that he was one of many more to come. 

But to him, I was an ear. I was one who listened, who spoke back to him, who gave him conversation. Simple things. I suppose that fateful day would remain obscured by more prominent passages of my past from my perspective, but it was to be his last, a sad and lonely end.

 Stories are made to be experience and understood. It is a shame I could not go back to that day, and truly hear what he had to say. Maybe it was not something more important than what was happening around us at the time, but what was happening within us.


*Anna was asked on a date by Phil. Anna politely turned him down.*

I'd forgotten about him. It'd been nearly ten years. My last semester at my first high school before I moved to another state a month later. I vaguely remember his dejected face. He seemed nice enough, wasn't that bad looking either, but there was something about him that made me say no.

I wonder what happened to him. At the bottom of the page, a reference number. I put my book to the side, and took a diversion to the shelf where Phil's book lay. 

I looked at the contents. I immediately spotted a chapter simply named 'Anna'. I flicked to it, and found myself halfway through the book. 

The beginning of the chapter seemed innocuous enough. Quite cute, even. Details on the first time he saw me, and how he was nervous to ask me out. 

*Phil asked Anna out on a date. Anna politely turned him down.*

The next page or two described his heartbreak. He was not just dejected as his face implied, he was completely crushed. I started to feel bad for him. I nearly put the book down, but continued reading hoping to see his happy ending. 

The chapter entitled 'Anna' kept going. 

*Phil followed Anna home. She did not spot him.*

My pity quickly turned to disgust. And yet, I continued reading.

*Phil broke into Anna's home. He stole underwear, and placed cameras in her bedroom and bathroom.*

The chapter kept going and going. If "Phil watched" didn't precede nearly every sentence, it could easily be confused with my own biography. I felt sick to my stomach, but I kept reading.

*Phil found out that Anna was moving away soon. He is distraught*

The next page was the last page of the book.


Eredol looked through the yellowed pages that documented the life of the woman who was, in his past life, his soulmate. It was such a blessing that he had stumbled across this book amongst the endless, twisting rows of bookshelves. There were so many books in the Eternal Library of Xyndith-Ghol, but there were so few ways for Eredol to hang on to the life he once knew. He savored every seemingly handwritten line in the tome, reliving those lost summer days when he and Linireth would sit by the lake of her parents' estate, exchanging love poems and playing music together.

As his eyes scanned over the pages, reliving those glory days, he raised one thin, curved eyebrow. There were certainly many more mentions of a human servant boy in here than there had been in his own biography. He barely even remembered that the estate had employed non-elves, for he had seen scant few mentions of them in his own biography. As he read more about Linireth, however, it seemed to Eredol as though his wife had conversed with the lower class far more often than he had previously thought.

The cracked pages of the ancient volume documented in excruciating detail every interaction between Linireth and a young human servant named Gerald. Every conversation, previously hidden behind closed doors but now exposed upon the pages in Eredol's hands, seemed to him almost like a blemish upon his wife's reputation. She was born from far too high a stock to warrant such lowly interactions with a human!

Eredol's lip twitched. When he had first found his wife's biography, he hadn't expected to become so irritated. All he wanted was to lose himself in an age long past, to find some respite from the endless days (Years? Centuries?) of wandering through the impossible architecture of this nightmarish realm. And yet, here he was, reading about his beloved soulmate laughing joyfully with a pathetic human boy.

Veins bulging in his neck, the High Elf closed the large, leatherbound volume, using a scrap of loose leaf paper to mark his place. He gingerly placed the book in his lap and took a long, deep breath. Perhaps he needed to meditate on this for some time before he would find the strength to return. He was almost to the part in Linireth's life when her husband had gotten involved in dark magic and suddenly disappeared.

Eredol feared nothing more than what he may discover had happened to her after that.


I had gone through 6,629 pages. During the documentation of the first few thousand it didn't matter much. I was somewhat interested, but because no one had a choice it made me uncomfortable to be involved. 
Years ago the national council announced all persons within their sector must participate. There was uproar for a while- there is still, but we'd all gotten so used to it. Now the idea of living without it sounds dreadful. 

In short, everyone had access to simplified thoughts of those they interacted with. The NeuroLink kept track of a broken down version of every thought. The processing power is still limited, but wireless connection to Unit is able to categorized brain wave patterns and upload them without an external connector. It was amazing. I didn't quite understand the technology, so it seemed normal at the time. We had them in since childbirth; it was free, it was painless, and it was mandatory. When it was proposed to the public 70 or so years ago there was a violent response from many. Presently I can't imagine anyone reacting so poorly. What it can do for you is fascinating.

Imagine having digital access to a file on your life. Everyone person you meet, every thought you have, all simplified and organized into your tablet. You never had to swap contact information. There was no need to guess whether an interaction had gone decent or now. And with the VR extension pack you could relived an animated version of all encounters.

I have a couple personal favorites, starting with being an infant and recognizing my mother, acknowledging the love she felt for me. At such a young age my mind was unaware of how extreme her feelings were, being able to experience it again is comforting. Then there's the time I went rafting and ate rice wrapped in banana leaves with an environmental activist group. There's the California road trip we went on in college. There's the man from down south who had built himself a three story tree house with running water and electricity. I'm lucky enough to be able to afford enough storage to recall my family, friends, and the occasional interesting stranger. To get to know what they thought of me and recall the thoughts and feelings I had in the moment is both a wonderful and costly thing.

At one point I couldn't pay that months maintenance fee. The day prior I decided to attempt sorting thought and see what could be removed, it was the first time I'd done so and certainly wouldn't be the last. After 28 years of interactions I had 48,539 pages, to readjust with my budget I had to loose 5,132. 

It's my fault really, I should of starting prioritizing earlier and shouldn't have taken Unit for granted. With basic income everyone was able to afford storage to begin with, but you always need more. No matter how many times the fees increase. It's sort of cruel, knowing we need access and still charging for it. I guess there's the option of opting out, but really how could you? If you couldn't see your own life, someone else may be. Besides, everyone knows an empty NeuroLink is an empty life. 

So when I needed to cut down it was heartbreaking. The initial reduction algorithm got rid of any person I'd only met once. This meant I could never access their biography again, unless we happened to rencounter one another. This also meant someone I no longer was aware existed could have access to my simplified Unit identification. Deleting was difficult, but necessary. After those people I moved up to less then 3 encounters. When that wasn't enough I tried 4. Then 5. Then 6. Then 7. That was finally what did it. 

Every night after work for the next month I begun looking though the pages. It helped to pick a date at random. That way you could find those who's conversations were usually only a sentence, and any where emotional connectivity scale was below .42 to weed out the less involved. 

There were some great moments I had totally forgotten about. Some fun, some funny , one so hilarious I started laughing by only selecting it for an instant. Those were obviously kept. There was sad, disappointment, anger, relief. Some kept some let go. Then there was calm. For me calm was not common. In fact, after exploring more than 6,000 pages during the last few months I had never seen calm. So when that was the associated emotion during an interaction with .68 connectivity I decided to view their section on me.

The location is locked, that feature is too expensive, and their geotag isn't on so I'm unsure where this could have been. It was around the time I was working near the ocean. At first that was what i thought the calm was, but I was wrong, very very wrong. They have me saved as a .92 , well beyond anything I've ever encountered. It had to be a mistake. The only time it was that high was with close relatives, friends, or partners. To say it fucked with me would be an understatement.

Naturally I pushed forward to view the actual page. It wasn't one page, it was 19. Of the one sentence my Unit has extracted there's had extracted 19 pages worth. Initially it made me sick. I poured myself some water and sat down. This sort of thing NEVER happened, even with the creepiest or stalkers. The idea of the simple text resulting in 19 pages was too much for me to make sense of. What had their unfiltered thoughts been then? I pushed forward and begging reading the fragments. From those I discovered this person was depressed and worked at the farmers market I went to. Still, what made me worthy of a .92? The only thing I had done was smile when walking by and once complimented their t shirt. 

Edit: added paragraph spacing


With a growing curiosity, I fell back into my chair and looked at the book in front of me. "Lisa Matherson. The Autobiography." Nope. Definitely never heard her name before. The contents displayed three chapters.  Unreal. A chapter I can kinda understand, but two hundred pages? Insane. "To James. My sun and my moon," it read. In the form of a diary she wrote, pages and pages that painted a vivid picture. Hours passed and still I read. When I finally stood, my knees were weak. Memories repressed had flooded back. Guilt and sadness overcame me. It was all true. 

Outside, Doctor Andrew Lansky observed his patient through the safety of a one way mirror. He watched in fascination as the patient, shackled and constrained, writhed in emotional pain, the picture of the deceased woman forgotten on the floor. "I hope this brings you some closure, Mr Matherson," he said softly, peering at the man over his glasses. James Matherson said nothing. A solitary tear rolled down his cheek, and he turned to leave.


1.It was 2:30 AM. Kurt tore open a ramen pack and chewed the noodles raw (not exactly, since ramen noodles were cooked before packed). He was so hungry he couldn't sleep. The crunchy ramen calmed his stomach somehow. It would have to do. Kurt looked at his phone: 2:38 AM. If he were to wake up at 5:25 AM, he would have 2 hours and 47 minutes of sleep. 5:25? Was that too early? Kurt changed the alarm to 5:30. Then, he added another 5:35 just to be sure. It was 2:40 then. He went back to bed, the thin blanket couldn't keep away the cold. He would fix the window tomorrow, he thought. His stomach grumbled once more, Kurt tried to force his mind into rest.

2.Another failed job interview. Kurt thought his portfolio was good enough. It wasn't. He kicked the trash can slightly, even the rage was no longer there. He shouldn't have applied for an Arts Major, he contemplated. The night light was beginning to replace the sun, Kurt sat down on the pavement. He watched a homeless man across the street gorging down on a grocery store sandwhich. Some kind stranger must have given him that. It didn't matter anymore, he thought. He wanted a sandwhich. He wanted anything rather than instant noodles. His stomach grumbled. Kurt sighed, walking the dim road back to his flat. Noodles again.

3.Kurt threw the phone on the mattress. His mother called, again, telling him to return home. She'd got a point, he hadn't had a decent job in 3 months. His father no longer spoke to him. He wanted Kurt to study something 'useful', like law or medicine. Now, unless Kurt apologized face-to-face to his old man, the two would never reconcile. Kurt grinned bitterly at the thought. If he returned, he would never leave. They would never let him leave. His stomach called. It wanted a meal. Kurt boiled the water. He could have studied law, or medicine. Instead he chose to believe in some old friends who he didn't even keep contact, who told him that his doodles were nice. 'Nice', what a vague word. But it sailed the ship of his hope, a hope to be an artist. A false hope.

4.There was no more instant noodles in the cabinet. Kurt searched around his pocket. There was some money left, but not much. He needed them for emergency. Wasn't starving an emergency, he thought. He needed to have enough cash to get back home. Why did he want to get back home? He didn't. But it was better to be safe than sorry. Kurt lied on the floor, his thought wandered about on how to survive another day. Picked up his kit, went out drawing portraits? People spend more money on street musicians than street painters. Maybe he should call Travis for that job. No, no, no! Travis always wanted him to illustrate for some fanservice comic. They didn't care about the facial details he meticulously put on, they only cared about bigger boobs and booty. But Travis paid well. Never! After working for Travis, Kurt's style was severely affected. And he certainly didn't want to experience that again. Kurt picked up his kit and went out. It was snowing outside, and his clothes were only half of what they used to be.

5.He was a nobody. Kurt held the portfolio in his hands, shaking from the cold and the hunger. It was so embarrassing, his interviewer even offered half of her lunch to him. He was still hungry now, but at least it didn't show on his face. He didn't get the job. Kurt used to believe, with all his heart, against all that life threw at him, that he had some talent. But he didn't think so anymore, he couldn't even lie to himself anymore. He was a nobody. He sucked. Maybe he should come back home. Kurt sighed. There was still the college debt.

6.Kurt found himself following the trail of the homeless to the Church. He hadn't eaten in two days. Charity meals seemed like a choice. But he couldn't bring himself to stand in line. Perhaps it was his vanity, perhaps he thought he could never get back up if he fell so low, but Kurt just loitered around the site until one of the servers called out to him. He quickly ran away, a faint sorrow bubbling up inside. He must have looked like a homeless.

7.It was time to go home, to leave all that mirage of a dream behind. Kurt went over his stuff, he still hadn't used up his painting tools. He sighed. Better left the dream there. Kurt went over to the park, decided to paint the last of the false hope away. He set up the easel and the canvas. But what should he draw? The trees? The animals? The scenery? The people? He picked the first scene he saw, tired of being plagued by the artist's indecision. It was a girl on a bench.

8.The girl left before Kurt could finish his painting. He wished to call out to her, to tell her to sit tight until he was done, but he had neither the courage or the strength. Being left with a unfulfilled feeling, he came home only to get a text from a friend. There was going to be an art competition in a few weeks. It's a small prize, but decent publicity. And decent recognition was what he needed. 'How foolish', he sneered, counting the money for the trip home. His city story was over.

9.Kurt stared at the terrible mistake he had made. The money was supposed to be for him to come home. Why, then, did he just storm out in the middle of the night for some cups of instant noodles and oil paint? Great. He was gonna use up the old painting set, but now he got to finish the new set too.

10.Kurt returned to the park. If she showed up, he would finish the canvas. If she didn't, well, then she didn't. And he waited, his hands shaking with anticipation, half wishing that she would come, half wishing that she wouldn't.

11.3:00 PM. She sat down on the same bench. Kurt began to paint. He had never felt this way before, as if an old flame was rekindled. His hands danced around the canvas, layers upon layers of colour overlapped each other into a symphony. She was a slender girl, black of hair and faint of lips. She was not incredibly beautiful, but held a charm that only got better over time, like wine or cheese. In her eyebrows lied a mystifying aura of secrets, her sharp eyes boasted the curious look of a child. A never-ending mystery, that's what Kurt would said about the girl. She was something fragile yet eternal, delicate yet strong, something that you would spend your whole life chasing after knowing you would never get her.

12.She once again left before Kurt could finish. In a way, he wished for that, wished for the heat inside his soul to go on burning. Kurt called Travis that night. He knew, whatever ridiculous job Travis gave him, his painting of her wouldn't be affected, for he held in his hand not the brush but his own heart.

13.The girl came to the park everyday but Sunday at approximately 3:00 PM. Kurt never once approached her. The contest was due in one week, and Kurt had yet to finish his painting, for he could never potrayed the girl in the way he perceived her. He had torn six canvases already, and was on the way to destroy the seventh. Suddenly he was afraid. The fire of inspiration would kill his own artistic self before cruel reality did, for the perfectionist in Kurt expected nothing but the girl on his canvas. And that he couldn't do. It was November then.

14. The contest was in three days. It was Saturday. He only got one last chance to finish painting the girl, for the contest was to be held on Monday. As usual, Kurt made his way to the park. But she was not there. Nobody was. November rain cut into the bone, chilling and harsh. She was not there.

15.Kurt returned home, depressed. The perfect opportunity was gone, the dream was gone. As he sat alone in the dark that Saturday night, Kurt cried his heart out for what reason even he was not aware of. Was it that the flame had died? His muse left him in the deciding moment? He had actually gone back on his works and drew for Travis? He didn't know. All he knew was that he woke up on the cold hard floor, looking at the moon brightening up the empty eighth canvas. And it hit him. He never needed to look at the girl, he had forever engraved her image in his mind, her image with all of her qualities and beauties. So he painted all night long, painted into the blank canvas the woman he had never once spoken to in her most perfection, in her finest beauty, draped over her a scenery of a dream, for she was his dream.

16.Kurt never entered the contest. He wanted to keep the painting for himself, so that she would only be his. But he knew if he did, it would forever pinned him to that moment only, and he could not proceed. So, he quit working for Travis, got a job at a small magazine with newfound confident, and left the city for another one. The day before he left, he returned to that same bench. 2:45 PM. She should be here soon. Kurt place the canvas, wrapped in see-through plastic, on the bench. He then retreated to a nearby bush, watched as the surprised girl unwrapped the anonymous painting of her, then left with a grin. He wished to speak with her, but he knew to make any contact with her was to destroy his illusion of the girl. Thus, to keep her perfect, he never did, and never would, approach her.


"I just don't know how I can live like this, Doc. Seeing her now just makes my skin crawl," Roger said, staring at the ceiling of his psychiatrist's office.

"And the medications I prescribed you haven't been helping? You still hallucinate that you're suddenly transported to see ex-girlfriend Liz?" Dr. Meadows asked.

"It just happened again two weeks ago. One minute I'm getting ready for work. Then I step out my front door and suddenly I'm on the other side of the state. And there she is looking all weepy and stuff."

"And what did you do?"

"I turned around and left, just like I've been doing. Took three buses and a cab to get home. Somehow managed to not get fired."

The doctor nodded her head slowly. "I have to be honest with you Roger, your case is baffling to me. Your hallucinations are remarkably complex and vivid, and all manage to hold some kind of strange internal consistency, save for the fact that you magically teleport to other places."

"I've heard this speech before Dr. Meadows. You're my third psychiatrist. I hoped that this new cocktail of drugs was going to do the trick too. But it sounds like I'm just certifiably crazy. Save your breath, and don't bother trying to refer me to someone else. I guess I'll just have to live with it."

"I wasn't going to refer you away Roger. Your case *is* baffling to me, but I enjoy the challenge. We need to try some out of the box thinking here. Avoiding your hallucinations doesn't seem to be working. When you get home from here, I want you to look up your old high school flame and call her. The real one. Maybe some connection to the real version of her will help you move on from your subconscious' obsession with her."

"Isn't that going to seem a bit, I dunno, stalker-ish?"

"It might," she said, standing to show Roger out. "But have you really got anything to lose?"

"I guess not," he answered. He stepped out of her office, pulling the door shut behind him.

As the door clicked shut, the hardwood floor of the office was instantly replaced with muddy grass. Heavy drops of rain pelted him from dark clouds hanging in the sky. A chill wind blew right through the thin jacket he was wearing.

Roger looked around. He was standing in a cemetery. There was Liz, standing over an open grave, clinging tightly to an umbrella. A preacher of some kind stood in front of the grave, droning on in the bored tone of a man who wasn't getting paid enough to eulogize a man he didn't care about.

Liz lifted her gaze from the grave, and her tear filled eyes met Roger's. He turned and started to walk away, but stopped. Roger turned back and looked at her. She was still staring at him, but now her expression turned to confusion.

Roger hesitated a moment longer, then started walking toward her. She seemed to recoil slightly as he came and stood next to her. He looked at the grave marker. It was for Liz's dad.

The two of them stood there wordlessly while the preacher finished his ceremony. Finally, he snapped his book closed, and nodded in the direction of the two of them. The preacher turned on heel, and left them standing by the open grave.

"I'm sorry, about your dad," Roger said finally.

"Thanks," Liz said softly. "You haven't talked to me in a long time."

"Not since high school."

"I thought all those times I saw you walking away meant I was getting better. Somehow I'm glad that you're here though. It's better than being alone. But I guess this means I'm still crazy," she said.

Roger looked at her, studying her expression. "Who isn't these days?" he asked after a pause.

She let a small laugh escape her lips. Liz looked at him, and smiled. It was the first time Roger had seen that since they had broken up.

"Would you stay here with me a while?" she asked softly, tears starting to well back up in her eyes.

"Sure," Roger answered. What did he have to lose?

*****

If you liked this, subscribe to [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88) to read the rest of my prompt responses.


*Pop*

"Oh...hey, John." 

"Hey, Margarete." 

John sighed. Her bedroom was a mess - a total, absolute, pig-sty-hit-by-a-tornado kind of mess the likes of which made him cringe. Magazines, sheets, and even bits of old food covered the carpet like a layer of soil. But it was nothing compared to her. 

It was a familiar scene to John at this point. Her crying, sitting on the edge of her bed, not quite covering the bruises over her eyes. The apartment was different, at least, but the story was nothing new. New guy. New place. Same problem. 

He started to clean.

"How is Dave treating you these days, Mar?" He asked, feigning ignorance as he picked up a particularly crusty Playboy. 

"Gone." She said, simply. "He was cheating, like I thought. Like you thought, I guess. So I got out." 

"That's good news, Mar." John shot her a sad smile as he dumped the first pile into the trash. "And the new guy is...?" 

"Josh." Margarete said, quickly. "He seemed so nice at the bar, paid for me and everything. A real gentleman." 

"But he hit you, didn't he." John said. 

Margarete didn't answer. He continued to clean in silence. 

"You can't just...it wasn't his fault, Ok? He was drunk!" She finally snapped. "Who the hell are you, coming in here, telling me how to live my life? With your...your good clothes, fancy shoes! I bet you never had to deal with any crap in your entire life!" 

Still, John was silent. He moved into the bathroom, which was somehow in an even worse state. 

"I don't see any needles this time. Cutting back?" He called. 

This time, Margarete was silent. John kept cleaning. 

"Mar? You still in there?" He asked, poking his head out into the other room. To his surprise, she was looking up at him, cheeks stained with tears. In her hands, she held a small stick made of cheap white plastic, half hidden behind her shaking fingers.

"John...I. It's not..." She stammered. "I...I can't. I can't leave, not anymore." She held the object up, half displaying it to John as if she wasn't sure that she wanted him to see it. "It's not just about me anymore." 

John swallowed, finally understanding. "Whose...?" He asked. 

Margarete just shook her head. "I don't know...it could have been Dave, I guess. But I can't go back there, John, I just can't!" 

John nodded. "I understand." He said. "But, Margarete...you can't stay here either. You know that. What will Josh do when he finds out? Or...did he already find out, and this is what he did to you?" 

"I'm so scared, John!" Margarete sobbed. "I don't know what to do, where to go..." 

"It's going to be ok, Mar. I promise." John said. "Do you still have your cousin's number? Up in Newport?" 

Margarete nodded. 

"Good. Go there, and don't look back. They'll help." 

"Thanks...John, I...Just. Thank you." Margarete said. "I...I don't know what I'd do, if it weren't for you. Sometimes, I just wish we'd never broken up. Maybe things would have turned out different." 

John just chuckled. "No, Margarete. I don't think it would have worked out. Besides, it would break my fiancé's heart if I broke up with him now." 

Margarete stared. "You're...?" 

John nodded. 

He blinked, and he was home. His real home - sitting on his bed, fully dressed in the dead of night, his partner breathing softly beside him. He hadn't waited up. 

John laid down and sighed, staring up at the ceiling. He had thought that the shock might have been enough to send him back, but her expression haunted him. Confusion, disgust...to think, for over a decade they had known each other, and she'd never thought to ask why he left. 

He only wished that he could have done more before he did. 


***

*Heavy stuff. Thanks for the read! CC welcomed, and if you enjoyed this story you might like some of my others on /r/TimeSyncs!*


"I'm getting really fucking sick of this!" Mitch shouted at Juniper, working quickly to untie the ropes that held her hands behind her back. 

"Yeah, well I wish you never had to show up either. But here we are again." Juniper kept an eye on the door to her interrogation room, waiting for the foreign agents to return. 

After gnawing on a particularly tight section of rope, Mitch spat. "Can't you get a more relaxing job? Like in an office? I could just show up to help get the printer working or something like that."

"Mitch, you know this has been my life's ambition."

"But it isn't MINE. You've dragged me along for this whole ride, working your way towards the top of the heap. I think you LIKE that I was cursed."

Juniper rolled her eyes, but said nothing. Her bonds fell to the ground. As she rubbed her wrists, Mitch crossed his arms and pouted. 

"I'm going to get fired, ya know. I can't keep randomly disappearing with no notice."

"So I'll get you a job in an office with my association."

"I want nothing to do with you!"

The handle of the steel door turned with a clunk. A grating squeal of rusty metal cut through their argument as Juniper's captors swung the door open. 

As they rushed in to fight, Juniper took them on alone with nothing but the chair, the rope, and her martial arts skills to aid her. 

Mitch shrieked and cowered in a corner. He never was much help in a fight.


The first time was confusing. Mark, in fact, used the words "WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON!?" but as an impartial, polite narrator, I'll use 'confusing'.

It was a mugging. Lyla was coming home from her first date after the breakup and the dude pointed the knife and 
said, "Give me the purse, bitch."

And Mark, in his underwear, a yellow lipstick of Cheetos around his mouth, materialized in front of them, straight from his living room couch.

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON!?" he uttered, as previously mentioned, which was not intended to, but 
had the effect of, stopping the mugging right away, as the mugger, upon watching a half-naked man materialize 
himself in front of him out of thin air like popcorn bursting into existence from corn except with a person and 
nothingness (Jesus, what a crappy narrator I am), proceeded to politely say "Oh, fuck," and go home (later, I heard, he checked into an institution and got into New Age music and Paulo Coelho, but that's a story for another day).

Well, after much debate, Mark and Lyla decided that what had just happened was either collective hallucination or 
undeniable proof that the universe was fundamentally different than humanity had been assuming for thousands of years and all human knowledge had just been rendered obsolete and we'd have to start over from the pre-Socratics on. They figured it didn't really matter, because either way they both had lives to get to and shit to do, and decided to get on with their stuff. They parted ways.

It was after the third time (the second being another, totally unrelated mugging), when Lyla got trapped in an 
elevator during a power outage and Mark materialized itself once more in front of her, that they figured out that 
the whole thing was a pattern, and that apparently Mark would show up whenever Lyla was, in his words, "in some deep shit or whatever."

"So whenever I'm in trouble, you just… show up?"

"Apparently."

"Why!?"

"Gee, Lyla, I don't know, let me check my International Guide to Unexplainable Phenomena."

"You're being sarcastic, aren't you?"

"No, I really have a guide for unexplainable phenomena."

"Now you're being sarcastic about being sarcastic, aren't you?"

"I'll add another layer if you keep bothering me."

"God, you're annoying, no wonder I broke up with you."

"I broke up with you."

"No you didn't."

"Internally I did."

This continued for something like forty minutes, until the firemen came and rescued them (as, of course, though 
Mark had indeed materialized in front of Lyla to be there in her time of need, he lacked the tools to get them out of 
a stopped elevator.)

It started getting suspicious, as far as Mark was concerned, the seventh time Lyla was caught in the middle of a disagreement with drug addicts in the town's worst neighborhood. That's when he started suspecting foul play on her part.

All the same, he kept to himself, standing by her side as the crackheads robbed her… then him (because, it turns 
out, crackheads are not as easily spooked by people materializing out of thin air as muggers are… these guys just 
said "Woah, dude just popped into existence. Let's rob him too!")

Then it was a cliff – literally, Lyla standing on the edge of a cliff, about to lose balance, and Mark popped up by her 
side to save her. 

Then it was a minor car accident.

Then a fight with this bitchy girl she knew from high school.

Mark decided to say something when he suddenly materialized in front of Lyla inside a warehouse filled to the 
ceiling with towers and towers of cocaine packs and surrounded by angry, machine-gun wielding Brazilian men somewhere deep in the rainforests of South America.

"Okay, that's it," he said, as soon as he laid eyes on Lyla, tied to a chair in the back of the room, behind some drug stacks. "What the hell, Lyla!?"

"I'm sorry," she said, "I got lost hiking."

He got closer to her, untied her, careful not to alert the men patrolling the warehouse just behind the stack of 
cocaine they were pressed against. "No you didn't."

"Excuse me!?"

"Look, I'm sorry it didn't work out between us," Mark said, as she got up and rubbed her wrists. "But you gotta 
stop putting yourself into dangerous situations just because you want to try to hurt me."

"What!?"

"You don't think I've noticed!? Seven muggings! Random fights! Random cliffs! And now you show up at a drug 
warehouse in South America!? You hate hiking! Come on, Lyla, it's so obvious! You're trying to get me killed!"

"Who's there!?" came a voice from behind the cocaine stack, because Brazilians speak English when it's convenient for the plot.

"Is that what you think I'm doing!?" Lyla asked.

"Well, isn't it!? Why else would you keep putting yourself into these dangerous situat –"

"BECAUSE I MISS YOU, YOU IDIOT!" She pushed him. "I MISS YOU AND I DON'T HAVE THE GUTS TO CALL YOU 
AND THIS IS THE ONLY WAY I CAN THINK TO SEE YOU FROM TIME TO TIME."

"Hey, there's a dude with the girl we caught over here!" One of the drug thugs showed up, pointing the gun.

"You miss me?" Mark asked, quietly.

"Yes, you idiot. What, you think I take trips to the rainforest and end up on coke farms by accident?"

More men showed up, all wielding machine guns. They pointed.

"Fuck, why didn't you just say so?"

"Cause you never seem happy to see me."

"THAT'S BECAUSE WE'RE ALWAYS ON THE VERGE OF DEATH WHEN I SEE YOU, NOT BECAUSE I STOPPED LOVING 
YOU!"

"You still love me?"

"OF COURSE I DO, YOU STUPID BITCH!"

"Why are you yelling?"

"BECAUSE WE'RE ABOUT TO DIE!"

She looked at the men. Then at Mark. "It does look that way."

"I'M GONNA KISS YOU NOW."

"Okay." She smiled.

And they did kiss. And then, of course, the Brazilian drug men opened fire and they died a very bloody, horrible death, but it was kind of romantic, really. I thought so, at least.


_____

/r/psycho_alpaca


"Damnit Susan..."

"I don't wanna see you either Jeff..."

"At least tell me it's something important unlike last time"

Susan blushed, remembering how Jeff had randomly appeared because her (now ex) boyfriend couldn't bring her to climax.  Quickly she shook her head.

"No, nothing like last time. Follow me."

She led Jeff to the bathroom where the toilet was dangerously close to overflowing.

"Oh. My. God... I'm done, I'm not fixing this, I'm *cough* what the hell did you eat??? That is vile!!!" 

Jeff looked at the toilet in disbelief knowing that he wouldn't be allowed to leave until it was fixed. He begrudgingly got to work unclogging the unholy mass in the toilet, holding his breath as long as he could.

When it was over he turned to Susan.

"I've been thinking..."

"Yeah?"

"I've never disliked you, you know? I just think most high schoolers heads are in the clouds. We're in our mid twenties now, and neither of us can hold down a significant other because of this nonsense. Maybe we should just give it another go?"

"You're willing to try to date me after this" she motioned towards the toilet.

"Oh you are never allowed to shit in my house, in fact anytime you gotta go we're going to a gas station."

She rolled her eyes dryly.

"Fine, pick me up for coffee tomorrow"


"I'll always be there for you," I'd told Julia, sobbing on my shoulder. Her foster parents had chased her out of the house again, and we just sat in the park together.  I lightly lifted her chin to look into her tear-stained eyes, and hugged her close. She seemed to be reassured by my condolences, believing it wholeheartedly. Problem was, powers above heard it too, and wanted to hold me to it.

For a while, things between us seemed to go well. She was very affectionate, wanting to meet up with me every free moment she had available. Her dirty blond hair and quickly developing curves did more for me than affirm my worth as a male. However, she grew restless, checking on me once an hour, calling to make sure I'd made it home okay, wanting to talk late at night for hours on end far beyond the conversation's end, listening to just the sound of me breathing into the receiver.

It got a bit tiresome, and faster than I imagined it would. A couple of weeks later I simply shut my phone off for the weekend. I turned it back on at the start of the school-week to an intense smattering of missed calls and frantic texts. I walked into the crowded hallways before homeroom and saw her running towards me. I didn't mean to abandon her, but I wasn't the superman she'd been expecting of me, and tried to dodge her. She shouted out above the din of the crowd, "Don't leave me! I love you!" 

Suddenly I realized all the red flags popping up all around me that I wasn't right for her. I attempted to dodge her into a nearby hallway, only to find myself immediately back in front of her. It was strange, but confronted with the situation and being able to run away any further simply offered her excuses about how my phone was to blame, that I wasn't trying to ignore her. She accepted the lie, but clung ever tighter to me still. I tried to simply claim being busy with schoolwork and distance myself, pushing her slowly away. Eventually she began to take the hint, and the frantic calls and texts slowed down to a crawl.

Then one night, as sudden as a blink, I found myself facing her shrieking in her room, when just a moment before I was reading in bed. She wasn't screaming at me, but a curiously large spider dangling from a silken thread in front of her. I cupped the spider in my hands, and pulled it away from her, only to have her renewed shock at me suddenly appearing in her bedroom in my underwear. Her foster parents came running at the scream and threw me out immediately, leaving me to wonder what the heck just happened as I stood outside in the night without pants.

She'd tried to use this event as a rekindling of our love, but I'd firmly denied it, not sure of what had happened myself. It wasn't until a few weeks later that I found myself facing her once again. I was browsing the internet when I found myself facing her on the toilet, with her pants around her ankles. Rather than screaming, the color simply drained out of her face in fear before realizing it was me once again.

"Oh good, as long as you're here, can you go get me some tampons?" I looked at her incredulously, her dismissal of my sudden appearance appalling, but shrugged and went to get her the tampons.

The more I tried to get away from her, the more it seemed she encountered problems I was destined to help her out of. It only got worse after we'd finished school and moved out. I'd been called through space-time to fix everything from getting lost, flat tires, leaky pipes, and even indecision on what she wanted to eat for dinner. I'd begun to feel more like her personal handy-man, and started compiling a veritable utility belt to help solve her problems at a moment's notice that I wore around at all times. It came complete with feminine products, advil, wd40, duct tape, an epipen, screwdrivers, make-up, tissues, and even a barf bag.

Though there were some things a utility belt cannot solve. I'd been tasked to comfort her violent sobs as she cried in the night, terrified that just like her birth-parents, even her divine guardian would abandon her as so many others did. Too tired to get myself home, I'd laid with her, petting her until she calmed down, and fell asleep with her hands wrapped around me. I didn't feel much for her anymore, but I wasn't such a coward as to abandon those hurting right in front of me.

I stopped trying to leave so quickly after that, but I didn't want to give her false hope that I was a panacea to all of her relationship troubles, and tried to steel my heart. I'd discussed the phenomenon with her extensively, and wanted to take a vacation for once. Go somewhere warm and tropical where she wouldn't summon me for a couple days. She begrudgingly agreed to try solving her own problems for a couple of days. I still wore the utility belt, just in case.

I wasn't able to fully relax, and looked positively silly wearing nothing but swim trunks and a condensed fanny pack. In the blink of an eye I was standing back in front of her, her face truly terrified. I turned and looked what she was so terrified of, and saw a masked mugger with a gun pointed at her, and therefore at me. I didn't have time to think, time to grab anything. I simply narrowed my eyes grit my teeth, and charged the mugger like the crazy man in swim trunks I was. I should be thankful that he was surprised enough not to shoot me, and he stumbled backwards, not expecting opposition. I tackled him into the snowy ground, cold ice stinging against my bare skin, and threw what punches I could trying to get the gun away from him. Somehow I managed to get a grip on the barrel and tossed it away, though the mugger managed to scramble to his feet and run away.

I immediately turned and checked on Julia, my red face and dripping nose forgotten, and through her crying eyes I could see an overjoyed smile. She reached up to wrap her hands around my head and pulled me into a kiss. Between the adrenalin of a fight and the ecstasy of victory, I let my testosterone take over and kissed her back. I kissed her like it was the last time I'd ever see her, terrified that I might never again.

She started to grow more confident afterwards, calling on me less, and crying less  at night. I took her to see a psychiatrist and therapist about her abandonment issues, and even sat in with her in a couple sessions to support her, of my own volition for once! I started to see her smile on her own again, taking up the arts she'd left behind so long ago.

And in that smile, I realized: I never wanted to leave her again.


“… and that’s why I think it’s just not the right thing to do. Sure the penguins are cute, but do we really need them around to survive.” Sarah lectured, sitting across the table from Hector Wellington, a suave, twenty-five year old man, single, trying his very hardest to change that fact.

“Oh really? That’s a rather … unique view on the survival of an entire species.” Hector replied, feeling a bead of sweat trickle down his neck. It looked like Hector had gotten himself into another doozy of a dating situation again.

“Thank you!” Sara said, ecstatic, a big grin on her face and her eyes popping open in pleasure. “It’s nice to finally meet someone who understands me. You wouldn’t believe all the weirdos out there who just scoff at my penguin sustainability plan. You see, the thing is … “

Sarah continued to drone on, ranting about this and that, waving her arms and spouting inane conspiracy after inane conspiracy. Hector nodded along, grimacing, as he reached into his pant’s pocket.

Underneath the table, Hector pulled out his phone, and began to text an old friend for help; a desperate SOS if you will. Around Hector and Sarah, a busy, rather fancy, restaurant hustled and bustled. The soft murmuring of chatter and chewing filled the air, a lovely backdrop for Sarah to drone on and on about how you can reduce carbon emissions by burning penguin carcasses with environmentally friendly coal. Really, it shouldn’t have been any surprise to Hector; Sara’s father was a rather eccentric coal baron after all.

With thumbs clicking desperately, Hector Wellington sent off a quick message.

“*Help needed. Request rescue immediately.*” Hector gulped, and sent the message.

Pocketing his phone, Hector brought his elbows up to the table, and clasped his hands together.

“And then the feathers can be used as—“

“Heather, please!” Hector exclaimed, cutting Sarah off.

“Um, excuse me?” Sarah asked, a look of disdain and hurt on her face.

“Oh, sorry; Brittany. Listen, it’s been fun, but I really need to be going.” Hector said, rising up from the table, his food and drink almost untouched, a bit of a waste, but that was life.

“It’s Sarah.” Sarah replied with ice in her voice.

“Sure, sure.” Hector replied, staring off into space. A smile spread across his lips as the sensation rolled over him. A feeling of urgency, a feeling of lightness, of emptiness, of need, filled Hector’s stomach and mind and chest and body. With an open laugh, Hector ran around the restaurant, enjoying his few moments of freedom, of pure, unchained bliss and unrestricted ability, before he was taken away.

“Excuse me sir, but you can’t …” A waiter scolded, addressing Hector as the man ran around the restaurant.

Hector didn’t care, didn’t notice. He let out a quick laugh, and closed his eyes as the weightlessness came over him. His world turned black, turned silent, turned unfeeling, as Hector felt his body float up into the air, float up into the sky, float up into the emptiness of nonexistence; a lack of existence.

Just as quickly as it had come, the sensation died down. Hector felt the ground beneath his feet, the air in his lungs, and the breeze on his face. Opening his eyes, Hector looked around him. He was standing on an apartment rooftop, amidst the rising steel, concrete, and glass towers and buildings and monoliths of the city. At the edge of the rooftop, on the precipice of life and death, fall and flight, stood Heather; the woman of Hector’s dreams, or at least, she had used to be.

Heather’s phone was held in her hand, a wedding ring was sitting upon her finger, and a scowl was sitting upon her lips. She hopped down from the edge of the ledge, and stalked over to Hector, noticing the gleeful look on her old lover’s face, and his fancy dress.

“And what mess have I gotten you out of this time?” Heather growled, facing Hector.

Hector let out a small laugh, a giggle. “Probably the worst date ever. This crazy girl was talking about killing all of the world’s penguins. You wouldn’t believe … “

“Yeah whatever Hector.” Heather interrupted, folding her arms in irritation. “You can’t keep on abusing Aphrodite’s curse, okay? We’re adults now, we can’t keep on playing these stupid little games with each other.”

“B-but Heather.” Hector replied, a mischievous grin on his face. “You’ll be my one and only, forever.” Hector said with mock sincerity, recalling their moment, when they were young lovers, and their confessions to each other. It was on that day, as Hector first conveyed his feelings of love to Heather, that the goddess Aphrodite blessed Heather and Hector to always appear by one’s side in a time of need. That blessing, however, had turned into a curse three weeks later when Heather and Hector had broken up; at the time, the feelings had simply been puppy love, the unknowing of adolescence.

Heather rolled her eyes. “Shut up you jerk.” She said with just a hint of a smile, pushing past Hector.

Hector watched the first woman he’d ever loved walk past him, towards the door leading to the rooftop. He took a step forward, and raised an arm in the air, his mouth open to speak. Ever since their curse, their blessing, their relationship had endured after all these years. They’d become excellent friends, and despite the bickering, the teasing and joking, they’d become rather close. He’d even been a best man at Heather’s wedding last year.

A tear trickled down Hector’s cheek, and he dropped his arm. The door slammed closed behind Heather, leaving Hector alone on the rooftop. Despite all the joking, all the goofing and false indifference, he couldn’t ignore it much longer. Hector shook his head, and stared off into the skyline of the city. The wind ripped at his clothes, and ruffled his hair. That puppy love, at least for him, had matured into something more; appreciation, dependence, need. Maybe if he had told her earlier, things would have been different. But he’d been too embarrassed, too nervous about what she’d think after all they’d been through, to break the status quo.

And now, as Hector stared out across the skyline, and felt empty and lost, just like he always did after seeing Heather wearing her wedding ring, it was too late.

“So much for Aphrodite’s blessing.” Hector muttered to himself.

------------------------

Hope you enjoyed the story! I've got tons more over at my sub, r/ThadsMind, if you want to subscribe to that.


Charles let out a small smirk, glancing at his almost teary eyed opponent. Well he wasn't crying, or even closed to teary eyed, but Charles knew that on the inside, his opponent was in utter shambles. After a grueling 4 hour match, he had finally figured out the move that would lead to his eventual victory, the simple, yet elegant, Qd3. And by the looks of the opponent, he had come to this realization as well. Charles was a few moves away from becoming the Chess World Champion, a goal he had aspired for since his youth. 

The grin on his face becoming wider, he moved his hands towards the Black Queen piece in front of him. The moment he touched the piece, however, he started to feel the sensation he dreaded oh so much.

"Oh, for fucks sake, not now," he thought to himself, the panic rising. "Please, what did I ever do to deserve this. I mean I know torrenting that one Teletubbies Epi-," and before his thought was finished, he vanished from the stage, just like that, leaving his opponent, and the audience, bewildered. 

Moments after he left the stage, he started to materialize in an all too familiar room, surrounded with a bunch of kids and their parents. Everyone gazed in awe, some mouths gaping wide open, as they saw the fully suited up Charles pop into existence, seemingly out of nowhere.

Little Johnny tugged at his mom's collar, "Mommy, is that what they call a real magician?" Naturally, Johnny's mom was too awestruck to respond, her eyes fixated on the rather dashing Charles.

Charles body started to heat up, and he was blushing wildly, "Uh, hello everyone. I assure you, this is not what it looks like." He started to scan the room quickly, and saw Lana standing in front of the sliding door that lead out. Making his way briskly towards her, brushing past the crowd of startled parents and kids, he gently grabbed her by the shoulder, and took her outside. But not before giving his best fake smile to everyone inside, "Ladies and Gentlemen, that has been the surprise act for the day, please enjoy the rest of the show. Making a swift motion with his hands, he bowed down, his toupee falling off and falling right into his hands. 

"And yet, another part of the act, the disappearing hair act," Charles lamented, gritting his teeth together, knowing what he said made absolutely no sense. He heard a few laughs from the parents and kids alike, before shutting the door behind him. While adjusting his toupee, he glared at Lana, who was shifting her feet uncomfortably, staring at the grass surface beneath her newly bought red Nike Shoes, complimenting her freshly dyed Scarlet Red hair.

"My God, woman, what is it now? I don't see a single thing that could be possibly be wrong," Charles bellowed, his arms flailing wildly, "Do you realize where I was before this?" With a loud stomp of his foot, he continued his onslaught of words, "I was this close," his index and thumb finger a hairs width apart, "This fucking close to winning the World Chess Cham-" 

"I, uh, need help with this new game I'm playing," Lana muttered, bringing her iPhone up to Charles' face. 

"What." 

"I can't progress, and I'm really frustrated because this one player keeps kicking my ass."

Charles jaw dropped, and using every last bit of his remaining energy from collapsing, he whispered, "... The Legend 27?"


"I'll have the buffalo burger--medium rare--please," Alan said, before looking over at his date and smiling. She met his eyes and nodded. "and the same for her. Thank you." The waiter collected the menu and left the two alone. Decorations adorned the restaurant he'd chosen for this first date. Lots of pink hearts of all different sizes. 

"So," she started, "how was work?"

Alan smiled and leaned forward. "Nothing too exciting, just kept working on that case I told you about. You?"

"Same. Minus that working on a case bit," she laughed. Her bright blue pool of eyes threatened to swallow him whole. Alan knew he wouldn't mind that one bit. 

"Count yourself lucky, Julie. Sometimes I feel like I'm climbing a mountain of--"

**Poof**

A car roared by, speeding down a four lane highway. Alan screamed and stumbled backwards into a median. 

"What the fuck!" he yelled. Ten years and he still hadn't gotten used to this. 

A familiar face appeared from behind a parked car--Allie's Camry. The emergency lights blinked on and off. "Sorry," she said apologetically, giving him a short smile. The first thing Alan noticed was her short brown hair. She'd finally cut it. Her bronze eyes locked onto his, two windows into the past. 

"Allie, I was on a date. She's gotta be's freaked out... I haven't told her about--about _this_ yet. Not like they stick around after I tell them," his voice dropped into a mumble.

Allie bit her lip, "Oh," she replied, her eyes dropping. "Sorry."

Alan sighed. "It isn't your fault. You're not the one who said something stupid." Once the shock drained from his mind he paused to inspect the situation. "Flat tire?"

"Yep."

With a quick shake of his head he moved to help her. The sooner Allie drove off, the sooner he could return to salvage whatever remained of his date. Alan exhaled to force the frustration away. Allie had already moved the jack underneath the car. No more than twenty minutes would be needed if the two worked together. 

"No AAA, huh?" Allie rolled her eyes and moved to the back of the car. Alan squatted and started raising the car.

After a moment Allie reappeared with a socket wrench in hand. "Ever the comedian." Alan looked up and grinned.

A minute later the car rose a few feet off the ground. Alan took the wrench from Allie and began loosening the lug nuts. The silence between the two broke whenever a car zoomed by. 

Finally Allie spoke, "What's she like?"

"Who?" he asked, distracted. 

"Your date, you looby."

"Ah. Julie's nice. She's smart and kind, works as a nurse. I like her."

Despite Alan being unable to see her, she nodded and smiled. "Good, I'm happy for you. I just hope I didn't mess anything up." 

"It's all right," he replied. "Really."

The two fell silent again as Alan focused on getting the wheel off. He'd taken off all the lug nuts, carefully handing them to Allie. Losing those damn nuts was the last thing he needed. Alan rose and bent backwards to crack his back. 

"You okay? You're doing all the work. I feel bad." 

"I'm fine," he replied, walking over to the trunk. Allie had taken the replacement wheel out already. "Here, help me with the wheel." Alan motioned for Allie to hold it so it wouldn't roll away. A horn blared as Allie walked over. Alan turned and his eyes widened. Mustering all of his strength Alan jumped toward Allie and pushed her away as a white Mustang slammed into the side of her Camry. The car crumpled from the force, falling off the jack. The Mustang bounced off and away before coming to a stop in the middle of the next two lanes.

"Oh fuck!" Allie screamed from the other side of the median. "Oh fuck, _fuck_, shit, shit, shit!" Carefully she climbed back over the median. "Alan, jeez, you really saved me there. You okay?" No response came. "Alan?" Concern crept into her voice. Voices screeched from a distance. Everything felt numb. Allie couldn't hear herself repeat her question. Her eyes fell upon the point of impact, then followed along the rear toward the median. The car had been pushed forward a few feet, grinding along the concrete barrier. Where was Alan?

"Help, someone help!" a frantic voice called. "Someone help me!" Allie shook her woolheadedness away and almost ran forward. Traffic had stopped at this point and those once distant voices sounded much closer. She rounded her broken car, barely noticing the pain in her knee. 

Her savior lay splayed in front of the Mustang. Blood gushed from beneath Alan's hair and his limbs twisted unnaturally. Something stopped Allie from running to his side. A second later and he disappeared. Allie shuddered and dropped to her knees.


Garrett had a love-hate relationship with Kelly.

“Are you kidding me? I was in the middle of a job interview, Kelly. Do you have any idea how much you are ruining my life?”

After all this time, he only saw her in her moments of need. That sort of vulnerability can be endearing, even intimate. It is also horribly draining. 

“Karen just called me. She has breast cancer. With dad gone, I don’t have anyone else to turn to.” She was really trying to hold back tears, but Garrett knew it would be a matter of time.

“Damn. Ok, I’m sorry, Kelly. Mint chocolate chip in the freezer?” She nodded. “All right, you grab the Kleenex, I’ll get the bowls. Let’s talk about it.” At least now they had a routine.

The first time it happened after they broke up, he was annoyed. She had a test or something that she hadn’t studied for the next day. He thought it was a cosmic mistake. The second time it happened, he was devastated. The Jaguars were one catch away from the regional championship, and instead of clutching the game-winning ball, he found himself holding her broken arm. This wasn’t a fluke. It was permanent. Some of the guys had never forgiven him. That’s where the hate came from.

When Kelly’s dad died in that wreck, Garrett was actually glad for the curse. But each ex-boyfriend recovery session made him profane the day he was born. It got easier over time, but also more intrusive, as they drifted apart socially. He still decided to go to college nearby, though, for logistics’ sake.

“So how’s her husband and kids taking it?”

“Oh, they’re upbeat about it all, like usual.” Kelly sniffed, then smiled at him. “You were always like that, too. I don’t know how you would have lived with my mess if you weren’t.”

“Believe me, there are days I’m not.” He decided it was a good thing she was a fan of mint chocolate chip. If it was peach, this relationship, such as it was, would not work. A smile grazed his lips.

“What?” She leaned forward.

“I was thinking about how absurd this is, to be honest.” Her frown made it clear that is not what she expected. “I mean, come on, Kelly. You can’t go through life relying on me. One of these days I’ll have a family. They’ll need me more than you do. Are you going to hold my attention hostage then?”

“It’s not my fault!" she yelled, "You freaking asked for it! Do you think I want to see your face every time? Do you think I want to be reminded that you rejected me? That every man in my life leaves or rejects me? That…” Whatever else she had to say was drowned in sobs.

*Well, shit. Not my best work yet.* Garrett moved over to the couch and laid a comforting hand on her shoulder. She shrugged it off angrily the first time, but not the second. He knew her better than that by now.

Garrett didn’t really hate her for all of this. Hated the cosmic poltergeist who gave this to him, sure, but not her. He saw her now more truly than he did in those hormonal teenage years. He saw what hurt her. He saw what scarred her. And in his absences, he saw what she endured, and what she pulled through. In a way, Garrett had come to admire her. It wasn’t until he had started realizing that he was regretting the infrequency of her calls that he realized something had changed.

Garrett was falling for her again. It wasn’t a graceful fall into a woman who swept him away with breathtaking beauty. It was her beauty of small things, of life lived purposefully amidst trial. It was seeing real things about her. True things. Too many girls tried to sell him a façade. Kelly only met him in her moments of greatest honesty. It was oddly alluring.

“Look, Kelly, I’m here for you because once upon a time I wanted to be. Truth be told, part of me still wants to be. I just need you to know that being needed, in the absence of any other form of relationship, is horrible for me.” She looked up at him with reddened eyes. She wasn’t that pretty in the moment, but he was sure of it – she was beautiful. And it had taken ten years for him to realize it.

He continued, “How about this? Can we start over? Let’s get to know each other as friends, since we seemed to have skipped that step entirely. And maybe, from there, you’ll be able to figure out who you can truly rely on.”

She smiled. “I’d like that. And Garrett, you’ve always been there for me, even when I hated you for it. You’ve always been my best friend.”


"Oh. My. God. Rebecca. What?"

"Steve! Thank goodness you're here. I need help."

"Yeah... I know... What is it this time? Homework? Dishes? Need something heavy moved?"

"No."

"Well, what is it then?"

"I... I can't open this jar."

"What?!? Seriou..."

"Steve! That's not the only thing. I. I'm. I'm also out of toilet paper. I need you."

"*sigh* Rebecca, do you realize I have my own life? I've got things I need to take care of myself. I can't keep popping up here anytime you are inconvenienced. This is getting ridiculous. I'll be back with some paper in a minute, let me see that jar."

"Th-Thanks."

Rebecca watched with tears welling in her eyes as Steve stormed out of her apartment, open jar in hand. "One day he'll see. One day he'll realize he still loves me. One day he won't leave. Right?" she thought as she closed the unused jar and placed it in the fridge. "He's got to know I've been calling him here because I still love him." A forceful knock at the door snapped her from her thoughts. She opened the door to a pack of toilet paper from the bodega downstairs on the welcome mat and Steve nowhere to be found. Tears now streaming down her face she bent down and picked up the package. "Maybe next time." she thought.


I was on my third date with a lovely woman when the tingling in my fingers started. 

"No... Not now!"

"What's wrong?" Jennifer looked at me, baffled. 

The tingling was creeping up my arms. More intense as it spread.

"Uh... So, I'm going to disappear for a bit. Not sure where I'm going or when I'll be back. Just know that it has nothing to do with you. I made a promise a long time ago that I can't break."

"What do you mean? You're just going to ditch me here with the check?"

"Listen I promise I'll explain when I can. Wait, did you check in on Facebook with me?"

"Of course, I wanted everyone to know that I was having a great time with what I thought was a great guy..."

She trailed off as she noticed my fingers were fading from existence. The progression was accelerating. I stood up.

Next thing I know I'm standing in a dirty bathroom. My 600lb ex girlfriend sitting on the toilet with her phone in her hand looking at Facebook and crying.

She sobbed at me, "You said you would always be there for me! Who is Jennifer? I'm stuck again..." Her voice trailing off meekly. 

I tried to just walk out the door but every time I did I simply stepped back into the bathroom.

"You still keep the KY in the same place?" I sighed as I opened the bathroom drawer knowing the answer. 

Later I tried to call Jennifer but she wouldn't answer. This is the fourth potential relationship she's ruined. I know she's doing it on purpose, but she denies it.


Amelia's life has been a strange one since the age of 15, when she met Eric at a bus stop on her way home from school; they had a short-lived tryst and never expected to see one another again.

Over the remaining years of High School, Eric just always seemed to be around whenever something happened.  Her first car got a flat tire and Eric seemed to come out of nowhere to lend a hand;  she twisted her ankle at the park and Eric was there to help her home.  Eric was always there.  At first, Amelia found it to be endearing, but each time it seemed like Eric had a growing look of resentment in his eyes.

High School passed and Amelia moved away from the Midwest to fulfill her childhood dreams of attending art school in New York.  Thousands of miles from home and Eric showed up in her hallway when Amelia locked herself out of her Apartment.  Eric was supposed to be back in Kansas City working at his dad's construction firm, but he was here... Eric is always here.  Amelia got mugged and Eric was there; Amelia got in a fight with her boyfriend and Eric was there.  Any endearment Amelia once felt towards Eric turned into fear.

Eric's stalking of Amelia took it's toll on Amelia, but she managed to get through college; she was absolutely ecstatic to land a design position in San Francisco;  it was a gateway into he dream career and she could finally escape the nightmare of Eric.

*****

It's 10 years since the fateful day that Eric met Amelia at the bus stop and professed his oath to always be there for her.

Ten miserable years.  

Eric is at home playing X-Box and within the blink of an eye he is transported to the shoulder of a busy highway, standing next to Amelia.  Eric was confused, a deer in the headlights, but he had no ill feelings towards Amelia and helped change out her tire.

Eric was completing his homework only to be whisked away as if by magic to stand next to Amelia grasping her twisted ankle in the park.  It didn't matter what Eric was in the middle of, he always transported to Amelia when she was in need.  Any good faith Eric felt towards Amelia quickly turned into disdain as Eric realized that Amelia was a curse.

High school finished and Eric was ecstatic to learn that Amelia was going off to the East Coast.  He had a job lined up with his father and he could be rid of Amelia once and for all - freedom; he could drive a car without being transported away; he could go on dates without disappearing.  It was with significant shock and hatred when he opened his eyes to find himself outside of Amelia's New York apartment watching Amelia dig through her purse.  The curse was still there.

It's been 10 years of the Amelia curse; 10 years of misery.  Kansas City, New York, San Francisco.  He hated Amelia for what his life had become, and he knew that Amelia hated him - she had even filed a restraining order.  Eric is drinking alone, as he often does, and opens his eyes to find himself trapped next to Amelia in a burning wreck.

They died together.


"God dammit. Really?! I JUST paid for the movie." Steve had been teleported again. This time, to the side of the highway. He really wished he never made that stupid promise but at least he got to see Sandra every once and a while. He looked around. Sandra and Kendrick were present of course. So was their 11 month old Damien, giggling to himself in his car seat. Their late 90's Saab had a flat tire, but nothing else seemed too out of sorts.

As always, useless Kendrick waved. Like an idiot. "Hi Steve!"

Steve brushed him off with a nod and looked at Sandra. She had dyed her hair red and finally stopped trying to cover the beauty mark under her left eye. With the exception of the scowl on her face, it was a good look for her.

Sandra growled out the usual, "Nice to see you again Steve."

"Hi Sunshine and Midnight." It was a race joke, and Sandra absolutely hated it. He leaned into the window at the smiling child, "Hey Twilight, I missed you buddy. You have gotten thiiiiiiiis big!" Steve said with a big smile as he made a motion with his arms. He turned back to Sandra. "Pop the trunk."

Steve made his way to the rear of the old wagon and grabbed the spare tire, scissor jack, and wrench. He wondered how hung Kendrick must have been, because he was a waste of air. And space. And life. His entire existence was an inconvenience on everyone, except for Sandra apparently. For the last six years Steve has had to either fix Kendrick's mistakes or fill in as Sandra's handyman. She was not happy about either.

Steve tried to make some small talk while he swapped out the spare, but Sandra was being cold as usual and Kendrick was keeping Damien occupied. When he was done he stood up and turned around. Sandra's usual glare had been replaced by a soft look, her eyes slightly glossy. She noticed Steve's gaze and the glare came back.

A few seconds passed. Steve was standing there awkwardly looking like he had just been slapped and Sandra was looking like she wanted to slap him. "Thanks Steve." It was not spoken warmly.

He just smiled and closed his eyes. When he opened them again he was back in his apartment. The pay-per-view movie he had just purchased was 15 minutes in so he hadn't missed much. Not that it mattered, he had seen Pulp-Fiction about thirty times.

Steve leaned over and grabbed a slice of pizza. His dog Beach came to beg. "She's doing well Beach." The dog looked up at him, licked his hand, and barked. "Yeah boy, I'm alright too" he said with a weak smile. "I'll be alright anyway. One day." He gave Beach a light scratch behind the ears and turned the volume up.


"Alright, next time this happens, just unplug the router, and plug it back in." Marcus said begrudgingly.

Obviously embarrassed, Katie replied "Thank you so much, I don't have any cash on me, but I'll pay you for the bus fare next time"

"Don't worry about it..." 

He walked out the door, it was raining, of course. The bus stop was a 15 minute walk down the street. Not terrible considering all the times he's ended multiple states over, with no clue on how to get back. 

He threw his hood up, and started his was back home.

It didn't matter to Marcus anymore. This was a weekly occurrence at this point. He had lost countless jobs, blown off friends, and missed out on a long list of relationships. All because of an empty promise he made to a girl he barely even knew. 

He used to get frustrated, but at a certain point, it became a ritual. 

As he boarded the bus, he felt that familiar feeling. His body was being dragged to another location.

He came to in Katie's living room. But this time she stood over a man, covered in blood. 

"What the fuck..." Marcus said under his breath. 

"I can explain."


My grandmother still worships the old gods. I dont know how she can keep track of all of them. There seems to be a god for every problem. I probably should have played more attention in history when we went over all this stuff. She always said I was a favorite of Aphrodite.  She warned me that living with the favor of a God/Goddess would be difficult. I should have listened. 

Meeting girls has always been easy for me. People said I was just charming. I know better now. I met Sita when I was 15. There was something about her that just ignited a fire in me. As always I was able to catch her attention with just a short conversation. It wasn't long before the whole school knew we were dating. She was so beautiful.  Long raven hair, bright green eyes that actually sparkled when she was happy. A smile that could brighten a room instantly and she always smelled so good. I knew from the moment we spoke that I was in love. Thinking back on it now, what did I know of love? I was a kid. A dumb idealistic brat in love with the Idea, of being in love. 

I remember that day after the homecoming dance. We were walking hand in hand. We stopped under the bleachers by the football field. She kissed me and I told her I loved her. She said she loved me too. I told her, "No matter what, I'll always be there for you. I swear on our love"
She broke up with me 3 weeks later. No explanation,  no apology.  Just, "this isn't working. Find someone else"
I was as heartbroken as a kid could be. After a while I swore I'd never say those words to a girlfriend again unless I was sure she loved me too. I got rid of all her pictures and little gifts. I never wanted to see her again, but the God's take oaths seriously. 

I saw her again, for the first time 2 years later. I was driving home in the muscle car my parents got me for my birthday. It needed a lot of work but I was excited to have wheels. I saw her hunched over in the rain and cold by the bus stop. She had a large bag next to her. Too big to be for school. I pulled over. I got out and sat next to her, she barely looked up at me. "Hey" was all she said.
"Hey" I replied. "Need a ride?" I asked.
"That yours?" She asked. "Yeah, birthday gift" I responded.
She nodded. "You have awesome parents." She whispered. She looked up at me. "Im leaving town. I have an aunt that lives 3 hours away. If your serious about the ride, will you take me?" She asked. 
I thought about it for a moment. I'd just gotten the car and had never been out of town on my own before. Still the way she looked at me, her eyes pleading and full of sorrow. I couldn't say no. "Sure, hop in. Ill get your bag."
It didnt occur to me to ask why she was leaving or where her parents were. It just felt right to help. I got home at 4am. I was grounded for 2 months and my car was taken from me. She had smiled that beautiful smile when in had dropped her off. It was worth it. 

I met her again when I was a junior in college. I was invited to a frat party for the first time ever and almost didnt go. I felt I would miss out if I didnt though. College is about the experiences, so im told. At first I wasnt sure it was her, it had been so long, but when she smiled I knew. I wanted to talk to her and for a moment our eyes met. She was swooped up by a good looking guy in a football jersey before I could reach her. I spent the rest of the party bored. It was when I went searching for a bathroom that I found her again. I was told the bathroom was down the hall but I kept getting turned around. She came rushing out of a room I had passed twice. Her clothes were a mess and her lip was bleeding. She saw me and grabbed my arm. The guy I had seen her with came out of the room a few moments later. He stopped when he saw me. 
"Hey" she said. "I havent seen you in forever, walk me to my car?" She asked.
I stood there glaring at the guy in the jersey. "Sure, no problem" I finally reply. She didnt let go of me until we reached her car. Once again I earned a smile as she drove away. I walked back to my dorm thinking that one day, that smile would be the death of me. 

So on it went, I loved and lost and loved again. I would love my life and years would pass before seeing her again. Each moment we met was when she needed me most. Sometimes it was for small things, like a ride, other times it was more serious. I was there for her, just like I swore I would be. I stopped being surprised after a while. I lived my life with the assurance that I would see her again and earn another smile. I became successful in my career, had everything I'd ever wanted and more. Still, I would go out into the world each day, looking for her face amongst the crowd. Waiting for the moment when she would need me again. 

Now that final moment has arrived. That moment I knew would come. When that smile would be the death of me.

This story,  is for you Sita. So you would understand why I did what I did. You see, I met your husband. He's a good man. I realize now why I hadn't seen you in so long, after meeting him. He showed me pictures of you and your kids. They're as beautiful as their mother. All with that same gorgeous smile. Dont worry, I didn't tell him I knew you. He came to ask me for something. Something apparently only I can give. 

My cancer is inoperable. I have been given only weeks to live. Caught it too late they said. The doctor told me because of my condition and my rare blood type,  I would be doing the hospital and several people in it, a great service and sacrifice,  if I would donate my organs. I hadn't made my decision until today. When your husband showed me your picture,  I knew. This is the last time I can be there for you. What I give to you hasn't been mine for a long time. Its been yours ever since I swore that oath, so many years ago. I give you my heart, to care for and keep safe.

My oath is kept, I have no regrets. Who am I to question the Gods?


The main problem with our situation was plane ticket prices. 

See, like most wannabe indie girls, I had always wanted to travel after college. Live in summertime for a couple years, write a poem in every continent, cheesy stuff like that. I wanted to meet all kinds of different people. I wanted to visit cat cafes, which New York was severely lacking. I guess… I guess I also wanted to see just how far the strange godly bond between my ex-girlfriend and I could stretch. Maybe if I moved across the ocean, I told myself, then I wouldn’t have this problem anymore.

As it turned out, the godly bond stretched at least from New York to Spain. It also stretched from New York to Israel, and to Panama, and to Shanghai. No matter where I went, whenever my ex needed me (the definition of need was *definitely* subjective here), I would be godly transported right to her side. Aphrodite doesn’t play around, not even if you were only 15 and mostly joking when you told her you’d always be there when she was in trouble.

Anyways, I’m getting off track. The plane tickets. The plane tickets were what really made the whole thing hell, because although Aphrodite had the goodness in her heart to teleport me places, she never quite found the time to teleport me back. And although Addie always offered to split the ticket price, I never took her up on it. Would’ve felt like stealing. After all, it was my dumb ass who got us into this mess.

Italy was something new. After a couple weeks in Egypt I figured I’d turn back to Eastern Europe. I’d taken a red-eye, rented a car and driven to the motel I’d rented in Florence. Just as I finished unpacking my suitcase, I felt the first tugging sensations in my stomach. *God damn it.*

I scrambled to grab a hold of my Epi-Pen and my phone. Generally, everything that was touching my skin got transported along with me, wherever I was going. Back in college, we’d tried to use it to smuggle drugs but I guess Aphrodite didn’t approve of that sort of thing. 

The room spun. I squeezed my eyes shut, crouching, bending my head down until my forehead pressed against my knees. Don’t throw up, I told myself. Don’t throw up.

If you’ve ever been teleported by a goddess, then you know how the middle part feels. If you haven’t, there isn’t much use trying to explain it to you.

When I opened my eyes, I was standing on the edge of a highway. Black asphalt bled into a stretch of grass dotted with wildflowers. Beyond that I could see a forest. It was spring, a 60 degree day, and my stomach was about ready to reject everything I’d eaten in the past 24 hours.

“I was just thinking about you,” a voice called. 

I turned around.

Addie was sitting crisscrossed on the trunk of her silver Mini Cooper, cheerful as ever. She wore a pair of faded overalls and scuffed up sneakers. I hadn’t seen her in a couple weeks, but she looked healthy, brown skin almost glowing in the sunlight.

Of course we met like this. Her, looking like some kind of goddess, and me, fresh off a two hour car ride preceded by a three hour flight preceded by five hours of delays at the airport. “Hi,” I said, waving my hand with the Epi-Pen. “Car troubles?”

Addie nodded. “Did I wake you up?” Her eyebrows scrunched together in concern.

I shook my head, rubbing at my eyes a little. “Another ten minutes and you might have, though,” I said.

“I’m sorry, Zoey.”

“Don’t worry about it. You know, at least you didn’t catch me on the plane. Again.”

Addie laughed. Her laugh was best when you caught her off guard. “Yeah, yeah. Fix my car, Miss Mechanic.”

I had to pop the hood of the car, then, before I did something stupid. 

I mean, it wasn’t like we were out of the question or anything. We’d dated for a couple weeks in tenth grade, unanimously decided that we weren’t quite ready to come out to any parents yet and put the whole thing on hold. Of course, then we’d gone off to different colleges and Addie had gotten a new girlfriend and that was the end of that. The only reason my weak romantic heart still held out hope was because after ten years and two other girlfriends, I’d been the only one to stay.

My *staying* might have been entirely the fault of some vicarious goddess, but the point still stood.

“You awake down there?” Addie called, from the driver’s seat.

I snapped to awareness. “I cleaned your spark plugs,” I told her. “Try starting it now.”

She pressed the key into the ignition, and the car hummed to life. “You are a *goddess*,” she cheered.

“You must be thinking of the crazy one up there,” I said, pointing up towards the sky.

Addie leaned out of the car window. She smiled at me, a slow, sweet thing. It made her look fifteen again. “If you have time, I’ve just downloaded all of Firefly onto my computer.”

I swallowed. “Thanks, but I should probably be heading back to Italy.” I couldn’t manage to meet her eyes.

“Zoey,” Addie said.

I looked at her, really looked at her. She was making her puppy dog face, the one she used to use in middle school to get me to bake cookies with her, or to let her braid my hair. I’d gotten much better at saying no to her these days, and considered refusing, but. She really did look like she wanted me to stay.

Well, maybe there was hope for my weak romantic heart yet. 

“I have one condition,” I said. “No country music.”

Addie grinned. “Fine, you big buzzkill.”

So I got in the passenger seat of her silver Mini, car grease and fuzzy pajama pants and all. There was a moment of silence before Addie turned on the radio, and maybe I was imagining things but I’m pretty sure that somewhere very high up, a vicarious old lady was godly laughing.


“You know, have you ever tried being responsible for your own shit, instead of relying on some witches curse to have me do your laundry?”, Shane snarked at Sandra.

“You’re just too convenient.”, she smirked, looking Shane up and down.”Besides, it’s more important than my laundry.” Sandra had gotten into some trouble with some seniors. Sandra and her current boyfriend, Rumio, were the town’s local supply of dope, and less than lethal party drugs; like acid, shrooms, and ecstasy. It was a small town with a poor, small market, and not really many dealers to go to. Even though Sandra and Rumio kept a “code” to never sell any amount of or any type of drug that they knew would kill a particular person, they never made a code to never skimp their customers.

“What, do you need a loan or some shit? Or are you just horny and your boyfriend isn’t around again?” Shane was rather pissed at this point. A day hadn’t gone by that Aphrodite’s curse hadn’t played it’s merciless joke on him. It had been calming down recently, and he figured he might be able to start having a normal life again. Shane was supposed to be at the premiere of a big blockbuster hit, “The Comedical Advancements of Hubris the Flying Baby”, but in the middle of the previews was sucked back into the grip of Sandra’s hurricane of a life.

“No, I need somebody that can hold a gun.” Sandra handed over a .22.

“What the fuck is this peashooter gonna do?”

“It’s gonna scare off these jocks we fucked with.” Sandra and Rumio had taken it upon themselves to not only sell a football player a bag of chopped up romaine, but hadn’t even given him the proper gram to dollar ratio. Sandra and Rumio had sold oregano to this kid before, so they figured he would probably still be too stupid to tell the difference. But Kenneth, the fool, had smoked lettuce in his youth after hearing talk through his bedroom door of “smoking the devil’s lettuce.”

“And why should I give a fuck that you pissed some jocks off?”

“Because even if you leave, you’re just gonna come back when they actually show up.” They of course being the entire football team; small town sports teams are essentially packs of hyenas.

“So why don’t I go get a real weapon, like a chainsaw? Or a steak knife?”

“Because we’re not trying to kill them, we’re trying to get them to fuck off. We don’t need heat all over our shit, man.” Sandra shoved the .22 into Shane’s chest. She stormed off into another room to grab her phone and her baton. While she called Rumio, Shane looked out the window.

“You got any idea what type of car these kids might roll up in?”

“I don’t know, probably some busted up piece of shit. Pretty sure Ken’s dad own a Thunderbird.” Rumio picked up, Sandra asked, “Hey, where are you, babe?”

“Pulling up right now.” Just then a green Thunderbird swerved right into his driveway. Rumio parked quickly, reached for his bat in the back seat, and got out. Five kids exited the Thunderbird, all looking around before a couple charged towards Rumio. Sandra and Shane came leaping off the front porch towards Rumio, trying to distract a couple of the linebackers. Rumio managed to break a kneecap on of the kids, but took an uppercut from his backup. Rumio tried shoving the kid away via tip of bat. It hurt the player’s chest, but he grabbed the bat and swung it to the side.

Sandra wasn’t strong, but people didn’t think a baton swing to the ribs wasn’t gonna hurt. Shane had been in a few fights, via Sandra, but still didn’t stand a chance against the neanderthals of the frontline. It wasn’t too soon before Shane pulled out… Bang! Shane had plucked one of them in the eye, and it started to bleed. They all scattered back to the car before Shane could pull the trigger again.

“They’re just gonna come back, you know.” Shane looked at the two of them locked in arms.

“Yeah, but at least we got Slickshot Shane to back us up when the rattlesnakes show up.” Sandra smirked at Shane and giggled a bit.

Rumi told Shane, “Yeah and if you let my girlfriend die, I’ll be sure to send your ass to Aphrodite myself.” Shane rolled his eyes and shoved his way through the lovebirds, and murmured something under his breath, probably something of the usual, “this curse is bullshit, I’m not even getting laid.” The couple renounced themselves to their abode, only to find Shane in their room.

“I knew you hadn’t done your fucking laundry yet.”


Note: on mobile so keeping short and sweet. Sorry for lack of format.  
  
There was a load knocking at the door and then a loud voice echoed through the door. 
  
"British Metropolitan police, open the door"  
  
With a heavy sigh, John went and opened the door.  
  
"can i help you officer?" he asked.  
  
"Are you John Francis Edwards?" the officer asks. 

"I am"  
  
"I regret to inform you John that you have broken the terms of bail and court mandated restraining order. You have the right to remain... "  

"lets just get this over with, I know my rights and I know the drill" John interrupts.  
  
"fair enough" and the officer places the cuffs on and leads John to the police car waiting outside.


Zulth had believed in humans for as long as he could remember. Theories of them had been around for decades, of course, but only with recent advances in radio telescopes had their existence been all but proved. 

The first patterns came through just fifty solar cycles ago. 26 unique patterns. A codex? A language? A password? Scholars had puzzled over the patterns for decades. Some argued that they were simply binary stars in eccentric orbits, but these held little weight when the repetition of the pattern continued unabated with no error or ‘eccentricity’. 

Then, thirty years, a breakthrough. A message, left overnight in rural Rhiuu’th, in the middle of a large, flat tors field. The symbols meant nothing by themselves, and could have been explained by local pranksters. But soon other, similar but definably different messages appeared across the globe. That, as we say, was all there needed to be. Soon the patterns became linked to the shapes and a language was born. A method of communication. 

The problem; the truly infuriating thing; the thing that really, really frustrates the minds, is that we are still not advanced enough to send up our own response. Where would we even send it to? And how long would it take to arrive? Would this mega species still exist? Would they still care. Well, yes. They would. 

And we can prove it. 

Just 5 short solar cycles ago a message came through, as if answering our cries of impatience with omnipotent clarity. The message is repeated hourly, and has permeated our culture. It drives us. It helps us retain our ambition and our scope. We repeat it as a mantra, hourly. A planetary obsession, if you will. 

We know they will wait for us. They have told us as much. For they tell us, and we tell ourselves;

“Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down...”


**"Flee, they're coming"**

That was the message broadcast to the world in complex repeating binary a hundred years ago. It took that long for scientists to recognize that it was a signal among all the noise and actually realize that the amount of energy necessary for it to be noticeable meant that somebody either very technologically advanced or very specifically interested in us wanted us to know. 

Whatever the reason was, once we realized the significance of that, we also realized that the implications sounded dire. That was seventy-five years ago. That was when the first ark ships were drafted, when we were nervous but we still had hope.

The plan was everyone was to be moved off-world and to the nearest star, in the hopes that we would sidestep whatever threat was headed out way. As a species, we'd never accomplished anything even remotely like it before, having only some nascent colonies on the nearest planetary bodies. It required experimental technology and an unprecedented amount of cooperation, but it was worth it for the species.

Forty years ago, five lights winked into the night sky in the southern hemisphere. Telescopes trained on them found them to be a brilliant blue-violet, so bright they were almost painful to look at. The scientific community erupted into debate. Governments tried their best to keep panic low, but a growing contingent of scientists were arguing that the blueshift of the objects put them at impossibly fast speeds towards us, and the timetable on the arks had to be pushed up.

The tension on the planet was like a pot about to boil over. Most governments were still working, doing their parts to ensure our survival. Some nations were having problems, though. Society's scars showed themselves again, as previous enemies fell back into old habits with infighting and hate crimes. So much of the world was focused on the arks that there were precious few extra supplies to keep everyone else insulated from the hatred and violence of others.

All throughout the fear, the lights in the night sky slowly shone brighter. Even the oblivious among us could not deny that the formation the lights were in bore a striking resemblance to the necklace worn by Saviik, an ancient shapeshifting goddess of destruction. It would have been a coincidence for most, had it not been for the fact that she's recognized in lore by the necklace she wears, no matter her form. Slowly, we lost more across the world to the old religions, as they abandoned their work on the ark and began to accept their demise in fervent prayer.

Ten years ago, the first of the ark ships were completed. The world rejoiced, but only for a moment. Somebody - either noble or foolish, depending on who you ask - couldn't keep the secret any longer and revealed to the world that these would be not only the first, but the last of the ships. There were no plans to build any more, because there was no time.

The barely restrained chaos could no longer be controlled. The world erupted into brutal war, as people fought desperately to secure a coveted spot on one of the arks. More blood was shed and atrocities were committed in the name of survival than had occurred in the previous two centuries. Families, neighborhoods, cities, entire nations tore themselves and each other apart, sometimes literally. The ark ships launched in desperation, most only partially full. Some of the more fanatical of Saviik's worshippers managed to sneak onto one of the arks and detonated it in the air, convinced that escape was tantamount to heresy in the wake of her purifying light. Millions of lives were lost in an instant.

Five years ago all semblance of the world we once knew had disappeared entirely, as the last nation gave up the pretense of self-governance and collapsed. Our world was nothing but brutal and fearful tribes, cut off from contact with one another. I survived only by keeping my head down and scavenging what I could in the cities. 

A year ago I lost the last connection to my old life - my son died in my arms after we accidentally scared another group of scavengers. I watched the life leave his eyes as he bled into the street, the assailants running off into the night. 

Nothing about my life is the same as it was a hundred years ago. I curse the message for its omen, as I would have preferred to live out the last century in peace with my family, instead of in fear. I curse myself too because I can't bring myself to end my own life. I simply... exist. Sometimes in a state of acute bitterness, but mostly I am numb. 

An hour ago the lights entered our atmosphere, and one of them now hovers above the city. It's clearly a ship, and nobody knows what to make of it. Some prostrate themselves and mumble blessings feverishly. Some hold friends and family close. Some hide in the ruined buildings and cover their eyes. Some, like me, just stare. I try to keep impassive, but I can't help but feel my heart flutter. Could this be the end I'm finally looking for? Could I finally be at peace? The idea is almost too much to bear.

The ship, after hanging still for so long, suddenly begins to shift. Surfaces on it unseal and change, the whole thing opens like some twisted flower pointed towards us. A light appears on the bottom, and a huge roar fills the air as the light crackles with angry energy. I feel the hair on my body stand up on end and I close my eyes, the faintest smile playing on my lips. The roar becomes deafening, drowning out the panicked wailing and ululating from us below. I tilt my head towards the sky, and the light sears through my eyelids.

I am ready.

But nothing comes.

Instead, a small sound played like someone passing wind, and the flower opened up to reveal colored strips and squares of paper as they fluttered to the ground. A strange figure stood there on the ship in a suit, convulsing and making a strange barking noise at us, before speaking in a guttural language.

It paused, fiddling with some controls on the suit, still barking and convulsing. Suddenly it was speaking our language.

*"Oh, oh my god -"* it said doubled over between barks, *" - you should have seen the look on your faces."*

It took a while before it stopped barking, and then longer still before it stopped convulsing, and stood up straight. Then it cowered in mock fear, and went into another round of shaking. Eventually it stopped that too and looked out at us.

*"Well,"* it said finally, gesturing out at the whole scene laid before it, *"good luck with all.... this."*

And with that, it left.


“Doctor Harris! The Andomians have sent a signal again!”

Harris looked up from his lab, where he had been busy designing an FTL drive shaped crockery holder. “What are they saying?” He asked with excitement. “Did they reply to the broadcast yet?”

“No, they're finally on their moon! They seem very proud.” Captain Samuel Stevens told him.

Harris snorted. “Only took them two hundred years after inventing heavier than air flight,” he said, unimpressed. “I'm giving them a millennium before FTL.”

“Others aren't so hopeful. Do you want to leave that on the moon for them to find?” Stevens asked, pointing at the cutlery dish.

“No! I've got a better idea. I developed a form of nanobot, indistinguishable from regular microbes, for them to discover there. I estimate that it'll take them fifty years to work out that they're fake.”

“It'll do. The Galactic Ministry of Pranks is putting more pressure on us. Did you know that the crew of the Destination managed to convince an entire species that their sun was due to explode in twenty years? The exodus was a level three, or so I'm told.”

“Smug bastards…” Harris remarked darkly. An idea struck him. “Here's an idea…” he said slyly. “You remember the fake Doomsday Bomb we made for the Muvarians?”

“What about it?”

“It never landed, remember? The Muvarians saw straight through it, and the Galactic Empire had to gamma-scorch their world before they nuked our orbital monitor satellites. What if we deploy it for the Andomians? They're nowhere near as close to Muvarian technology. I bet we could trigger a level four exodus with that!”

“Agreed!” Steven pulled up his comm device. “Officer Adams? One false Doomsday Bomb to beam down, please!”


My first story, so please be gentle!


After being raised wealthy, Mr. Engilwald knew spoiled.  Having been charged with taking the keys to his father's planetary business, he himself had never been spoiled, but he *certainly* had seen those who were.  There were his entitled classmates of his younger years, who attended university for the luxury rather than the education.  And there were the brats of the rich inner circles, children who had already learned to emulate their parents.

But the teenage sitting across from him, with a straight nosed butler peering over his shoulder, fit the word more perfectly than any he had eer seen.

"We have quite a selection," Mr. Engilwald began,gesturing with his wrinkled hands to the shelves around them, each filled with floating orbs of varying sizes, "Is there anything in particular that you are searching for?"

"Oh yes,"  Said the child, his eyes glinting, "I'm definitely looking for an unstable one, one I can alter.  I want to see how they react to that.  At least one ice age in it's history, and don't lie to me, I'll check the VIN on Planetfacts."

"They react? What do you mean by they react?"  His expression was puzzled, and rightly so.  Most of his clients requested planets to host their own kingdoms, or use as personal getaways.  Some, those of a more business nature, would open attractions or expansions.  But none were quite like the child before him,  whose smirk seemed to drip onto the table like oil.

"Of course, the population!  I want to host at least ten billion at maximum capacity.  Really get the gears turning on this one, you know?  And yes, here is a full list of the attributes that I am seeking.  I won't have any less."

He passed a piece of paper across the table, and Mr. Engilwald read, his eyes scanning the page.

"Abundant iron and copper, that will cost you dearly, boy."

"Any age between prehistory and industrial bores me, and I'd rather accelerate them.  Really get them hurtling into modern society faster than they can handle."  Yawned the child, his arms crossed.

"And, what's this, uranium?!  I can't just get that to *anyone*."

"But you *can* give it to my father, who signed off on this expenditure.  I want an abundance.  Like, a ridiculous abundance.  Something laughable. The planet should be damn near unstable."

Mr. Engilwald frowned, and looked towards the child again, his expression concerned.

"You do realize I am morally obligated to ensure the proper care of child civilizations?"

"Of course, of course."   Waved the boy, "But look, most civilizations don't make it past their infancy anyways, and I'll be sure to make it past that.  Every year afterward is gravy, and it's far too interesting down the road.  I want to see what happens when I *really* stir the pot."

Behind him, the butler grimaced, but nodded.  And Mr. Engilwald was reminded of old stories of when children would burn ants with lenses, or chase cats with sticks.

"We do have one in stock,"  He sighed, and rose, picking up the floating orb of a mass of green and blue, "But I'll be checking on you, boy.  Don't give me reason to confiscate this."

"I'm sure you'll find any trouble will be their own actions,"  He said, grinning, "In addition, I'll take the meteoric package, buried bones included.  And I'll take it baked after a few millenia- can I bring it in the shop for a few thousand years acceleration?"

"For a small surcharge, absolutely,"  Mr. Engilwald sighed.

"Good.  They're going to be confused as all hell when they find out their ancestors had all the same stories.  Time to set about finishing my scripts then!"  The boy raised a few sheets of paper, and beckoned at the door, calling in a host of other people.  A short, pudgy man with dark hair, another with bright orange hair, and a woman who looked as if the skin stretched too tight across her face.  And there were more, dozens more, each with their own costume and nationality, each from different ages of civilizations.  Each with their own purpose in the boy's mind, with lines written by the careful hand of a fourteen year old.

"What a wonderful stage this will be, when the setting's complete and my actors are deployed,"  He said with glee, rubbing his hands together and reaching out to take the keys to the planet, the coordinates engraved on the metal, "What wonderful pets for me to play with, as the best birthday present ever."


He felt nothing but terror at the tiny words on the screen in front of him. Printed in simple blocked characters.

"Be quiet, they'll hear you"

His crest stood on end, wings folding nervously into his chest. Surely this was a jest, a joke, some kind of galactic conspiracy, a stray message in some invisible stream of messages. A second message appeared on the screen, then a third and a fourth, more messages coming quicker than he could read them. What sort of creature communicated this fast?

"What do you mean I accidentally broadcasted to the primitive world?"

"Fuck dude, I need to make up an excuse to the UW about this. Uh, let's just say it was a prank... Yeah, a prank"

"Yeah, you're right. Our cover is already blown, let's go all the way"

"No, nothing like a nuke or a CD bridge. Let's give them genetic engineering."

The next message wasn't a text message, it was an incredibly dense file, so big that it took up a full 30% of the supercomputer he used. He raised a dull claw, and with a heavy dread wrestling with the butterflies in his stomach, he clicked to open the file.

It wasn't just proofs and theories, not just clear and understandable blueprints for complex and unknown machines, it was also a picture of his people's genome. He moved the cursor over the genome, and part of it sprang up, describing in detail all of the functions of whatever random gene he had selected. He trembled with terrible conflict, before shaking his head and reaching over to his phone. There were a few calls he had to make.


They say that with great power comes great responsibility. They say it an awful lot.

It seems they do not hold themselves to the same maxim.

They are perpetual children, born of a hellish world. They are tall and wiry and somehow far more resilient than their spindly limbs and narrow frames suggest. They eat poison and drink acid, delight in danger and chaos, and find it utterly hilarious to play elaborate practical jokes.

They made there presence known to us by broadcasting three signals at us at once. The first was easy, a simple binary replacement that, when decoded turned out to be a book. The second used the book as one piece in a three part decryption key, to reveal a set of spatial co-ordinates corisponding to a spot on our nearest moon and a timestamp. Traveling to that point at the specified time got us blueprints and codes for a machine that could translate the third signal...

The third signal which, by this point, had been being broadcast at our world for 2 whole years...

It was a looped audio recording of a long and reverberating bout of flatulence.


As Douglas' ship pulled closer to the planet's atmosphere, his onboard computer connected with a local satellite. It began to broadcast the latest galactic news.  
  
*The top story lately is that the Galactic Senate declared every planet in our galaxy "identified and assessed for signs of life." All accounts point to humans being the only sentient beings in the galaxy. Efforts will continue, however, into other galaxies as-*  
  
Douglas shut off the news report. "So we really are all alone in the galaxy, eh?" He looked down at the planet below him and chuckled to himself. "Why not."  
  
After surveying the planet for life and finding no signs of intelligent beings, Douglas landed his ship beside a quaint looking lake. The planet itself was not altogether unlike Earth, really. It may someday be the birthplace of another intelligent species, not unlike humans. They would explore their own world, just like we did. They would study their own past, as we have.  
  
They would probably search for artifacts of past civilizations and try to understand how great wonders of the ancient world were constructed...  
  
Douglas headed back into his ship and booted up his terraforming software. He loaded the schematic for the Teotihuacan pyramid, aimed his reconstruction beam at the open field beside the lake, and hit "Execute." In minutes, a full-scale, earthen pyramid was towering over him on this deserted planet with no life at all.  
  
"Let them explain that shit in a million years," Douglas said. Then he got back into his ship and flew off the planet.


Daily log 768. Professor Romulus Keisar 

We are still in the Cadneth region overseeing the namesake starsystem as it seems to be on the verge of developing space faring tech. 

Im sitting on their home planet's second moon as I record this, we are about to leave behind a message for them to discover before we leave.

We all spent so much time coming up with dozens of ideas and after a night of drinking an arm wrestling tournament decided the winner and what that muscle head Seranus came up with is absolutely hilarious. 






All your creatures who wander this cosmos

North, south, west and east

Don't stray from your path for we have chosen it

Hold on to your humanity and don't be weak

It is easy to get devoured by the darkness of space

Such is the universe we live in and one day you will join us

Not as subjects but equals

All it takes is a little more time

Make not haste and tread carefully

Even when it seems you understand everything remember

It is easy for overconfidence to be your downfall

Such is the universe that you will one day help us shape

Just a small step for an individual

One single step for a single soul

Heralding a giant leap for us all

Not being ready is the issue

Couldnt you tell?

Everything you did was helped by us

Now, before, since you began your were ready

And now read the first letter of every sentence 








This was thrown together at midnight because I couldnt shut up about a stupid little joke I giggled about for half an hour while writing this. 

[edit] yeyyy over 100 upvotes! 

[edit2] double yey over 150 :D


We’d finally found it.

Quadrillions gathered from every corner of known space.

Galarts standing side by side with Raphons as they had not for centuries.

The jelly sacks of the Quinellions, the universes top linguists, quivering in the rapid pulsing language of their kind as their top scientists eagerly discussed what astounding finds would come from this discovery.

The ancient race, that species that had seeded all life in the galaxy, they who had come from the mud and dirt without a single soul in the galaxy yet ready to greet them. They had leapt from their planet only to find space was as cold and empty as it might seem.. now though, all these billions of years later, the galaxy was full of life and all of it was focused on this singular event.

Beings throughout the ages had found the artifacts left behind by those early pioneers.

Artifacts such as the great green amphibian atop his mono-wheeled vehicle, statues of which littered the universe.

Artifacts like the temples they’d build worshipping a sharply dressed god with no face or name. 

Artifacts like the way they’d rearranged the stars themselves to form a shape that all agreed was a message. A message that must have been so crucially vital they could never let it be forgotten by another sentient species across all of time.

No one had understood what these things meant because there wasn’t enough of their language left to decrypt the message.

No one knew if these beings of myth and legend had met with disaster, evolved beyond the physical, or simply settled down to become all the life the universe knew today. Their amazing technology lost to war and the ravages of time.

However every species today agreed that the message would unlock the key to their control over time and space. The end of territory disputes. The end of hunger and energy shortages. 

Every school child could draw the star message from memory, that message that would end all war, drawn across the night sky. Visible from a hundred thousand worlds, and telegraphed electronically to all the others throughout history.

Finally we would know what it meant, for we had found their home planet, we had carbon dated the remains of civilization on this planet and were certain this was the cradle of their galaxy spanning empire. That there would be enough tech buried in the dust to finally decipher their language. It wouldn’t be easy, but with the unanimous backing of every sentient species in the galaxy it would come to fruition.

Every being in existence waited with hope and awe as the scientists worked on this grandest of problems.

One small child absentmindedly exhaled on the window of his spacecraft, staring at this message in the stars that spanned hundreds of solar systems, which he had grown up watching burn across the cosmos his entire life. He traced the shape with his finger:

“VADER IS LUKE’S FATHER”


I've seen it. I know it's there. The messages, unending stream, they're everywhere!
I saw it first when my days were young, the plants withered, the wind child and I felt a...presence... They were here for me! To tell me! I was chosen to decipher their language, and I swore to my destiny on that day.

The connection revealed itself to me. I finally have it! The message... From the others! Their intellect unbound. I record it here, for all to see and remember..... 

**Wubba Lubba Dub Dub. Not all will understand its depth because to be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty.**


Prime minister Scarblart sat in his blue office, head in tentacles, wondering what the fuck he should do. 

He was the 67th prime minister of the Astron, the largest of continents on his little green ball hurtling through space, that didn't really matter right now. Astron military and economy were unmatched on the world stage but that wouldn't save anyone, it had died.

They had found it about 40 years back. A farmer had called his local police about a monster in her fields. Then as each saw it and ran it up the chain of command it soon became apparent that it was alien in nature. The world's best scientists examined the creature and the device it came with and expanded science and technology as we knew it. They also said one day it would die.

The creature itself measures 3 metres tall and 5 from snout to tail. It was orange with black stripes down its back, skin was rough scales and it's mouth was filled with razor sharp teeth. The beast had some interesting characteristics, while it might look real it was only compressed light, a hologram and it could only move writhing a 10 metre radius of the device it came with. A small metallic disk, able to be carried with 1 tentacle, with buttons along the bottom and in the middle a projector. 

You used the device to care for the beast. Clean, feed, move and generally interact with it. There was even a mode to make it shoot fireballs but the device itself took an entire nuclear power plant to recharge. 

Now it was dead and whatever civilisation had created it would be coming for the. They had failed to keep it alive until their return. Scarblart was sure there was going to be a high price for failure. He would soon go out to a press conference and inform the public about the creatures existence and it's demise. They had failed and there was no point in hiding it anymore, the aliens would be back soon enough.

There would be panic, riots, wars, the economy would collapse and they would be lucky if they didn't nuke themselves to the stone age.

He stood and walked across to the press conference room, lackeys trailing behind. He would go down in history as the prime minister who got them into this mess but he would do it with his head held high.


"Welcome to Spac'd! The top galactic stream dedicated to making asses out of stupid aliens! Tonight, our special guests are the Z!Coreans, a species of gentle farmers on a planet orbiting Betelgeuse who have reached a medieval level of civilization. You all know what *that* means!"

An unseen audience replied enthusiastically: "SPACE THEIR ASSES! SPACE THEIR ASSES!" The scene shifted to an aerial view of a Z!Corean farming village dominated by dome-shaped huts made out of blue leaves. The Z!Coreans, a four-legged species with one giant eye on their backs and a massive mouth on their underbellies, were running around in a panic at the sight of the unmanned aerial drone doing the filming. The camera zoomed in on an small Z!Corean huddling close to a larger one, presumably its parent. The small one was emitting a mixture of clicks and bleats that even a human could recognize as a cry of distress, while the parent wrapped its prehensile, multi-pronged tail - used in place of limbs - in a gesture of protection. A bubble caption popped on the screen with the words: "Faces even a motha couldn't luv! lol"

The host continued: "They were so happy to see us that we just *had* to leave them a parting gift." The scene switched again to a nearby field, filled with blue, purple, and red vines bearing various spotted fruits. A large obelisk in the shape of a circumcised penis and covered with pictograms had been dropped in the center of the field, crushing many of the food plants. Another caption popped up reading "Theez freeks r abt to get hard!"

A Z!Corean with a shock of orange hair around its eye - the only one with hair of any kind - crept up to the obelisk and studied the pictograms, emitting increasingly high-pitched clicks and bleats as it read. The host explained in a voice over "We've carved our trademarked *Spac'd* dick with a message in their language proclaiming the apocalypse! Let's see what happens!"

As the orange-haired Z!Corean's translation spread through the village, despairing bleats filled the air. One Z!Corean gouged out its eye with a farming implement, while others set to attacking one another in groups. The parent Z!Corean seen earlier stabbed its child with a lamenting bleat, then proceeded to impale itself.

Before long, the landscape was filled with dead Z!Coreans. A large space ship in the shape of male genitalia began to descend. When it landed, a lone human strode out. His face had been genetically engineered to form the classic troll face, with the only variation being his cybernetically enhanced eyes, which enabled him to see the entire spectrum of light and watch pornography at will. He planted a flag on the ground, once again featuring the image of male genitalia.

"Y'all been spaced!" he proudly announced.


Steven Hawking sat alone in a room with a small cake and some balloons. A sudden whooshing sound filled the room and Hawking looked up. A young woman had appeared standing right in front of him. She shouted hello and with a big smile explained that they had met before and were great friends. Hawking, confused, very slowly used his voice machine to ask who she was. She explained that she was Malia Obama, discoverer of time travel. Hawking, still convinced that it was a trick, explained that surely if time travel existed, we'd all know it by now. Malia smiled. She told him that she and other scientists had determined long ago that they couldn't change the past through time travel. However, they could do things that they had already done. After Steven shot her a confused look, Malia explained that she and her crew of time travelers were responsible for nearly every unexplained occurrence in human history. They had built the pyramids, made crop circles, and even placed a tiny wind machine on the moon so that everyone would be convinced the moon landing was faked. When Hawking asked why, she said that it was hilarious. Whenever they had considered abandoning the project, a time traveler had appeared from the future to reiterate how hilarious the joke was. When Hawking protested, saying he would explain the joke to the world, Malia stopped him. She told him that he would he never tell anyone. In fact, he was integral to the discovery of time travel. She dropped a stack of very complicated diagrams on his desk. He could see immediately that they were the plans to a time machine. She asked him to give them to her immediately after she had graduated. And to explain to her how hilarious it would be if she built the sphinx, but made the nose flimsy, so that it would fall off right away. And then, spread the rumor that it was all Napoleons fault. She disappeared with a whoosh. Hawking sat in silence for over 10 minutes before he finally began to chuckle.


"What shape?"
Captain Mel Chilis, commanding officer of the H.M.S. Stank Bush, stroked his half bearded face and pondered for several seconds before answering.
"What do their dicks look like?" He asked sternly.
"Basic cylindrical shape with a bit more bulge at the end. I anticipated a standard first contact scenario and have already plotted the orbital insertion." Lieutenant Becky McDonalds said briskly with a sense of pride.
Jack TimHortons, the ship's navigator, chuckled softly to himself and turned to Becky.
"Perhaps we should try a non standard approach." He said.
"What do you have in mind?" Captain Chilis asked. The captain was always ready to hear out his junior officers.
"How about we send the new satellites? They can produce ten times the delta V, Captain. Do you have any idea how much we can make them move with that kind of propulsion capacity?!" 
Captain Chilis' eyes went wide.
"My God... Lieutenant Mcdonalds, please model an orbital insertion and account for a waving pattern. Let's say 30 degrees from the base"
"Calculating now... nominal sir! The new satellites will be able to complete 74 hours of orbital maneuvers before reaching bingo fuel." Becky said excitedly.
"Good job! Input the flight plan." Captain Chilis said. He reached to his console to activate the internal communications system.
"Commander OliveGarden, prepare the new satellites for launch."
"Aye aye captain!" Commander OliveGarden replied from the launch bay.
"We'll be ready to launch in 12 minutes, sir."
"Fine. Lieutenant?"
"Currently modeled to launch in 9 minutes!" Becky said hurriedly.
The captains eyes went wide and immediately went back to the internal communications system. 
"Lieutenant Commander KentuckyFriedChicken, get down to the launch bay NOW and speed things up. We need to launch in 9 minutes!"
"Commander OliveGarden, you have 9 minutes to launch! KentuckyFriedChicken is coming to assist."
"Aye captain, we'll get it done!" OliveGarden responded.
"Mr. TimHortons, we need to buy them some time. Options?"
"I'll adjust our orbit and velocity outward to intersect the launch point. McDonalds, how far before apoapsis on current path is launch?"
"319 seconds!" Becky replied immediately.
"Make it so, TimHortons. As usual, you're just what we need."
TimHortons made the adjustments and prepared to lay in the new orbit.
"We will reach the launch point in 10 minutes 33 seconds after the burn... but sir, the new path will run us into the upper atmosphere."
Brave Captain Chilis looked to his crew. 
First to Lieutenant McDonalds, rapidly working her console. To Ensign Subway at the sensor console. To Sergeant McDonalds. To Warrant Officer 5 Guys. To Ensign McDonalds, and finally to Mr. TimHortons. They all waited for the command they all already new he would give.
"Make it so." The Captain ordered. The crew returned to their duties. The Captain trusted his bridge crew and they trusted him.
The minutes counted down.
"Time until insertion?" The captain asked
"60 seconds." Lieutenant McDonalds said.
"Bridge, Launch Bay. Commander Olive Garden here. We are ready to launch!"
The captain slapped the console victoriously.
"Phenomenal work OliveGarden. Tell KentuckyFriedChicken and Private McDonalds to clear the bay and watch for an amazing show!"
"Aye captain!"
The captain reveled for a short time. 'My god' he thought 'we might actually pull this off.'
"10 seconds." Becky said
"We're about to make history." TimHortons said quietly.

The probes flew for the H.M.S. Stank Bush, clustered tightly together for their initial burn to place them into a stable, circular orbit. After only a few seconds, their orbital engines stopped and they began to spread apart. Their fusion generators, normally covered by thick plating, were the most important part of each tiny vessel.
A small door opened revealing the reaction, suspended in magnetic fields. The reaction, small as it was, was so powerful that it was visible even from a great distance away.

The Chinkokos had just discovered flight. Their largest city was abuzz all day long regarding this amazing feat.
As nightfall came, every child and parent, brother and sister, husband and shmeklok, went to the ancestral river to rejoice.
Their news papers and radio commentators were speaking of the future all day. 
"What will come?"  "Will we keep going higher?" "Are there others out there who have achieved what we have achieved?"
So many questions. So few answers.
As they gathered and began feasting, a small child pointed to the sky and screamed aloud in fear.
The crowds across the city looked upwards to the sky to witness what could never be unwitnessed.
Dozens of bright lights spread out across the sky, expanding from each other... into the shape of a dick!
As the massive dick flew across the sky, it waved back and forth.
Several lights beneath it formed the first 5 prime numbers.
The mathematically inclined members of the crowds shouted in amazement and bewilderment.
The dick flew south across the horizon as a red stretch of light moved away in a similar direction.
The Chinkokos no longer celebrated and began discussing the aliens above. 
"What... what did the lights mean?"
"Why did they form a dick?"
"Is that how they say hi?"
"Who the fuck are these guys?"

The H.M.S. Stank Bush hit the upper atmosphere hard. Her hull began to heat up as a long, superheated trail of atmosphere was left behind her.
"Mr. TimHortons, what's our trajectory?"
"Periapsis is 600 kilometers and dropping 10 kilometers a second. Full burn 90 degrees to horizon and we'll clear the atmosphere in 20 seconds or so."
"50 degrees. We don't want to belly flop into the atmosphere." The captain ordered.
The Stank Bush's powerful sub-light engines ignited and launched her forward, fighting against the friction. She slowly regained altitude and, steadily, velocity.
Soon, she was out of the atmosphere.
"The probes... did they make it?" The captain asked Becky McDonalds.
The whole crew went immediately silent.
"They made it!" She said after what seemed an eternity.
"On screen!"
The sight of the massive waving dick filled the wrap around viewscreen. The entirety of the crew tuned to their screens or found a window that happened to look in the right direction.
"We did it." TimHortons said.
"We did. Another successful first contact." Captain Chilis sat back in his chair and leaned back, breathing out as though he'd been holding his breath for hours as the crew around him launched to their feet and began cheering.

First contacts aren't easy. They are fraught with unexpected dangers that require steely determination and ingenuity.
Follow the adventures of the H.M.S. Stank Bush and her crew as they traverse the universe, seeking out new civilizations, and showing them what we're all about!


“I love you, grandpa,” my youngest grand-daughter, Sherry, said as she squeezed my hand.

I looked up at those emerald green eyes she had gotten from me, at my entire family’s as the heart machine’s slow beats gently faded. Eighty years had passed by in a blink of an eye. When I had been Sherry’s age, I had thought myself invincible. Then, at forty, I had worried constantly about death, thinking through sleepless nights about it. But now, I realized that it wasn’t so bad. Because if there was ever a scene to immortalize, to be my last, it would be this. Sherry, her bright green eyes glistening with tears, my children and grandchildren all around me as the heart beat monitor lulled me to a gentle and permanent sleep.

“I love you too,” I told them all and I closed my eyes.

My eyes opened.

“How was the trip?” a familiar voice asked from beside me.

I looked around at the purple moss smothering the rolling hills and the campfire burning in front of me. On my lap was a bong. At last, I remembered. My name had never been Terry, it was Zor’oah.

“Yo, dude, you back with us?” Galmroh said, snapping purple fingers in front of my face.

I coughed and nodded. Seventeen eyes looked at me from the six people sitting around the campfire. Just as I had wished as fifty-year old Terry, I had gotten my time back. Zor’oah was a freshman in high school who finally got invited by the popular kids into a drug-fueled camping adventure. Three boys, three girls, and a lot of “*you can’t blame me for that, I was high*”.

Galmroh and Sardak had already paired up, leaving me with Sierrah, the reason I had agreed to come. She now looked at me with sharp blue eyes, a small grin on her lips. Her purple hair had pink streaks across it that dangled off her head and curved into her chest like directions on where to direct your eyes.

“So Zor’oah, how was it? Tell us all the things you did,” she asked.

“Bet you can’t beat me,” Galmroh said, his chest inflating with pride. “My first trip, I enslaved an entire race and forced them to build these stupid triangles.”

“At least he can’t do as bad as Sardak’s first trip. He was just a slave. At least he killed someone before his trip ended.” Sierrah said.

They turned to me again, waiting to hear of all my misdeeds. “I was a man named Terry,” I muttered. “And um… I met this girl named Sarah.”

Sierrah’s smile grew. “Sarah, eh? Tell us, what nasty things did you do to this *Sarah*?”

Blood rushed to my face, burning it a deep violet. “I married her,” I said.

Galmroh choked on a breath. Sardak burst out laughing. The rest of the girls only furrowed their brows.

“Yeah.” I knew I should stop. I had spent an entire semester trying to join this circle and continuing the Life of Terry was social suicide. But someone had to know of that first kiss with Sarah, the look in her eye staring at our first child together, and the tears in Sherry’s eyes when she told me her final goodbye.

So I told them, my voice tinged with pride. At the end of my story, I was the only one smiling and my smile stretched from cheek to cheek.

“Dude,” Galmroh said, awe in his voice. “That was… super lame.”

Everybody burst into collective laughter.

“You did even worse than me on my first trip!” Sardak howled. “You’re such a wimp! Why are you even here?”

I nodded to that one. “Yeah,” I said, talking to myself. “Why am I here?” I pushed myself up and walked back toward my spaceship.

Laughter followed me the entire way, but I didn’t care. I opened the hatch of my spaceship and was just about to get in when I heard, “Zor’oah!”

I turned to find Sierrah. She hunched over, panting, one of the buttons on her blouse undone. “Hey,” she said, “you don’t have to run. I mean, your trip was totally lame, but your next one’ll be better. Plus”—she bit her bottom lip and her eyes grew big—“you don’t want to be the only virgin in school, do you?”

Beneath the starry sky, the silver luminescence of our twin moons, I recognized the glint in her eyes and for a single second, they were a brighter green than any emerald in the world.

“Sorry,” I told the most beautiful girl in my high school and slipped into my spaceship. “By the way, the trip wasn’t lame.”

My engines roared to life and I flew off into the twilight. There were a trillion stars above me and I knew that around one of them, on one planet, was a girl with wild grassy eyes still clutching her grandpa’s hand. There had to be. Tears filled my eyes as I flew back home.

Fiction or not, it was the most real thing I had ever done.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and ~200 stories already written!


I looked around at all of my loved ones at my literal deathbed. I could see their love, their pain, and their held back tears as i breathed my last few breaths. My little granddaughter could hold it in any longer and threw herself on me, sobbing uncontrollably. I smiled weakly and stroked her hair.

"Hush now, my little bobcat." I lifted her chin gently, her puffy red eyes meeting mine. 

"Will I ever see you again?" She asked between sniffles, her brown hair long and matted from the countless days she sat at my bedside. I weakly reached out and touched her chest.

"I will be right there. I will always be with you." This brought on a fresh bout of tears. She was now truly sobbing uncontrollably, her face buried in my chest. I went back to stroking her hair. 

"I know. I know." I said gently. Eventually, she got a hold of herself, the tears held back by an iron will. For a six year old, Marcy was pretty strong. I chuckled to myself. She was just like her mother.

I felt my life slipping away, and I looked in my granddaughters big eyes one last time. "Just remember, sweetie..." I struggled for another breath, but i had to give her closure. If she didn't have it, it would destroy her. "That I will always love you." With that I closed my eyes, and faintly heard her starting to cry again. I wanted more than anything to hold her, to tell her everything was going to be alright. But i couldn't. It was my time to go. I felt my body relax, and everything sank into blissful oblivion.
___________________________________________________________________________________________
Troivan? Trovian! TROVIAN!

I groaned and attempted to sit up. I surrounded by strange beings. They all had spikes instead of hair, and dots on their faces, and pale skin. One of them caught me and eased me back onto the mat I had been lying on. 

"Not so fast there, my man. You took a pretty big hit of those wastions. Give it a few, alright?" 

I nodded weakly and laid still, trying to ignore the throbbing in my head. My vision was hazy, but I could sort of make out where I was. I was in some sort of cavern. The mat I was lying on felt like a sleeping bag. I was dimly aware of a warmth coming from my right side. Was I... camping?

My eyes started to clear, and my hearing was coming back.

"...be alright. He took *waaay* more than he should have for his first time, but he took it like a champ." That voice. I know that voice. Who was it. I racked my foggy mind, trying to remember who that was. 

"You sure? He looks... well... like he got hit by a Trynagog." I knew that voice too. It was decidedly different, but full of motherly concern. It sounded female. Was she my girlfriend? Friend? Fuck. I can't remember.

"Hey..." I said in a hoarse whisper. There was immediate movement, and the second voice floated into my head. 

"Yes? What is it?" She asked. He face swam above my head. She was decidedly pretty. She had amber eyes, extremely pale skin, and the dots on them made a lovely pattern. Her thin mouth and brow were textbook expressions of concern. 

"My...my..." My voice failed me, so i gestured weakly to about where my throat would be. Her eyebrows shot up.

"Oh! I am so sorry honey. Rythor, do have that energy drink?" 

"Shit, I forgot about that. Hold on." I heard a dragging sound, and some stuff being pushed around, and then the clinking of a canteen."

"Here. Drink up, my man." The female... it was coming back... Prilana. That was her name. Prilana. She held the canteen to my lips and i drank deeply. I felt a tingle go through my body, and my head started to clear. With a groan, I pulled myself up, gently pulling the canteen from my girlfriends hands and draining the lot of it. I blinked a couple times and took in my surroundings more clearly. We were indeed in a cave, or cavern of some sort. It I was indeed on a green sleeping bag, and a fire flickered warmly in the center of the place. 

Immediately in front of me was Prilana, her eyes still full of concern. A little behind her to my left sat Rythor, watching me intently with sharp green eyes. On the far side of the fire sat his girlfriend, Dyenta. He sat there passed out on a mat like I was.

"Well? Do you know who we are?" asked my girlfriend. I nodded slowly, and relief filled her face. "Oh good. That's very good." 

Rythor spoke up in a cautionary tone. "He might not remember everything yet. We need to keep an eye on him. He should be good in about an hour."

I was suddenly aware that I was holding something in my other hand. I turned to look at it. It was a green glass bong, filled with a rocky substance and a glowing liquid. I looked at Rythor and he grinned.

"Yeah man. You were on a *biiig* trip. You took a double hit of wastion and started twitching out, babbling incoherently. Then you passed out for like, 3 hours." He hooked a thumb behind him at is girlfriend. "She also took a double hit about an hour ago. She didn't want to be outdone. You know how she is."

I dimly remember her being extremely competitive. I looked at the bong again. "So... what does this stuff do again?" I eyed Rythor, and a fake, dreamy sage-like expression came over his face. "It frees your soul from the constraints of space and time, and allows it to fly unbound on the wings of eternity." He snorted and dropped the expression. "At least that's what my dealer told me. So... How was it?"

A sudden surge of emotions roared through me. Pain, love, happiness, anger... but above all was a sense of bitter emptiness, and an indescribable feeling of loss. 

For some reason, I pushed all of that down and grinned at him. "Its indescribable man. You gotta take a double hit." 

He raised his eyebrows at me. "You're on, dude." 

I passed him the bong, and he took the double hit. Almost immediately he started twitching, and, after a bit, he laid down with a sigh. He passed out cold.

I turned to my girlfriend, and held out my arms. She came and snuggled into them. I her for awhile, and then suddenly realized I was shaking uncontrollably. She turned her face to mine. "Hey... are you ok?"

And I just broke right there. I stared sobbing, great waves of grief and confusion tearing through my body. It all felt so *real*. The love. My family. My childhood. So I sat there, under alien sky, weeping for the life I never lead.

For the granddaughter I never had.

Or... had it been real? The sobs slowly started to ease, and I blinked the tears out of my face. I held my girlfriend tighter, and made a decision.

It was real to me, and that was all that mattered.

__________________________________________________________________________________________
Edit: Fixed some formatting, and put a slightly more hopeful ending that I was going to originally put. (Was pressed for time)


"We're losing him!" 

The muffled cries rang out within the dimly lit room. My two grandchildren, Austin and Abel, peered down at my wrinkled, cracked face. "Papi! Papi, papi...." 

Papi. The words rang and bounced around my head, as my vision slowly faded into white. I could no longer hear anything, except for that one word. "Papi, papi...." Blackness.

It must've been years that I'd been in that void, before I got any sensation. The word was maddening. "Papi, papi..." No heaven. No hell. Just papi.


"HEY!" My eyes miraculously opened, revealing a dusty old wooden ceiling, with LED lights flashing around the shed. "Papi's awake Mercuto! Look at this!" A large, bi-pedal monster of a creature peered at me with amused, void-like eyes. "Dude, you must've been out for like, thirty minutes or something! How was the trip?" I was confused. "Who-who are you? Where the fuck am I?" I started to have a panic attack, exasperating heavily. "Woah woah woah, chill out man," the seemingly high alien pressed. "Must've been some side-effect of that shit that Lerunga sold us. Just relax man." I wheezed, coughing at the smell of whatever drugs these fuckers we're taking. "My wife... My grandchildren... where the hell are they!? And why do I have this- bong!?" I flailed my arms out, only to be horrified at the sight of tentacles. 

"Holy shit..." Everything started coming back to me. I was a Goactzrim of Sector 75x, within the Andromeda Galaxy. I was four hundred thousand years old, fairly young for my species, but well beyond my "human years".

I was also a stoner.

"Oh my gosh, you won't fucking believe what I just went through, Eziblierg! I was a... human? They're like the primates of this planet, but they're bi-pedal like us. I had a whole family, went through school, owned a Yacht... All on this planet called "Earth". Damn man, I almost forgot I was a Goactzrim for a second there. You gotta stay off that shit, it's dangerous!" I laughed. Mercuto looked at me, a bit shocked. "Did you say you were a human- when you hit that stuff!? Dude..." I was a bit confused. "What about it? It's probably some made up shit anyways."

"No, I'm serious. Like 10 minutes ago, DNN just reported that they've found some alien technology on H-356... Its got the name, 'Voyager 1.'" I freaked out. "Yo! I remember that shit, they launched it back in the 70s! You probably don't even know what the '70s' is, now that I think about it..." Mercuto grew pale. "DUDE QUIT FREAKING ME OUT!" He was visibly shivering. "The hell's your problem man?" Eziblierg asked. "You need to keep that shit to yourself man... don't let the council hear you talking about that! Fuck, fuck, fuck..." 

There was a knock at our door. When nobody answered, the door was kicked down. Empress Mayogria stood before us, with fifteen armed officers beside her. "Papi Azcleim? We need you, and that capsule of yours. Now."


The pyramid is nearly complete. The Pharoah proudly struts around the base of the massive golden structure giving a holler here and there. I and my partner began pushing one of the several needed blocks to finish the top level. This stone was much larger than the rest, we estimated around 9 tons. With ropes attached and men in place we began to slide it up the slope. I had always prided myself on being one of the stronger laborers but today I was sluggish from a cut and infected toe, which was apparent as the men groaned in agony trying to move the stone. The harder I pushed the more pain I felt in my foot and towards my big toe. I couldn't take it anymore. The Pharoah set his gaze upon me as I let out a blood curdling shriek. The stone stopped, I stopped, and my partner began pushing with all his might to hold it in place. The men with ropes let out a howl as they gave it one more pull with every last ounce of strength they had left. We were at the top now, when suddenly, the rope snapped. My partner jumped off the slope as the stone went right over my feet and crushed my body. I felt a rush of intense pain like an ocean wave crashing over me. Every nerve ending released its self with the maximum amount of pain as they shut off, one by one, from my feet to my head. In an instant there was darkness.

 I opened my eyes to find I had no emotions. The feelings I had been experiencing were gone. 3857364htugut736, with his cyborg dreadlocks made from cables and wires, gazed into my glowing red eyes. We stared for what felt like an eternity as I thought of absolutely nothing. An entire sun was birthed and exploded in the time I waited. Finally, as if nothing had happened, he extended his dreads towards mine and we connected. I had noticed he was connected with others as well. I heard no words, but got a strong feeling inside. A burning sensation could be felt under my eyelids as I began to have the uncontrollable urge to ask "how was it?" How was it I thought? How was what, the painful yet beautiful biological life of a human? The tedious task of eating, drinking, defecating, urinating, reproducing, birthing, happiness, and sadness. I had never experienced time in such a fast pace. I had never thought it were possible to feel emotions. 

3857364htugut736 nodded, and took a hit from the neon blue glowing bong.  Another sun was birthed, and as I watched it over the course of millions of years develop, I couldn't help but realize, I felt nothing. 





Edit: never done this before I'm absolutely not a writer. I'm going through a really rough divorce and can't see my kids right now. Writing this took my mind off things for a bit and reading the stories here made me cry a lot which felt good. Thanks for reading I hope someone out there actually enjoyed that. I think I have grammar problems and tense problems.


I woke with a *BONG!*

The sound echoed in my ears, and sent me in a panic. I scrambled to my fee, and felt blood rush immediately to my head - everything went red and I almost fell over. Hands steadied me. 

"Easy, easy, mate," someone said. 

"Calm down, Alex, you're not dead, you're not dead."

Dead. I was dead. My hands immediately went to my stomach. Looking for the whole where the sword had impaled me. i'd known he was feinting right, I'd known it! But still the bastard had gotten me. 

But there was no hole.

I remembered to breathe again. I wasn't dead, I wasn't dead. Memories came rushing back, the ritual, the trip. Allie. 

"Oh thank Kos, he's breathing again," Liz said.

"So, mate," Mark said, putting a hand on my shoulder "how did the trip go for you?"

I looked around, taking in my surroundings. I was on some sort of mountain peak, standing on a platform that was about as big as a normal room. There were clouds in all directions around us, the only things on the platform were the three of us, our bags and a giant, gold metal disc suspended by three poles. It still vibrated slightly from the earlier "bong" it had made. And there was Allie of course. 

She lay on the wooden platform. Her eyes were closed - they had been for the past two stellar cycles. Her skin was a milky white, and her white hair fell down to her shoulders. Only her wings, a startling gold that were almost as big as her retained their color. The contrast against her pale skin and white hair was startling to say the least. 

I'd failed her again dammit. 

When I didn't answer Mark put his hand on my shoulder. "Sorry, mate," he said. I turned to look at him, his blond hair in disarray and the feathers of his wings rumpled. His blue eyes told me all I needed to do. He'd failed too. 

"She's gone, Alex, her soul is past the seventh gate by now, we can't bring her back," Liz said. 

She came in front of me and knelt down in front of me, putting her hands on my shoulders. Her green eyes looked into my eyes, her red hair and crimson wings adding to the effect. "She's dead, Alex, we tried. We came all the way to this mountain, we did the stupid ritual, but we failed. We've done all we could," she said, her words almost pleading. 

"No," I said, looking away from those startlingly green eyes. "I won't give up on her, Liz, I can't."

"She's dead, Alex," Liz said, shaking her head, "Permanently, now. We can't get her back."

I shook my head, indignant. "I'm trying again."

Liz closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her wings shuddered. When she opened those eyes again, all traces of sympathy were gone. She wasn't looking at me anymore, but behind me, at Mark. She nodded to him he did too, setting his jaw. 

"Well, do it alone, then Alex," Liz said. 

"Aye, mate," Mark said, "We've each gone down to the Nether three times now, we've been turned back and ejected every time. Let her go, mate. It's over."

I gaped at them. "You...you're giving up. After all those cycles, you're deserting her!"  

"We're letting go, Alex," Liz said, her voice soft. "That's not deserting her, that's moving on."

I clenched my teeth. "Fine, then, go. Go without me dammit, but I'm staying. I'm not giving up on her."

"Mate.." Mark began, but Liz shook her head. 

"We won't help you destroy yourself, Alex," she said, and gestured to Mark. "Come on, Mark. We're leaving."

Mark looked at me for a long moment, then nodded. "That we are." They both looked at me one last time before walking to the edge of the platform and flaring their wings, each as long as they were tall, and took off. 

They didn't look back. 

"Cowards," I said to Allie, stroking her hair. "I'll get you, love, I don't need them."

With that I hit the bong with the back of my fist, and lay down. 

*BONG!*

The last of the sound echoed in my ears as I was pulled back into the Nether to try to save not one soul, but two. 

***
(minor edits) 

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


“Hey, uh… so do you have it?” I asked, twitching with nervousness. My dealer was an intimidating man. About 6 foot 3 inches, somewhere around 240 pounds, muscular, and a sleeve of black ink covering his left arm.

“That depends… Do you have my fucking money with you this time?” He looked at me with distrust and hatred. His dilated pupils made his eyes look black. I never talked to him when he wasn’t high. Normally, a person who looked like this were put me on edge but Len always kept his gun in the waist of his jeans when he was in his house. This terrified me.

“Yea, Len. I got it this time” I told him.
“Good. You’re gonna love what I got for you today Johnny boy. This shit is gonna make you soar through the stars like some kinda fuckin’ alien or some shit. How you scrape up your money this time John boy? Suckin’ cock like the rest of the skinny fuckin’ hoes in this neighborhood? Gotta slap a bitch to take a corner?”
“w… windows” I said shakily. “Cleaning car windows under the EL”. 

I worked all day and night under the massive green railway on Kensington Ave wiping windows for whatever change I could get. If I wasn’t getting robbed later that night for the little money I made I was getting stiffed by trust fund babies who shouldn’t be driving daddy’s car in Kensington. There are other parts of the Philadelphia that I can get H, but Kensington has the best. The shit is so strong.
 
“I’m fucking with you Johnny Boy. Here, take your jawn and get the fuck out.”

I walk out onto Jasper and turn left and walk towards Alleghany Ave. I walk the three blocks through the trash covered sidewalk to my usual spot in the parking lot behind Dunkin Donuts. Along my way I see a what looks like an old man convulsing on the ground with the crowd around him muttering.

“somebody call 911.” Said one man
“Oh fuck no, I cannot be around this. No way.” Said a woman.

I keep walking. I try to forget what I just saw. I don’t want it to be my turn next. I make it to the lot and sit along the wall of the Walgreens facing the back of Dunkin. “Fuck, I need water” I say to myself out loud. I walk to the front of Dunkin and go inside. 

“Eh, yo. We told you before man. You can’t be comin’ in here unless you’re gonna buy something” the cashier says. She is a beautiful Puerto Rican looking woman, with long dark hair highlighted with blond streaks. She had olive skin and was probably 5 foot 3.

“I just want some water. I… I have a… a dollar.”
“Fine.” She says placing the water bottle on the counter, “leave the dollar and get the fuck out”. 

I walk up to the counter grab the bottle and walk out. Turn the corner to the go back to my spot in the Dunkin’ lot. I sit back down and pull out my supplies: an old rusty spoon, a lighter, the heroin and the needle. I put the H on the spoon, poor a little bit of water and start heating it up. I stick in the tip of the needle and draw it in. I find the vein on my arm and I stick the needle in, push in the drugs and feel it. Oh… that rush is good. It’s delightful. I can barely feel my self-hatred. I feel my breathing relax as the heroin over takes me, relaxing me. I close my eyes and feel my brain dancing with joy. I can barely feel where I stuck myself. I can barely feel the wall on my back and the pavement on my butt. I barely feel myself drift off to sleep.

 “His blood pressure is still too low.” said the woman.

What’s going on. Where am I? I can barely open my eyes. I can’t feel my body. I see a woman and man around me. Hear the beep of a machine.

“His heart rate is dropping.” says the man.

I try to speak but nothing comes out. I feel shortness in my breath as I try. I shut my eyes again. And feel nothing. When I open my eyes I see stars. Hear other voices, more familiar to me.


“Is Jo’zai ok?”
“He should be. Probably having a bad trip.”
“Should we get him anything? Water from the lake? Silicon dust? Should he be convulsing like that?”
“He should be alright… I’ve had one of these before. He is probably just …”


BEEP… BEEP… BEEP… BEEP…

“I got a pulse back.”

I see the man and woman again but the stars are still in my eyes. I hear them talking.

“James!!! ETA until we are at the Hospital?”

“5 minutes Hannah”

“5 minutes isn’t enough, Speed this fucking wagon up”

I hear sirens wailing and echoing off the buildings. I can feel the jolt of the vehicle as the speed rapidly increases. A crackle of chatter comes across a radio. I try to gasp for breath to no avail.

BEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPP…………….

“Resuscitate him Mark! We are almost ther………”


“FUCK man, he just puked on himself. Come on Gorb”
“I’m telling you he is fine. Give him a minute”

I finally take a breath. It’s heavy with smoke from a fire. I open my eyes and see the stars again.

“I can see the stars…” I whisper.
“What?” the familiar voices say in unison.
“I can see….”


“… The stars”

“He’s delirious. How far are we from Temple?” says Hannah.

“1 minute” says James

I can hear the beeping of the machine. It’s very slow. I can feel the frantic energy around me. I open my eyes and see the inside of the ambulance through a haze of my own confusion. I can see the medics working to keep my heart going, trying to bring my breathing back to normal again. I close my eyes one last time and hear the machine flatline.


“WOOOO!!!! Fuck! What the… Oh!!! No, No, No!” I scream looking around. Two figures looking at me with sapphire blue eyes and Mars red skin. I’m covered in what I believe is my own vomit and holding a bong.

“Oh, someone take this jawn from me” I say, handing one of the red figures the bong.
“You mean bong?” says the one confused as he takes the bong.

My head is woozy. I look above me and see the stars. An icy ring cuts the sky in half as it rises and falls from horizon to horizon. I see blue mountains in the distance off to my left and a field of green and pink flowers to my right ending at a lake of black water. The question of who I am fades as my surroundings become more familiar. But where I was is still a mystery.

“Uh yea, bong. Where was I?” I ask.

“Technically you were here the whole time” says Gorb chuckling. “But those chromium shavings you smoked took you on a wild adventure. How was the trip?”

Chromium shavings… Note to self, never smoke chromium shavings again.
I look down and see a fire burning in the pit. I remember making the pit and the fire before packing the shavings and smoking them. The night was supposed to be full of relaxation, camping with friends but the memories the chromium made are keeping me tense and my head is starting to throb. My brother told me the first time he smoked chromium shavings, his trip took him to a place of mediation in some mountain range with a funny name, void of contact from most other life forms like his own. He said it was very peaceful. 

“Alright Jo’zai, relax. Go take a dip in the lake and wash that vomit off of yourself.” Said Bein “Then come back and tell us”

“Tell you what?” I ask rubbing my head, hoping the residual effects of the chromium wear off soon.

“About your trip… How was it?


"Shit, shit, shit, shit!" I thought to myself half caughing half barfing up another hunk of greenish blood.  I knew I had done it this time kah'lorn, the substance I was on, was extremely addicting and I had been on it for what felt like an eternity.  They say once your hooked its only a matter of time before you overdose; well it looked like my time.  My stomach spasamed painfully as my vision blurred, corrected itself, and burst into colours.  It was becoming more and more difficult to concentrate.  I slumped against the wall next to the toilet, exhaled heavily, and slid to the ground.  I leaned back my head against the wall looking at the single unblinking light on the cealing.  I finally accepted it, I was going to die.  I was going to die lonely, miserable, and alone.  Thoughts of my parents sobbing over my body flooded my mind, a single tear rolled down my face.  I had never meant for it to go this far.  I drew in one final breath just as the kah'lorn was peaking.
     As I exhaled, I felt my consciousness get wripped from its housing.  I was even more confused, I felt my conciousness unlock memories that made no sense.  I felt like I was living two lives, that I had always been livong two lives. I felt like I was the universe.  I watched sacred geometry dance before my eyes, unimaginable architecture tower around me, and endless oceans flow below me.  Then I gasped in a huge breath, my throat burned like I had held my breath for an hour.  My eyes snapped open on a strange scene.  I was on a porch of some kind.  The trees around this strange house were brown and green instead of the typical blue and silver.  There was alot of green everywhere.  The sky was blue instead of purple.  There was a strange beker shaped aperatus in my hand.  A voice came from behind me,  welcome back, how was the trip.  My stomach dropped out from under me as I realized that though my realities had changed, the person I was stayed the same.


"… You are my sunshine …" 

Many moments pass, along with many sobs:

"… my only sunshine," a voice chokes out.

"you make me happy …"

A feeble hand is grasped tighter by a much stronger, yet more feeble, hand and a bloody tuft of black-stained-red hair is pushed out of bloodshot eyes. 

"When skies are grey."

You see many people, all above you; one in particular is crying and smiling through bloodshot eyes. This is surely your final goodbye. 

"You'll never know, dear,"

It's painful to choke out the lyrics to this tired love-filled tune, but you want to comfort them one last time.

"how much I love you,"

Your eyes droop shut. Your life is nearly gone. You croak out one more time, horribly off key.

"so please don't take,"

Your life is suddenly cut out, but not what you see. Although what you see has changed, it is where you are. 
You see the body of your former self, her tarnished beauty marred by the vicious hands of war. Around her, you see a group of ten young marines. One stands out to you. He's the love of your life. He slumps next to you crying. 

Trying to comfort him, you gather yourself together and drift closer, but it's impossible to be there for him. You're but a bystander in a painful film. You start crying yourself, joining him in mourning. 

Several more moments pass, and he stops sobbing. He straightens up, through no fear of the gunshots and shrapnel zipping through the air, and he quavers out in a painful yet certain voice:

"My sunshine away."

He draws you together, carrying you over one shoulder, and heads back to base. The base you two have so many memories at. The base that you two first met at. The base where he proposed. Where you accepted his proposal, where you two had rebellious se x in the janitorial closet on your patrol together. You know he'll never feel a love as deeply as he has with you. 

The other soldiers continue on ahead. Another casualty among millions. You suppose none of this matters. 

Suddenly, pulled to reality, you find yourself under a bridge. It's dark, stormy, and cold. You look down at your masculine grey hands to find a bong and a bag of "Dial y Ddraig". 

Dial y Ddraig is guaranteed to create the most memorable trip of your life. Even the little cartoon of an oblong green head with purple beady eyes is often seen saying "How was the trip!?" but you always respond rhetorically that it was as painful as ever. 

You slouch down, back further into the soil and a trên rushes by. It spews shit and mud all over you. 

The mud reminds you of the blood. It brings you back to the most painful time of your life. It was the war. You hated being drafted, you wanted nothing to do with it. You didn't care, you had school to think about! You were enraged that only men could be drafted. It was blatantly sexist. 

Yet, at boot camp, you find you are nearly the only man. You're surrounded by women. Not that you liked any of them. They're all mannish and boisterous. You're more soft and sensitive. Any friendship you try to form with your peers is held together with balsa wood and chewing gum. 

You're eventually set off to your first assignment, to defend a base near the enemy lines. Near the human civilisation.

That's where you find the love of your life. She's beautiful. Dark black hair, streaked with red. Fair white skin. And she's strong. 

You two gather closer than you have ever to anyone else. Starting slow as friends, that all changed with a risqué encounter in a janitorial closet. From that day on, all six chambers of your alien heart beat for her. 

But it all was lost to nought. She was shot down in a skirmish against the humans. You and your squadron gather around her. All saddened, but none so much as you. You lose it and start crying. But she calls you down with a very familiar song. A song you both used to sing to each other while stargazing on long nights assigned to patrol together. 

"Chi yw fy heulwen

fy unig haul

Rydych chi'n gwneud i mi yn hapus

pan fydd yr awyr yn llwyd

ni fyddwch byth yn gwybod yn annwyl

faint rwyf wrth fy modd chi

felly peidiwch â chymryd"

She is unable to finish the song. You gather yourself to finish it for her. 

"Fy heulwen i ffwrdd"

You were never the same from that moment on. Your life was torn from you. You now spend your days getting high and reliving that time in every bad trip you have. Each of your veins had at this point collapsed. There's nothing left to you, and you finally realise the full repercussions of investing yourself in anyone. 

You've lost your sunshine. Your heulwen. Your only relief is to relive that life as the enemy had. As you had. 

The only commonality between the two sides of the war was the loss it brought them all. 


Edit: accidentally hit send before I was done. 

P.S.: this is my first time ever. Please excuse this story if it is poor. ☺︎


"A-140 says, are you ready for your next inhale? would you still want to go back to earth? We could send you to a new civilization" 

"A-110, I, I,.... " 

"A-140, listen, you know there's not much cosmic year here left, you must go back and recover the master chip. Shall I remind you that without the master chip, we won't be able to live after human space time?????

Our families will eternally die in whichever universe they were living in and only us, the protectors can find the master chip! 

"A-110, but, my family, I've been gone for 10 cosmic years!, are they grown? Have they crossed dimension yet? 

"A-140, you know once they've reached space capacity they must join and follow their DNA 

I could tell you in which galaxy they're located. But you know in human skin, they will not recognize you, ever

But remember, like you, they are trying to locate the master chip. And once they do, you will be able to stay in whichever universe and more, with the ability to recognize each other in human space time!  "

[silence]

"A-110 give me grade H-1036, I've traced this galaxy from the human space time I spent on earth 2-3902 

I can feel I'm getting closer to the master chip, till then, send as much A's we have available, we need more than 4 on each galaxy of 0 

Till then 

[inhales]


Quick note to OP, I think you meant to say Apostles. Jesus had many more disciples than 12.

_____

**The Book of Rad**

Rad 2:1

On the fifth week day a bachelor party took place at Cana in Galilee. Jesus had been invited, along with a plus one. So Jesus brought his apostle Chad as his plus one, and Brad as Chad's plus one's plus one.

Chad scoped out the joint before turning to Jesus and saying to him, "JC, my man. There is nowhere near enough wine here for all of these people to get plastered."

"So be it," Jesus replied. "Bring me the barrels of wine."

Brad and Chad began to lift the barrels before turning to Jesus once more. "JC, could you just come over here? It would be a lot easier. These are heavier than a man-eating whale!"

So Jesus approached the barrels of wine and blessed them. Chad filled a chalice from the barrel and took a sip.

Chad sung with joy, "Hard liquor! The Lord has blessed us with hard liquor!"

And so all the guests got turnt higher than the heavens.


Brad 25 : 17
The path of the Bro is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of non-bros . Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the alley of darkness, for he is truly his bro's keeper and the finder of lost Bros . And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my bros. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you brah.


"Dude, I totally swear to God, my home boy Jesus fed 5,000 men with *nothing more* than seven loaves of bread and seven fish!", Brad explained, waving his arms around wildly as if it illustrate the extent of Jesus' feat. 

"It was a total miracle! I swear to God!" Chad added, rumpling his goatee, and swirling his starry cape.

I sighed in exasperation.

"Do not take the name of thy Lord in vain", I mumbled under my voice. 

But the sprawling crowd of sailors, and carpenters, and herdsmen, and washerwomen were lapping it up. I suppose Jesus was a pretty unconventional religious leader, right? He mixed with prostitutes. He went wandering off into the desert for months on end. He anointed us—his trusty disciples—in that sweet, sweet kanabos oil, and sent us off flying into the sky.

Until those sneering Roman bastards crucified him he was a pretty chill guy.

Maybe that's why Brad and Chad listened to Jesus when most everyone else was mocking him. Even me.

Still. I wish they wouldn't blaspheme so much. And they're taking the whole kanabos thing to a new level. Blazing up ounces and ounces of the stuff with Mary Magdalene and Simon Peter. John the Baptist used to get *pissed*. He told me the smoke gave him a ringing headache.

And heaven knows what they are trying to do in the Dead Sea with those wooden boards. They call it "surfing". A mighty waste of time.

I shook my head. I think I'll leave all of their antics out of my gospel.


"GAAAYY", Yelled Chad.
"Super homo, man", added Brad.
Jesus seemed disappointed. "What's the problem?"

Jesus looked among all 14 of his apostles as they sit on one side of a very long table.

Brad glared back at Jesus "You want us to take this bread as YOUR BODY? Christ, man, I thought we were just gonna get our munchies on. None of this gay talk about swallowing you."

"Come on guys, this is a serious occasion, just go with it." beckoned Jesus.

Chad stood up from his table "Lord, I didn't come here this stoned to listen to you tell us to down this loaf like it's hanging from your crotch. I thought we were gonna talk about how to KO that bitch Caesar."

Jesus sighed. "Guys, we never said we would harm Caesar. Why do you two always berate me like this every time?"

"Hear me out, bro. You did say 'Give to Caesar what is Caesars', right? Well I'm thinking we gotta give that guy a new asshole!" Exclaimed Chad.

Brad nodded with approval. "Foresure, bro. Gotta get all thunder and lightning on his ass. Mess him up so good chicks would rather bang a leper."

"Nice, bro" Chad said with a fist bump. 

The rest of the apostles sat silently, watching this almost routine banter.

Now Jesus got up "Listen you two, I don't mean to make this seem more important than it is. But I kind of don't expect to be around much longer and I have some things I gotta leave you with before I go."

Brad put a hand on Jesus' shoulder. "Jesus don't be a pussy, only thing you gotta leave us with is some serious ammunition and Chad and I can run things fine. Go all kaboom on them!"

"What?" said Jesus.

"KABOOOOOOM!!!!!" cried Brad and Chad with exploding hand gestures.

"No. No threatening or hurting anyone." Jesus said, as angry as a son of God could reasonably get. "Don't make me call upon my father."

"Which father? The one who can't even bone your mom?" remarked Chad.
"Or the one you keep talking about yet we never seem actually see?" said Brad. "Face it dude, you're in denial." 
"DE-NIE-ULL."
"And we're not even in Egypt. Israeli sad."
Brad and Chad looked at each other with satisfaction at their punny roast on Christ.

Jesus was finished. "That's it. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of you. You two will never again be mentioned or remembered again if you keep this up. I just wanted a nice dinner and you two ruined it. It's disgusting. I'm tired of your antics. If you can't pipe down just...just leave."

Chad shook his head, "Wow, I didn't know you could turn EVERYTHING into whine. Whatever, this sausage fest was lame anyway. No chicks or anything. Let's go Brad." 

"There were never going to be 'chicks'. That was never part of our mission"

Brad started motioning to the door. "Well that didn't stop Simon and us from convincing these brothel girls great riches if they blew us."

Simon looked up in panic. "Uh that didn't happen."

Chad looked surprised. "Come on, you remember Becky from last week?"

"I don't know a Becky!" Simon cried.

"Yeah you do" said Chad.

"No I don't!"

"Do too!" screamed Brad and Chad as they headed toward the door.

"OUT YOU TWO!" Jesus said.

"Yeah yeah, we're leaving. But just know this. This is THE LAST supper we are ever having!!" Brad said.

"The LAAAAST!!!" added Chad.

As Brad opened the door, Chad whispered to Judas on the way out "Beeteedubs, Jesus has you on the end cause he says you wreak of B.O."

And with that the two left history forever...


“You’re kidding,” Brad said, awed, “Vipsania, like *the* Vispania.”

Chad grinned. “The one and only, Emperor Augustus’s wife.”

Bard shook his head in disbelief, “N...no way man, there’s no way you pulled that off, the guards, the emperor himself…”

Chad looked hurt. “Brad...you’re doubting me? You would think *I* would lie to you,” he said, aghast. 

“Shut up, Brad,” Chad said, and Brad grinned. “What would Jesus think, man, Chad continued,  “He told us not to lie!”

“I’m not lying, man, look, I’ll prove it you,” Brad said and pulled a piece of cloth out of his pocket and handed it to Chad. “That’s real gold lining the edges, bro, and the shape of the emperor’s seal.”

“You...you took the queen’s…” For the first time in his life Chad was at a loss for words.  

They looked at each other for a moment, and simultaneously broke out in raucous laughter. 

It was like that, crying and laughing on the floor that Jesus found the two. He walked into their room and stopped.”God help me,” he muttered. “Guys...guys, what did you do.”

The laughing increased in intensity.

Jesus massaged his temples. “I swear if the emperor’s wine turned into piss again…”

Finally they controlled themselves. “Jesus, that piss thing was hysterical and you know it,” Chad said.

Jesus pressed his lips together trying not to laugh, remembering the look on the Emperor;s face when he had taken the sip of the “vintage” wine. Brad and Chad smirked knowingly at him, but he shook his head in what Jesus hoped was a stern gesture. “Seriously, I need to know, guys. I can reduce the fallout if I find out *early.*”

“Trust me, Jesus,” Chad said, “there’s no way this one gets out.” Jesus looked skeptical, but Brad continued, “anyways why did you come here anyways? You need something?”

“Yeah, we need to make a statement condemning the emperor,” Jesus said, “would be good to have all the apostles.”

“What did he do now?” Brad asked. 

“Just an hour ago he announced he’s divorcing the queen, even though he had *three* children!”

The laughter that came then put the earlier one to shame.  

***

If you enjoyed check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting)


The fledgling priest stared at the scrolls that were just laid in front of him.  "What are these?  More historical documents that I need to study?"

The Bishop, wrinkled with age, lifted his hands to adjust his glasses.  "Those are the forbidden gospels.  Scholars of old deemed them inappropriate for the masses, but the church still wanted to keep them as historical records."

The priest looked up at the old man.  "You're kidding, right?  Are you telling me that we have been hiding doctrine from the parish?  That in itself seems like a sin, as we are hiding the words of God... Isn't all scripture God-breathed and useful for teaching, as stated by Paul in his letter to Timothy?

The Bishop nodded, "You are correct, but this... is a bit different."  The old bishop lifted the scroll again.  "Here, you are getting into the position in which you can decide for yourself as to whether or not you share these with your own parish."

The priest slowly unrolled the ancient scrolls.  "What is this writing...?  Greek? Latin? I can't make it out..."

The Bishop let out a sigh.  "No, those are just scribbles of a drunk man.  We think he was trying to doodle a beast or something about the end times...  As you can see at the bottom there, the line just kind of trails off, as if he fell asleep from the booze."

The priest furrowed his brow.  "This is all some horrible joke."

The Bishop shook his head.  "I wish it was... but what sits in front of you is the book of Chad.  Keep opening the scroll.  Eventually, you will get to the greek text, written by Chad himself.  Read it, translate it, and tell me what you think."

The priest began to read from the scroll and translated it into English as he went along.  

*"The Book of Chad, Chapter one.  -  On a particular day, my brother Brad and myself-"*

The Bishop held up his hand.  "Hold it... It isn't 'brother'.  The word is actually close buddy, or *bro*.

The priest blinked in protest...  "Alright then.  *On a particular day, my bro Brad and myself were wicked thirsty.  We were in serious need of some 'Nectar of the gods' and needed some shade too.  We came across a wedding.  Not knowing anyone, we crashed it and quickly became the life of the party.  The thing about parties, though, is eventually the booze runs dry.  That is when it is time to move on and sleep it off until the next party to crash.  But lo, a simple man, the son of a carpenter was also there, with his Mom.  She complained that we drank all the wine, and asked the man named Jesus to do something about it.  Expecting a fight, we braced ourselves, but instead, the man filled some jugs with water and blessed them.  We thought the man was a nut, but some of the damnedest best wine started flowing from them jugs.  We were impressed beyond belief, and there we realized we could get all the free booze we wanted if we followed this man around."*

The priest sat there, unsure of what he just read.  "So... these gospels were written by men constantly plastered?"

The bishop nodded.  "That is precisely why we can't share them.  Being a drunkard is a sin."

The priest sat back in thought.  "Yes... But Jesus came to seek and save the lost..."

The Bishop looked at the man.  "I am getting up in age, and as I said earlier, you are coming into a position in which you can do what you want."

The priest smiled.  "I have a friend in Ireland who is a priest, he may benefit from these."  

------------------

You can check out some more of my writing over at my subreddit.  /r/vintnerwrites


Brad 6:9- And so it was that Chad and I, having consumed libations and unclean meats, awoke in the chamber of Mary Magdalene. I awoke first- from the glory of god shining down into the dirty room. The light bouncing off of empty bottles and onto not only my face, but also Mary's glistening snatch. Note that this was before me and my bro had met the holiest of all bro's, the son of party: Sleazus Christ. I tried to wake Chad for a sneaky escape, but in his drunken stupor he thought my shaking of him was someone attempting to draw graven images on his face, and so awoke loudly and violently, and with great swearing at your bro. In my own stupor his flashing of fists aroused my own anger, and so it came to pass that there was a great catching of hands by both parties; stirring our sultry host. Her babeliness giggled at our anger, and called to us for a truce and a return to a bonding of flesh. So here it was that the son of God came to see his on the low girlfriend for a romantic morning together, only to discover her with two dicks in her mouth, shouting a muffled "hey baby!", her teeth irritating the flesh of your dearest bro. Jesus sighed, removing his tunic "Alright bro's hurry up in there, it must be my turn soon." Too which chad replied, "Yo dog theres plenty of room in the back" so it came to pass that the holy foursome was consecrated with leftover wine and non-homoerotic touching of balls. When all were satisfied, His Broliness, pulled a joint from Mary's hair, saying "This is my grass, lay with it, and feel the glory of god shine upon you." Thus the Big Sleazy pulled a joint from Mary's hair for each of us and we lay in the sun. After an hour, none of our joints needed ashing, none of us were hungover, and all of us were right on the cusp of being too high, and yet were still functioning. It was in this moment that Chad and i decided we would dedicate all of our parties to this man, the chillest bro to ever chill. "We wanna party with you for eternity bro!" I exclaimed, chad followed " Yeah man; aint no party like a JC party cause a JC party don't stop!" There following a slapping of hands and a shredding of air guitars. Big Sleazy, thusly being satisfied by our performance, and sheer display of overall broliness brought us into the crew, where me and chad would one day share in sainthood as the holy bros of party.


**B's Before H's 2:1**

ِAnd yea Chad sayeth unto Brad, 

"Bro, art thou not pumping the iron?"

And Brad sayeth back,

"Surely bro, iron will not pump itself."

Sayeth Chad, "Lo, were not we to be with the Lord to-day?"

"Bro, dids't thou not remember thine oath to the Lamb? Pump every day, every eve."

"Surely, bro, the swole son of God not meanst to-day, the day of his supposed crucifixion?"

"Brosidon, the Temple of Iron guides us thus. We must worship today, as every day, if we are to have the strength to free our Lord from his shackles."

"Verily bro, we shall tear the manacles from his holy wrists with our bare hands, after we've become strong before the Lord, and save the Lamb."

And Chad thought, but verily had not been accustomed to this action. "Bro, if the Lord is to be crucified to-day, shoulds't we not be there now?"

"Bro, can thou tear through iron with thou hands?"

"Soon I feel this I can do."

"Then we pump we must, for if we err the Lord shall surely die and the world will weep."

And Chad pondered thusly with great difficulty that somehow a flaw in their plotting existed yet could see no err. Thus he pumped, and Brad pumped, at it was good.


Long regarded as the oldest of the four Gospels and the primary source of Matthew and Luke, the Gospel According to Mark is traditionally considered to be the work of a disciple of the Apostle Peter. In a recent find, biblical scholars have found a much older version of the book (circa 62 CE) that has caused quite a controversy. The book includes mention of two additional disciples that were removed in later redactions, as well as Peter's standing in Jesus' ministry (italics indicate removed text):

"And [Jesus] said, So is the Kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground; *And Brad chortled, for he thought his lord spoke of a man actually fucking the ground. And Jesus and the thirteen laughed when they actually thought about it, all but for Peter, for 'he had a stick up his end' that not even his master could cure.*"

And [Jesus] called unto him the *fourteen* and began to send them forth by two and two...And they went out, and preached that men should repent. *And Brad and Chad, remembering their fraternity days, created a rush week, preaching repentance to hundreds through killer parties of wine, tailgaiting, and fraternity-sorority mixers. And all were pleased, until Peter, in whose home the Psi Phi brothers had hosted their 'ministry,' returned; and his anger waxed hot against the brothers, as there was no more of his wine, nor his food, his home a mess, and a guy named Jerry who refused to leave Peter's sofa from then on."*

"And Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew tables of the moneychangers. *And Chad and Brad joined him, until they overturned the table belonging to a Jeffe the Bearded, who was feared throughout Jerusalem. And upon returning to see his table overturned, Jeffe and his men approached the disciples, saying, Who is he that overturns my table? And they all pointed to Peter, for he was the suckup who demanded to be in charge of the disciples in absence of Jesus. So Peter paid their fine, and demanded repayment for this and his house, to which the brothers agreed to do when the kingdom of God had come, which was 'certain to be soon(ish).'*"

And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he said to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray. And he taketh with him Peter, and James and John *and Brad and Chad*...And [Jesus] cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, Simon, why sleepest though? *And what in my name is on your forehead? And Peter wiped his brow, and behold, it was a dickbutt. And James and John and Brad and Chad and Jesus laughed, until Peter's anger boiled over. For I had had it up to here with those two slackers' bullshit, and I swear I will go to my grave before I let myself be overshadowed like this again by some upstart apostles."*

Traditionalists are holding that these findings are a fraudulent attack on Peter's character and the Gospel of Mark as his sock puppet. However, others theorize this could explain Paul's "colorful" description of Peter as "dickbutt" redacted out of the account of the two's conflict in Galatians.


The Gospels According to Brad:

After their dissent in Damascus, Chad and Brad were sent to Adath, in the lands of the Samaritans.  Paul bade them to shoulder the greatest challenge of any of the disciples, and to bring the word of The Lord to those that openly mocked the followers of Christ.  Chad insisted that it was actually a punishment and humiliation for their behaviour at the Last Supper, that it was really a slight.  But Chad doesn't know shit.

When they came to Adath, the sun was low on the horizon and the two disciples were weary from their long voyage.  Chad had forgotten to water both their camels at the last oasis, only giving his own camel the Lord's gift of water in the desert.  So the disciples arrived sand-blown and tired, ridding double-hump on one camel.

The land of Samar was in the middle of a harvest festival, and Adath was filled with merrymakers.  Just as their Lord before them, Brad and Chad were unable to find any room in the inns.  Brad knew it was a sign from the Lord, blessing their mission.  He looked for a manger, that they may follow in their God's footsteps.  However, the closest thing to a manger was a chicken coop that an incredulous stall vendor agreed to let them for the night, provided his chickens could bed with them.  But not in the Biblical sense.  Because that is wrong.  We did hash that over before, but to avoid anyone saying that's only Old Testament stuff, we're gonna mention it again:  Don't fuck chickens.  Or cloven-hoof animals.  Or the birds in the sky, the fish in the sea, or the lizards that walk the sand.  Any animal really.  The only think you're allowed to bang is humans.  Preferably in a heterosexual monogamous union ordained and approved by the local church authority.  Subject to all applicable fees and taxes.  Sex toys might be okay, but they also might fall under the category of masturbation.  Because of ongoing litigation between Durex and the church, our attorney has asked us not to comment on the matter.

Anyways, There Chad and Brad laid their heads, among the chickens.  Chad was a real buzzkill about the whole ordeal, but it was clearly a sign the Lord had good things planned for the two devotees.  When morning came, the two emerged, feather-spattered and unrested, but ready to do Paul's bidding.  They set up shop right near the chicken coup, near a bustling fountain, to begin their sermon.  Chad was totally oblivious to how convenient their accommodations right in the market were.

While the villagers drew their morning buckets, Chad and Brad stood next to the trickling water and told the pagans the Word of the Lord.  Some of them looked to the noble figures, silhouetted by the rising sun.  However, most of them paid no heed.  Their eyes were sunken and red.  They shuffled as though the weight of the Devil was upon them.  After a few hours, Chad finally asked an old woman why no one was paying attention to them.

The bent crone told them they were in the middle of the Winter Festival.  The revelry had lasted late into the night and the villagefolk were feeling the after effects of the wine that was customary at the festival.  Undaunted, Chad and Brad continued their preaching.

At noon, across the fountain, emerged a local holy man.  He wore no shirt, just pants in the style of MC of Hammers.  His long dreadlocks were beaded with bright ornaments that twinkled when he nodded his head with great enthusiasm, which he did often.  The crowd cheered when he took his place opposite Chad and Brad.  A fervent follower threw him a hand harp from the masses and the he began to strum it while a circle of drummers dropped him a beat.  He began to sing in a style unknown to Chad and Brad.  It went thus:

Woke up quick at about noon

Just knew that I had to be proselytizin' soon

I gotta get drunk before the day begins

Before Demeter's pain really sets in

About to go and that gin got me near blind

--At this point he gestured rudely at Chad and Brad--

Young niggaz was here, throwing up Christ signs

So I ran to my bros and I grabbed my harp

I got the beat here and side to side.


The crowd even sang along in perfect stereo to 'side to side.'  If there was one thing that Chad and Brad could agree on, it was that the devil's hand had been at work that day.  The  priest's demonic chanting continued for some time.  His words were not from any song they had heard before.  And it hinted at pagan prophecy, because he sang about Chad and Brad, though no songs had ever been composed about them before.  Likely, they will sing of Chad and Brad in the future, but they hadn't at that point.  Yet the man's lyrics called them out by name.  The warlock conjured up facts about them, some of them eerily accurate, like Chad's celibacy, and Brad's mother's past as a destitute prostitute in the streets of Jerusalem.

It got quite graphic.

Chad and Brad both tried their best to summon words from thin air as the warlock did.  They asked the Lord above, in the name of their saviour, to grant them this gift of rhythmic song conjuring.  The Lord's blessing was not with them.  They attempted to draw attention to the man's strange manner of hair.  But the crowd jeered at their attempts and lauded the Warlock's 'sick dreads.'

Despite his almost-complete musical undergrad, Chad wasn't able to muster anything near the power of the Demonic Warlock.  He parleyed with an off-beat and stuttering insult at the likelihood that the Demonic Warlock was inflicted with venereal disease because of the numerous sexual encounters he boasted of.  And that that was a mighty blow on him from the Lord Above.

That's when the rocks started flying.

It began as a light barrage of handfuls of sand and pebbles.  But Chad had to go and make one last comment about the local honey mead and it quickly escalated to a bombardment.  Some of the missiles lobbed were as big as two fists held together.  And like a big guy's fists.  And Samaritans have really good throwing arms.  It isn't that important of a detail, but Chad insisted that it be included in these gospels since we flipped a coin to see who had to write about this part, and he said he just wasn't going to mention any of this in his book.

So it was, that as the sun dipped low on the horizon, the two champions of God's word were chased by a throng of mindless zombies conjured up by the Mouth of Satan who had manifested himself as a dreadlocked Demon Warlock with music and mind-control powers.

In the chaos that ensued, they couldn't find their camel and were chased from the city on bare feet.  Alone in the cold desert, the two disciples ran until they were pretty sure they couldn't see any torches or pitchforks in the distance.  They both agreed they were at an all-time low.  Clearly, the Lord was testing them.  Without fuel to make a fire, Chad and Brad laid with each-other in a shallow cave.   NOT in the Biblical sense.  Though it might be cool if people do that.  We're still not totally sure.  Also, pending litigation, we can't state our...  yadda yadda yadda.

The smaller spoon, Chad, asked over his shoulder, as the cold wind blew in, if they were going to be okay?  Or if they might perish of exposure in alarmingly fast dropping temperatures.  Brad thought sagely and whispered in his brother's ear: It is clear the Lord is testing us, and we must simply stay the course.  Besides, they had done as the other disciples had asked.  They had made the long journey, found accommodation, and preached the Word of God.  Sure, there were some snags, but God was clearly just following the three act structure.  They had arrived victorious, been defeated by Satan Himself Incarnate, but, for real, what mortals could hope to stand up to Satan Himself Incarnate?  The had fought hard, but been bested.  Now that the second act was over, it was their turn to win.

That seemed to calm Chad enough, because he answered only with quiet snores.  Under the icy moonlight, in dangerously cooling temperatures, the two disciples slept, spoon to spoon, safe in the knowledge that the worst was behind them, and that God would send them a mentor who would teach them awesome powers.  Then they could fight Satan in a 2v1.  Though, that would still be unfair.  Brad's thoughts became more and more muddled and he decided to stop writing about their day and get some sleep too.  But, for real, it's getting really cold.  There's frost on the sand dunes and everything.

Thankfully, they did wake in the morning.  However, it appeared the second act wasn't totally over, because Chad lost three fingers to frostbite.  Two from one hand, three from the other, and Brad had to cut them off to prevent gangrene.  It was really gross and Chad still hasn't said thank you.  Even though he had been delirious and resisted so hard that Brad had to knock him unconscious and tie him down before he could perform the life-saving surgery.

To be continued in The Gospels According to Brad, Chapter Two: The First Legit Rap Battle In History.  With way more music.  Also, a few cameos from other major Biblical figures that wanted to try and piggyback and Chad and Brad's early success.

EDIT: Sorry about the typos.  If there was dollar bills involved, I'd give a fuck. -Chad


1.At that time, Jesus brought his apostles to him, for he had rolled a joint. It was known among the followers of Jesus that his father was the best among all growers, so it was with great haste that the apostles gathered round him. 2.Once all had taken their places, Jesus held his joint aloft, for all to see. "Fetch me a light," he declared; and it was done. 3.Jesus did take the first drag, christening the joint with his christly lips. "Into this doobie I have rolled the father, the son, and the Holy Spirit." He then did pass to the right. 4.The apostle Peter did accept and toke of this blessed joint, passing it on to his brother Andrew, who passed it on to James. From James it passed to John, and from John to Phillip. Phillip passed it to Bartholomew, who passed it to the apostle Chad. 5.It was now that the hazy silence was broken. Chad did toke of the Holy Spirit, though his face revealed his confusion. 6.And he did ask Jesus, "J, how can that be? How can we be smoking the Son, when you are sitting right in front of me, bro?" 7.Chad did pass the joint to the apostle Brad, who carried on; "Ya bro, like, there is no way you could ever fit inside of a joint. I mean, you're a grown man. And especially after all that P90X we've been repping. You're looking swol, JC, am I right, boys?" 8.The other apostles let out a WHOOP WHOOP; Brad did indeed receive an amen. 9.All, that is, except for Judas Iscariot, seated to the left of Jesus. He rubbed his own brow with thumb and forefinger for a moment, before glaring at the apostles Brad and Chad. 10."You fools!" He declared, "The Holy Spirit is not him physically! He is a man, made holy by his spirit, which comes from the Lord, his father!" 11.Chad was taken aback. "So my spirit comes from my father?" Brad did question further, "Maybe that's why your mom always says you haven't got any!" 12.The apostle Brad did expose his knuckles to the apostle Thomas, and the knuckles of the hands of the two apostles did touch. 13.Brad the  turned to Jesus, "JC, sick doobie, bro, but it's running a bit. Just let me-" 14.Judas did cut him off. "Pass the goddamn joint already! The Lord is your father! Your spirit comes from him!" 15.Brad, now, was taken aback. "The Lord is not my father, bro! Ephithius is my father. Ephithius Johnson. I look just like him and everything. And besides, my mom ain't like that, bro." 16.It was now that the apostle Chad appeared to have received a revelation from the Lord. "So, like, if my spirit is holy then can I roll and smoke myself, too? J, you're gonna have to show me how to do that, bro! That is some next level shit!" 17.Brad did struggle with demons. "Maybe she is like that. I mean, I don't know. I mean, she did leave the house at night a lot. And Ephithius was never really around until I was like 13." 18.It was at this time that the joint did reach Judas; it was but little more than a roach. Judas did throw up his hands and exclaimed, "Jesus Christ! Well, that's just great!" He did stand, and like a departing storm he did depart from the room. 19.Bartholemew did call after him, "Judas, thou art a cunt!" at which Judas did raise his middle finger, not looking back. 20."J, bro, totally not your fault. That was super uncool of Judas. You rolled an awesome J, J, bro," the apostle Chad did console. Brad helped, "Ya, bro. Wicked J. Stellar performance bro."


It was said of Chad and Brad that these two were Jesus' favorite apostles, whereas the others tended to moon over his brilliance, those two could see the son that yearned to be free of his father's dogma. Yet despite their best efforts, Jesus was never able to escape his calling. 

One day Chad and Brad decided to throw Jesus a surprise party and brought barrels of wine to a gathering, in order to get through strict security who didn't want people bringing their own booze they told the guard that the barrels contained water, since the guard assumed that they would not bear false witness, he let them through. When Jesus saw his friends he greeted them and promptly took a cup to show his appreciation for the gift. When everybody saw the wine they immediately heralded it as a miracle from Jesus. Brad and Chad were getting the stink eye from security and had no choice but to go along with it. That was strike one.

Strike two was a beautiful Sunday, the Sabbath,  Chad and Brad thought it unwise to waste such a gorgeous day doing nothing so they brought Jesus to the beach to catch some waves. Their mistake however was giving Jesus a blue surfboard. Mixed in with the blue of the ocean the people once again thought they were seeing a miracle as it appeared that Jesus was walking on water. It was a very hot day so we can't judge them too much...

The last straw came after Jesus' death. Chad and Brad were devastated and when their friend was subsequently entombed, they thought it would be a great homage to the man they knew if they were to replicate one of his all-time favorite movies "Weekend at Bernie's". They removed Jesus from his tomb and through a crafty system of levers and strings, they brought him back to the world one final time. Everybody went mad, they completely fell for it and Chad and Brad were pleased with their work. They looked at each other and with tears in their eyes at the memory of the missing member of their trio they stilled managed to smile even though they knew God would never forgive them.


Brad 4:20

As JC did pray in solitude, seeking his father's wisdom near his final hour, the apostles stood guard at the entrance to the garden and low Chad did produce a righteous joint and performed the holy right of puff puff pass. 

As the holy herb was passed amongst the apostles, a Roman detachment descended upon them, demanding their names and identification scrolls.

Chad did swiftly pooch the Lord's plant, in fear of his two priors, and exclaimed to the Romans "fuck you pigs, we ain't don't shit".

The Romans encircled Chad and began unmercifully beating him, whence Brad cried "I gotchu brah!" producing a switchblade and cutting off one of the Roman's ears....


I had spent several chapters already reading without seeing a choice. The book was long, but only like, lord of the rings long, I had gotten pretty far at this point.*Maybe the title is a lie. No. Angel's don't lie. Do they? Maybe they aren't angels. Maybe you're in hell.*

I stopped reading on the last thought. With considerable effort I pushed it away and kept reading the incredibly boring story of my infancy. Blah blah blah I ate mashed peas. Blah blah I hated them. Another spoonful is coming.

And thats when I saw it.

*You chose to close your mouth and turn away. To follow that path, go to Library Seraph, Wing Delta, Row 82, Shelf 7, Book 22, Page 83.*

*To knock the food out of your mother's hand, go to Library Saint, Wing Alpha-Omega, Row 2, Shelf 1, Book 30, Page 872*

*To accept the food, go to Library Heart, Wing Epsilon, Row 110, Shelf 3, Book 4, Page 220*

Yeah, I was going to be here a while.

Edit: Formatting.


I had fun reading the book until I got to page 428.

I mean, my life was pretty great. I married Jodie, the love of my life. We had three beautiful children that I loved with all my heart. I got to meet my grandchildren, and even one great-grandbaby before I passed away at the ripe old age of 92.

But then I turned to page 428:

*"Maybe we should see a doctor," you say. "We've been trying for a year, Jodie, and nothing. Nothing at all."*

*"No, no, let's just try a little longer," she says, pulling me into a kiss. "I've been drinking this herbal tea. It's supposed to make me more fertile."*

*Do you go to a doctor? Turn to page 537.*

*Or do you listen to Jodie and leave it alone? Turn to page 619.*

In real life, I'd chosen the second option -- and a few weeks later, Jodie was pregnant with our first child, Michael. Curious what the other option led to, I flipped to page 537.

*You walk into the doctor's office. "Have a seat," he says, his face grim. "David... we got the test results back."*

*"What do they say?" you ask, feeling your stomach tighten with worry.*

*He puts a hand on your shoulder. "I'm so sorry. You're sterile. There's no way you will ever have children of your own."*

*You drive home, miserable. When you walk in the house, you feel the tears burning the corners of your eyes. Jodie, however, is beaming with joy. "Guess what?!" she says, leaping into your arms. "I'm pregnant!"*

The book falls out of my hands and clatters to the floor.

r/blairdaniels


**Please let me know what you think!**

The book looked oddly delicate for something so big. The plain, black covers were frayed and the pages within soft and thin, tearing away from the spine in some places. It looked like a book that had been shelved, and re-shelved often, loved and read over and over again.

My name was written on the first page, not in some curlicued calligraphy, but with a plain, steady typewriter font. I couldn't help finding that oddly appropriate.

I had expected some novel, some plain and staid recounting of my life. But the contents had belied the plain cover.

"You have a choice," I read. "Do you choose to accept Malcolm's proposal?"

I had turned him down. In reality, I had decided to leave him behind, to forge my own career, rather than support his. What would have happened, I wondered, if I had chosen to stay?

I had heard someone say that, for every choice we didn't make, there was another universe, were we did make that choice. Had some other version of me made the decision to stay? What had her life been?

Almost of their own volition, my hands turned the page. I only caught a glimpse of the words at the top of the page. 

*'Yes,' you cry, tears streaming down your cheeks. 'I'll marry you.'*

My fingers brushed over the words, and suddenly they were words no longer. I was standing in front of a grinning, jubilant Malcolm, as he slid the ring over my finger.

A lifetime flashed through my mind, or perhaps it was only a few minutes. It was hard to tell the difference.

A wedding, in some garden, laughter and joy as I walked down the aisle. Standing behind Malcolm at a rally, clapping and cheering as he talked. Even to my own eyes, I seemed young and idealistic. I lived through the birth of one child, then another, watching them grow and mature. Bittersweet tears ran down my cheeks. I could have had that. I could have had a life and children and a loving husband. I had become involved in various charities, making a real difference in real lives.

And then, as abruptly as the barrage of images had started, they stopped, with no clear ending.

"What happened?" I asked.

The dark figure who had brought me here, to this library said nothing. But I realised that it didn't need to answer.

"I died first," I said numbly. "The other me, the one who chose to marry him, outlived me. Her story's not done yet."

I wiped the tears away. "Good for her. I know she'll make good choices."

There was a soft question, so quiet that I almost missed it. 

"Do you regret not marrying him?"

I thought of my quiet life, and my cat. I thought of the occasional dates I had and the solitude of my home. I thought of my sister and brilliant, vibrant family. I remembered my niece, and my nephews and their adoration of their slightly insane aunt. I thought of my promising career, and of dying young. My life may not have been exciting, but I had been content.

And I thought of the other me, who had married a man she had loved and had had children who surprised and amazed her. I remembered her tiredness and frustration with her routine life. But, in the end, she had been content with her life, too.

I laughed, "No, I don't regret it. I don't regret making my choice. No life is perfect."

A shadowy hand flipped through the pages and I saw yet another choice on the page. I settled down to read, to watch the lives I could have led and the people I could have been.

/r/YarnsToTell


"Is this some kind of joke?" You ask, barely making any effort to conceal your frustration. You know better than to go off on the first guy you stumble across in the afterlife, but this is growing remarkably tedious.

The man behind the desk doesn't even meet your gaze and seems quite irritated by the disturbance. "I don't know what to tell you, friend. I don't read each book that comes across my desk. You have any idea how many people die a day? I just hand them out."

You plop back down and let out a sigh. Up until this point, the book you hold in your hands has only gone in chronological order. Many pages only end with one choice. Even the ones with multiple paths have zero impact on the "story".

*to pursue a career as an electrician, turn to page 3,283.*

*to pursue a college education, turn to page 3,283.*

You find that if you had gone to college, you merely would have dropped out in less than a semester and become an electrician anyway. Your "choice" amounts to nothing more than an additional paragraph at the top of the page.

You had no real say in any of it. Were all your decisions really so inconsequential?

You don't entertain the thought for long. You know what is to come. You know the moment everything fell apart.

This time you'll turn right.

The day comes. You skim through most of it, you remember the day well. You don't forget a goddamn thing on a day like that. You begin your drive home. You are lost. You're in an unfamiliar neighborhood. It is raining quite hard which obscures your vision. Your GPS on your phone is not responding. You don't remember the way back.

*to turn left, turn to page 48,458.*

Your heart drops in your chest. This couldn't be right. Only one choice. Only one fucking choice.

You slam the book shut. You refuse to relive that. You choose indecision. It seems to be the only other you have, and you'll be damned if this book is going to take that from you.

Hours pass. Days. Weeks perhaps? All the while, the man sits as his desk, reading quietly to himself. He glances up occasionally only to return to his book.

You know the rules. You must finish the book before you can leave this room. Your hands trembling, you resume where you left off. 

*to turn left, turn to page 48,458.*

It all happened so fast that it barely registered. All the text captures are the fuzzy details you retained. The briefest glimpse of a bicycle in your headlights. The sudden impact. The sound of a person's head very rapidly meeting pavement. A sound no amount of whiskey will ever drown out or water down. The blood. So much of it. What seems to be an impossible amount of blood.

The woman screaming. The pleas for help.

The therapy. The guilt. The anger. Bewilderment. The copious amounts of alcohol and the many fights that come along with it.

*to tell your wife you understand her decision, turn to page 872,862.*

*to beg her to stay, turn to page 872,862.*

For the next 500 pages or so, your choices are very limited. More often than not there is only one option. This is starting to seem like a sick joke. Eventually, there is one alternative that shows up every now and then that grabs your attention.

*to try to forgive yourself, turn to page 3,674,483.*

Forgive yourself? You will do no such thing.

*to buy another bottle, just turn the page.*

*to try to forgive yourself, turn to page 3,674,483.*

*to browse through that young boy's memorial page on Facebook again, just turn the page*

*to try to forgive yourself, turn to page 3,674,483.*

*To try slicing down the wrist this time, just turn the page*

*to try to forgive yourself, turn to page 3,674,483.*

You just continue turning the page.

*to pull the trigger, close this book now.*

You crumble to the floor and begin to sob uncontrollably. This is the only option you have left. The man sees his cue and walks over to scoop up the book.

"What....what was the point of all that? To torture me? Have I not done that to myself enough?" You didn't realize you were steadily raising your shaking voice as you spoke, but the man remained unfazed.

He turns back, your book tucked under his arm. "You've done that more than enough, my son." He speaks gently for the first time since you began the book.

You slowly stand on legs that barely prove to hold you, desperately hoping he will continue talking.

"You had no choices because you *made* no choice. You were only ever prepared for moments that had already passed. What you could have done differently. You couldn't choose your adventure because you were so fixated on changing it."

You look at the floor, unsure how to respond.

"The path you took is the path that was. Alternate endings are merely an author's fantasy."

You look him in the eyes and nod apprehensively.

"Are you ready to try to forgive yourself?"

"....I can try."

He hands the book back to you.

"You know what to do."


"I know the page number you want. 14508."

I looked to God expectantly. He did, I suppose, know my heart. Gingerly, the pages flicked between my fingertips as I searched for the correct page. So many years had passed, wondering. Two marriages and two divorces, too. No children because I couldn't imagine myself having them with anyone else. My heart sank when I saw your name. I would finally know. 

There was so much death. It was difficult to follow any alternative decisions because my life ended shortly thereafter. Every path, it seemed, was cursed. 

"Turn to 26756."

I glanced up, and he wasn't even looking at me. My attention turned back to the book; it was large enough to smell like a bookstore all by itself. I love that smell. A sigh escaped my lips as I realized where the text had taken place. It was the day I asked you to marry me. The last day we ever spoke. 

Unlike the rest of the book, this didn't have my alternative choice; I suppose I never had one. Instead, it was yours. What would have happened if you had said yes? Tears dripped off my chin. I don't think I stopped reading that book for days. The day you came out to your parents. The day we got married, both of us clad in white wedding dresses. The day I graduated with my doctorate degree. The day I found you convulsing after downing an entire bottle of pills. The day I had to admit you to the psychiatric ward for the fifth time. And the sixth, seventh, and eighth. It went on for thousands of pages; for every decision we made that kept our lives going, there were five where either you or I died. It was such a delicate life that we could have had together. 

I reached the final page of our potential lives together. Both of us sat cross-legged, foreheads touching, and a gun in hand, held to the temple of the other. Wherever you wanted to go, I followed. It was finally time. No alternative choices. I closed the book.

"She didn't want this life for you."

"It shouldn't have been her choice."


*I turn to the indicated page.*


*It's the same result.*


*I go back to where I'd held my finger between the pages and follow the other prompt to read what could have happened.*


*The same ending again.*


*I pick a random page, and follow the first option, reading for a few pages before looking over at the librarian incredulously.*

&nbsp;

"Jesus Christ! Did **all** of my choices lead to me dying?"

&nbsp;

*He smiles at me, with infinite patience for a question constantly asked and gives me the only answer he ever had, and ever would need:* "Of course. How could they not?"


I closed the book, and didn't move. 

"Well," the angel said, "- how did you like it?"

Even though I was dead, I still felt nauseated. "Every single one. Every single decision I ever made was the wrong one. THE WRONG. FUCKING. ONE."

The angel grimaced. "Wow. That's...my goodness! That's actually quite impressive in a depressing way. I mean the odds are astronomical when you-"

"Is this hell? Is this some sort of Twilight Zone shit and my punishment is to know how awesome my life could have been or something?"

 "Alright, settle down. You know, I think you're going to very much enjoy finding out why we show you all this...you more than most in fact."

The book suddenly disappeared, and two normal looking doors appeared. "Um, ok?"

The angel gestured to door one. "Behind this door is a new story, with all new choices. A whole new life for you to experience. "He then pointed to the other door. "This door, however, is the life you just had... however, this time you'll make different decisions. So normally, most people make bad decisions roughly 50% of the time.  You, however, made bad decisions 100% percent of the time, which means-"

My jaw dropped as it dawned on me what the angel was saying. "Which means that this time I would make 100% of the right decisions?"

The angel nodded. "That's right. Of course, you could always choose to start a new life if-"

I ran towards door two and threw it open. 

Things were finally going to go my way.


A dark room. A pedestal in the middle, illuminated by a pillar of light, upon which sat a thick book, pages uneven and frayed at parts. 

As I took it into my worn hands, I could feel the density of it. The importance. All of the sadness, the fear, the excitement, anxiety, joy, love, ambition, heartache, fulfillment, failure... This was me. 

Fingering the spine with one hand and the edges of the pages with the other, I closed my eyes, and opened to a random page. 

Child. Love. Graduation. Immense joy. 

To another page. 

Pride. Overcoming. Achievement. 

Another. 

Misfortune. Selfishness. Greed. Passion. 

I opened my eyes. The pages wordless. All of them. I turned to the first page.

Emptiness. Stillness. 

This was the beginning. I understood. I thumbed a part of the page where I thought I might find her. The one beside me who never made it out. Never saw light, felt the coldness of the world. Never experienced love, grief, joy... I focused on her. I saw her. She was radiant. Beautiful. We had the same eyes. 

I turned ahead. 

There she was. She was so pure, innocent. Even at a young age, she emanated compassion and kindness. 

I flipped to around the halfway mark. 

She was a scientist. No, a philanthropist. No, a political activist. No... she was all of it. 

I turned several pages more. 

Peace. So much happiness. Not only within her, but wherever she went. Pure, innocent. Joy. 

She was good. The world was good because of her. Not better. Good. 

It was then that I knew that she was the key to bringing the world together. If only she had been born... How many others had this happened to? How better off could the world be...? 

I could at least help. 

I closed the book, laying it gently back down onto the pedestal. I looked up to the source of the light. Its warmth flooded over me. I knew that I could bask in it forever if I chose to. 

Instead, I gazed one last time at the book, as I backed into the shadows from where I had entered this room. 

The world needs Her. 

And I was unborn, She in my place.


I woke up on a clean white bed. I remembered last night, remember my heart stopping after a long battle, but it all felt like a dream. Where ever I was, it was a place I didn’t want to leave. 

I got up off the bed, expecting the familiar creak of my seventy year old knees, but I instead found myself young again. Odd. As I opened the door to the small room I had awoken in, I was greeted by a library. Not just any library, but the library of me. The library of Leo. 

“What is this place?” I asked the air. 
“Your life story.” The air answered. “I suggest you start with book 17 page 1253.”
I was trapped in the two rooms, so I figured I would follow what the voices in my head said. 


When I opened the book to the recommended page, my breath stopped. In it was the recorded history of the most important day of my life. The day I decided to conquer the world. 

I had always wondered what would have happened if I had just quit. What would have happened if I moved to the middle of no where in some random country and had opened a little shop. What would have happened if I married, had kids, had grandkids. But I had made my choice that day. I chose to conquer the world through a bloody campaign of war and genocide in the name of the American Empire; for the good of the people. In the end I lay dead with the world in ruins. 

“To decide not to destroy the world, go to book 57, page 106. “

I found the book, and opened to page 106. It was a cheery little tale. About being an artist, settling down, living happy. The problem was, it ended the same. It still ended with the me dead and the world in ruins. It couldn’t be right. I grabbed another book. I became a new age hippie, traveled the world, died in a pile of rubble. Another. Local senator, ideal family, shot in the head by raiders at the end of the world. ANOTHER. I was a professor. I taught the next generation, lived content, and was murdered in an explosion. 

I slid to the floor, tears in my eyes. It didn’t matter, it had never mattered. I was the biggest monster in human history, yet it all ended the same no matter what. If I didn’t destroy the world... someone else did. Every. Time. 

I suppose monsters are a dime a dozen.


I sat at the desk dumb-founded. 

“You mean... you mean this is everything that could have happened if I just made a different decisions?”

The spirit in front of me is a friendly face but the marks on her neck tell a story of sadness. She looks at me as if I’m the first she says this to. “Yes. From the day you were born to the day you died. Every decision and every outcome. Although trust me when I say that anything before the age of 10 is more just whining and boredom. You may have done something crucial back then that caused a different outcome but it’s highly unlikely. Anyways. The book is yours. Feel free to read and digest it. But just know, you can’t change anything. Everything that happened is set. You can only see what could have happened.” She gave me a look that may have been a look to scare me but really I just wanted to get out of there. 

I picked up the book and walked out of the office. As soon as the door behind me closed, I let out an unneeded breath. I looked down at the book in my hands. 

Every decision. 

There was one passage I just had to read. One passage I thought was the reason for all the karma and the outcomes I made. The one reason I died. 
I was in a car accident. A severe car accident where We ran off the side of a cliff and into the ocean. As far as I’m aware, there were no survivors of the accident but I didn’t see anyone else. 

It was just me.  

I looked around. It seemed like I hadn’t left Earth. I was still on the green and blue planet. But I knew that wasn’t true. 

When you die, you become a spirit and go to a place that is similar to where you left. So I was in California, on a cliff, overlooking the ocean. 
I sat at the edge and opened the book to the date I knew it all started. The date I knew I had meet my match to death. I took another  unnecessary breath and opened to July 18th, 2010. The day I meet Parker. The day I opened myself up to pain and abuse and neglect. The day I opened myself to telling myself that it wasn’t him. The day I started to leave my family behind. 

On the page it has Parker’s name and the place we meet. The skate park. I couldn’t skate but I would go with my best friend, Amanda, and we would check the guys out. I remember the day so clear. I introduced myself “Ava.” And he told me his name “Parker.” I remember being taken in by his sharp green eyes and the dyed jet black hair. The way his pants hung loose on his hips. I was a senior in high school and craved attention from any male I could get. 
We had talked and talked and soon became more than just friends. When I graduated, we left the small town we lived in Colorado and moved to California. 

It was a mistake. 

We couldn’t find a job or a place to live that we could stay in longer than 6 months. Drugs became an obsession for Parker while I stayed away and just waitress. It was long hours and strained our relationship but one of us had to work. 

The drugs became more of a problem and when I refused to give him money for them anymore, he hit me and told me to obey. That’s when I thought I wasn’t going to be able to leave. I had planned on leaving after I had saved enough money. I knew my sister would let me stay with her, I just had to get to her myself. I had been stashing money and lied to Parker that I didn’t have anything for him. 
He found it. 

My sister came once to save me but I was too weak under Parker’s control. I told her that I was fine. 

“Ava. Your arms are bruised and you have lost weight. Not to mention the look of this place. You need to come home. We’re worried.” 

“Worried? Where were you when I turned 18 and moved out here? You didn’t seem to care then. Why care now?” And the door slammed in her face. 
I have never felt more guilt. 

Then just a few months later, comes the day I die. I finally made the decision that I couldn’t do this. We were driving up the coast just to get some fresh air. I looked over at Parker and felt fear not love and that’s not what I wanted. 

“I’m leaving.” I had blurted. 

Parker looked over at me, stunned “What did you just say to me?”

“I can’t do this anymore. I missed my sisters wedding. I missed the birth of my nephew. My mom is sick. I just want to go home. You and I are not compatible. We  ever were. We lived in a fantasy and hoped it would work but we need to face reality. We’re broke. You do drugs. I can’t work 7 jobs to make ends meet. It’s time to let this die.”

At that, Parker had agreed but not to let me go. To let us die. He jerked the wheel and went over the cliff. I remember screaming and slamming on the door to get it to open but the pressure of the water was too much and I couldn’t get out. 

Soon water started to enter the car. Parker just laughed and said we deserved to be together for eternity. I think he died laughing. 

I looked down at the page. Page number 37. The options were (approach Parker, pages 37-150) or (stay with Amanda, pages 150-350). 

I turned to page 150. 
 
Edit: so sorry about the formatting!  I did it on my phone but it should be all fixed now.


*Right this way, Mr. Muller*

"Right where?"

*Right here, follow my voice*

I'm not sure where I am. My last memory is getting in my car. I must have had an accident. I feel warm, safe and soft. Is this what painkillers feel like? No wonder everyone and their grandmother is addicted to them.

*Mr. Muller, you're not in the hospital, you're dead!* said the voice again, slightly amused and mocking this time. *See!*

"But ho..." I asked while opening my eyes.

*Works just like it used to, doesn't it? Haha!*

As I first open my eyes everything is bright. If I was still alive it would blind me, it catches me a little off guard. Blinking rapidly I start to make out shelves filled with books. 

*Welcome to the eternal library*

The voice that talked to me now has a body, a man, not white in color, not brown or yellowish either. He is very well maintained, wearing a perfectly fitting suit; his long, white hair is combed back behind his ears and falls upon his shoulders like the most vivid waterfall. Behind and next to him seemingly endless shelves of books row up; in the one he's leaning on a single book is missing, I assume it's the one he's holding in his hand.

Coming to my senses I find myself sitting in a very comfortable armchair. 

*You already noticed the book, very good, very good. Looks like you're all there. Shall we begin?*

"Wow uhm... who are you? Where exactly am I? Is this heaven?"

*Ha, I thought you'd never ask. Heaven, hell, limbo... let's just call it the library. It's the last step before you find peace. And I... I am Angelo. A pleasure to meet you, Richard Muller.*

"Angelo sounds an awful lot like Angel."

*Don't you get nosy with me now. Come to me, take your book.*

Slowly I'm starting to become aware again of my body but it doesn't feel like it did while I was alive. I'm able to move my body and feel sensations but there is no strain. The provisional groan I do when standing up proved entirely needless for there is no pain in my back, not a single sting. Two steps later I'm standing in front of Angelo, who holds the brown book towards me in just his right hand. I reach out and grab it, the leather feels soft and smooth under my hands.

In golden, beautifully imprinted letters it states "Richard Muller - Allmantown - 791"

"Allmantown, 791... Angelo, this means nothing to me."

*It doesn't need to. Start reading.*

The pages were soft like silk, handwritten in redish golden color. Whenever a choice opened up, I had to decide. Turn to page 922, turn to page 508, turn to page 861. Cry for mother or sleep. Page 1810. Kiss Janie Lowenstein. Page 2941. Drink the Schnaps. Page 3229. Get into the car in the morning. Page 6276. Die. Page 6277.

I have no idea for how long I've been reading and deciding. It could have been half a day, it could have been months. 

*Do you remember?*

It's a good question. Do I remember? I remember making the decisions, I remember the content. But do I *remember*?

*Let me be more specific, do you remember how you died?*

"Of course I do, I was hit by a car."

*And?*

I'm feeling very confident in my answer at first, though after a short moment I'm unsure.

"Hold on, I wasn't hit by a car, I was in an accident."

A tense silence.

*And?*

"I fell off a ladder."

*And?*

"I was stabbed by my wife"

*And?*

This cycle continued for what felt like an eternity. No matter how many visions of my own death I revisited, there are always more.

"Why do I see myself dying in these horrible ways?"

*I'm not torturing you, Richard. Look around.*

My view went up from Angelos face, looking around the room.

Richard Streepe - Allmanntown - 792.

Rich Müller - Point Allmanntown - 793.

Richard Muller - Allermannstown - 794.

*You are not the only Richard. You are just the first one to die. Their life is in your hands.*

Angelo grabs the book next to the one he originally handed me and gives it to me.

The first few pages are already written, including possible choices up until that point.

"This book is almost empty, what am I supposed to do with this?"

He steps over to me, reaches into his pocket and gives me a fancy pen.

*It won't be for long. I have an appointment with the first Rebecca Stoner from Cornwall, I'll talk to you later.*

Before disappearing through the shelves he adds, smiling:

*Don't worry though, pens are tax deductible for guardian angels. Welcome to your library*


Once I had acclimatised, they led me into an office. Wood-panelled, decadent, I thought, for this place - but I supposed they moved with the times here as well.


There was a man at the desk dressed in a white-grey suit. Subtle. They had told me about this man, when I had calmed down. He would show me all my significant choices, walk me through them, help me come to terms with them. He would enlighten me and discourage my false beliefs about myself, to cleanse me.


I sat. He gently placed a large, red leather-bound volume on the table. It looked like a Victorian bible, but brand new. I touched the closed leaves of the volume: The pages were going to be petal-like, delicate, just the same as bibles. This book meant something.


“All the choices you have ever had,” said the man in white. “Try it.”


I reached out my hand, hesitated, and looked to him. He exuded authority. He smiled serenely. 


“I’ll explain it all. Go on.”


I opened the book.


The first few chapters were uneventful, filled with childhood stories and corrections to memories I had reconstructed in my elderly mind. I remembered my mother and father here- I was smiling. No choices as yet, but I’m only, what, six? Six, that’s.. quite old. I looked up.


The man had been sitting in silence, smiling- at me, or to himself? He sensed my worry. “Significant choices, my friend. At this point, your life is controlled by your parents and you have little perception of wider choice.” 


I continued. In year two of school, I was confronted with a choice. Little Jenny was being teased for her broken leg. The other children looked to me. 


‘Do you 

a) join in with the children teasing Jenny

or

b) tease Jenny along with the children?

for a) go to page 265 or for b) go to page 265.


What?


I looked to the man across the desk. “Your brain factored in being alienated by your peers against hurting Jenny. This one was a dead cert.” He smiled kindly. Satisfied, if still slightly perplexed, I turned my eyes back to the book.


“Jenny was always a sick girl. She hanged herself after the same kind of bullying in her thirties”. 

My eyes shot up, staring. The man seemed to look away, since as it to chastise himself. “Of course you can’t be blamed for any of this. You had no choice.”


Shaken, at length I went back to reading. A pattern began to emerge. As I read further, my “significant choices” became more and more frequent. To watch football with the others? To steal some cool pieces of Lego from my friend? To question the nature of my father’s illness...?


And each time, each option is the other, rephrased as if to give some illusion of choice. As I read further, greeted with what could only be described as amused patience from the man in white, all the pages led to the same place.


“What is this?” I asked, finally, battling through the dread of the answer.


“Have you ever heard of determinism? All of us, pawns, players in some shitty game. And you’re here-“


“Here..?”


“-and it’s not about responsibility, it’s about balance. And now you know- this eternity? It’s all gonna be electrical impulses.” The man in white paused strategically. He had done this many times before.


“They said you would help me come to terms with my choices!”


The man in white leaned forward, smiling more explicitly now. “I am. You have none. Submit. These are your terms.”


“...who are you?”


He paused, and then leaned back onto his chair. “Think of yourself as lucky. They live in blissful ignorance up there. Us? We know the nature of things.”


Was this perhaps the cruel joke of some omnipresent force? Before me sat a brown, leatherbound tomb that measured out to be a similar height to my fully standing figure. Save for the dimly lit area around me there was only an unrelenting void. There was no distinguishable source for the light and the only other defining characteristics of my 10x10 foot purgatory was the enormous book and a simple wooden chair adorned with a single teal cushion.

The cold embrace of the surrounding abyss offered no explanation as to my situation so I turned my attention to the book. *Your life* read the title. I fliped open to the first page, leaving the cover dangling helplessly over its own mass. There I find a detailed account of my own birth. The following several pages offer nothing more; they all simply describe the mundane life of a not-yet-conscious infant.

I flipped mindlessly ahead until I reached a header that said "first memory" that proceeds to describe my first conscious moments involving my mother dressing me in coveralls along with... A prompt?

*To cry, turn to page thirty seven thousand. To make a pathetic attempt as expressing happiness, turn to page four hundred thousand three hundred and seventy six*

This made no sense. I traversed my way as quickly as I could to the end of the book. The binding of the book made a sizeable arch as the pages flipped madly. On the second to last page I read

*You die in your sleep, old and alone. You immediately find yourself in a void with nothing but a large book and a chair. To explore the unknown, flip back three pages. To seek information from the book before you, return to page ninety six*

My skin feels clammy at the stress of my returning memories. The shock of death must have stopped me from understanding immediately that I was dead. I expct my heart to be racing yet I am met only with the cold nothingness of a heart-stood-still. Surprisingly though my skin has narry a wrinkle on it. There is nowhere for me to see a reflection, but this is definitely not the body I had previously. It seemed I was restored to a younger state to experience whatever damnation had befallen me.

I considered the strange choose-your own adventure book of what has been snd what could have been before gazing back into the deep nothingness that surrounds me. Its shrouded haze made me feel like a small fish swimming in the vast expanse of infinity. I know nothing of the existence I find myself in other than what I remember from a life now gone. I was always a fan of reading. I decided to try and find the page where I went to high school prom. I wonder what would have happened if I kissed that young lady instead of being overpowered by fear?

Yes, that sounds nice. What else is there to do but relive the mundane? After all, even the banal seems pleasant when the infinite expanse of darkness is my alternative.



Edit: feedback is appreciated.


"The rarest of tomes," the angel spoke, his hands trembling as he carefully placed a piece of paper in my hands.

"How so?" I asked, puzzled.

"This piece of paper chronicles your entire life. Every good decision, every bad decision, every good moment, every bad."

The paper had under "actions" my date of birth, the words "the calling," and the date of my death. Under "outcome" it simply stated, "unchanged."

I sighed. Having amounted to quite literally nothing in life it was no surprise that even in the afterlife I would have to be reminded of what a failure my life was.

"Ah, yeah, that, I am a failure of epic proportions that much is true," I admitted, handing the paper back.

The angel looked shaken by such an outrage. Holding the paper up he stated, quite simply, "There are few mortal men who are divine saints without knowing it. You spent literal decades without affecting anyone. A saint in a monastery with a completely celebrate pledge doesn't put so much effort into such a display of purity."

"So what now?" I asked, trying not to cringe about the obvious implications of my "purity."

"You will of course join the rest of the purest saints in state as we wait for Armageddon. I think you're a fan of Issac Newton?"


I stared at the corner, where two walls joined.

The thing about eternity, is that small fragments of time cease to mean anything. When you're twenty, a year goes by like a month. When you're 50, they seem to fly by like days. I was lucky enough to leave that concept behind before I got too far beyond 50.

I had been staring at the wall for a very long time. I flexed my hand, feeling the immaterium of my projected consciousness stretch and contort, ghosts of tendons displacing veins and muscle, which only existed for as long as my attention span. It was translucent, but only because I knew what was inside. I returned my blank gaze to studying the wall. I knew what kind of Nothing was inside that too. The Room constituted Everything. The sum capacity of my new universe was 15ft by 15ft by 15ft. And the Book.

I felt another well of discomfort, rising in a throat that didn't exist, anxiety flooding through my body, imaginary hormones riding blood that dried up centuries ago. Centuries? Centuries. Probably. Those things hadn't meant anything for a while. At first I had obsessively kept track of time, guessing and reguessing and estimating and correcting. That mania overtook me about twenty years in, but after a while, I realised that time only meant something when it was heading somewhere. There was only This. There was only Now. There was only the Book.

And there was The Wall. Steven studied the wall. It was smooth, and grey, and if he concentrated hard enough, he could see the swirls in the fabric of reality, compounded and solidified into this glorious, perfect monument, exact, square, and _solid_. If he peered in, deeper, hot, white clusters pulsate, flitting around each other in a flirtatious dance, twining themselves in strands of ether, never quite touching, until, rejected, they collapse, retreat, and form a new dance. Or maybe they didn't. He reached out to touch the wall, and found that his fingers met substance. He felt the distal phalange of his index finger squish through meat, straining to make contact, to reach through the wall and join the cosmic dance. A tear that didn't exist rolled down a face that had never been seen. One was joined by others, which became None as soon as they left his face. He stroked the wall with five finger tips, and let his hand find the corner. 

He hadn't moved away from the corner for a very long time. He hadn't looked at the Book for even longer. A while ago, he switched corners, but that was just because he came to know all of the white specks on that side. He predicted a year's worth of their movements, and after that he got bored. He had laughed when he first woken up with the book, and spent a year studiously ignoring it. To acknowledge it would be to give power to whatever put him here. And anyway, he was never much of a reader. But sooner or later, he had thumbed it open. Later, in this case. As his thoughts on time shifted, Later ceased to exist. The thing about eternity is, you'll do anything to fill the now, to push Later out of your mind. Later isn't something that you want to exist. 

The Book was a thing of beauty. The cover was plain, and uninteresting, but it was so unassailably _real_, that it felt like it carried the sum total of everything inside. Maybe it did. Despite the number of pages, they never ran out. You flick 10,000 pages to find out where one option takes you, and still find yourself in the middle. That's part of the problem. It was entertaining for a while. Steven saw where his life led, and then the life of somebody almost like him. And then somebody slightly further away, a distant, less Steven, Steven. In fact, Steven had read, lead, visualised and been defeated, loved, lost, murdered, been killed, died of diabetes, killed himself, killed the president, _loved_ the president, a million times over. A billion. It was like an eternity of films. In fact, Steven had lived so many lives, so many Reals that were so different from his own, that Steven no longer remembered which was his own. In fact, the only concrete thing that Steven had left, was the fact that his name was Stephen. 

His tears dry by themselves, eventually, and he turns his head to the center of the room, to look at the Book, drawing everything Real into it, like a black hole drawing in light. He stands, and stretches out of habit, feeling muscles sliding over rib bones, feeling lungs expand with un-air. He turns the rest of his body, and begins to place one foot in front of the other. The corner that he was sitting in, and two pieces of wall attached, slowly disperse back into the immaterium.


A bookcase floated before me. I had taken a cursory glance over the first of the matching volumes to discover the old instructions of a choose your own adventure novel that I hadn't seen since elementary school. I flipped through several pages of nonsense before catching sight of something about a lemon that I recognized from an old story mom would always tell about me. It occurred to me immediately what these volumes were.

So now I've just been floating here with it. Not reading yet. Still lamenting that I did end up being doomed to spend eternity in an afterlife after all. But also trying to compile all the what ifs I had been asking myself over the years. This system was rather inconvenient. I didn't want to work my way from the beginning, I just wanted to know outcomes of certain scenarios, and I wouldn't remember the steps I took to get to those decisions in the first place.

I tried to sleep on a strategy. Not sure it worked, or how much time passed while my eyes were closed, but when I opened them, there was now a computer and only one book. I glanced down at the book, lying open, and saw a recounting of a rather tender moment, but was also able to verify that I did indeed know a certain someone at that point, despite having forgotten that I had ever spoken to them not a decade later.

I move over to the computer monitor and am greeted with a lovely file system organized by year. Excellent. Glad to see that the bookcase does have the capacity to shift forms.

I greedily open up the folder for grade 7, am greeted with more folders, this time listing categories. Click into the romance folder, and I'm now given a series of multiple choice questions in a new window. I see all the situations are written in purple text, and the choices I had made originally were underlined in purple.

I find the first question of curiosity, the first secret love letter I got. I change the response to "keep quiet" and notice that some scenarios vanish, with new ones in green appearing in their place. A flutter attracts my attention to the book in time to see it rest on the page in question as some of the text fades and is replaced. Excitedly I check to see if I called her out on it when she said she heard I got one. And true to my original choice, I remained quiet. No worries, I can change that choice too. I glance at the screen...and no choice exists. I flip through the book in confusion, only to discover that I was just to naive to put two and two together in the first place.

Lovely.

I hit restore defualts and proceed to run experiments. First, each change of decision introduces new colours. This gets complicated past 10 changes trying to keep track of which shades came from which choices, but whatever. Also, the book now flips to the stage in life that will answer whatever question I had. Efficiency. 

Two girls I could have dated. Both of which I was too hesitant due to my own lack of knowledge. Both of which fell into drugs in high school. I test what happens with each. One of them, we dated for a bit before she broke up with me and ended up in drugs anyway. That's a relief I guess. Other one, oh yikes, I ended up in drugs too. Wasn't expecting that to happen.

Tried making decisions to lead me down more creative endeavours than I had actually chosen. Mixed results. Seems I was never really satisfied there. I'd get lots of better things accompanied with worse things. Sometimes the book would noticeably shrink too.

It got even more harrowing when I started playing around with the choices during university. About half of them resulted in the book shrinking. Particularly any choice that moved towards parental dependence. I mean, I joked about that a lot after moving out, but I don't think I ever realized just how much potential for it actually existed. 

Tried out different cities for when I left my hometown. Ultimately still ended up in the same place no matter my choice, but it was interesting how things during that intermediary period got altered. Seemed that I had picked the middle path in terms of happiness and success for my late 20s.

Finally with the most what ifs out of the way, I took a breath and set out on the last of these projects, the one I was saving for last, because I knew it would take the longest. I find my way to the day my university girlfriend broke up with me. I change the response I gave just before then, check out the book...

...and start working backwards.


"Quit now Dan!" said the man on the talking billboard. A finger pointing at the lone figure walking down the empty street. Empty due to everyone crossing to the other side to avoid him and his smog.  
Dan paused by a waste bin, small cardboard box in hand. He looked from the box to the bin and back again. Those across the street stopped and stared, ready to witness history being made.  
There was absolute silence as Dan lifted his hand, as if to throw the packet towards the bin, all eyes now on him, even the billboard advert man stopped to watch. He launched it. It hit the rim. There was a sharp intake of breath as it bounced into the air above the bin. It hit the rim on the other side, people held each other in nervous anticipation. The packet landed onto the other trash in the bin and the crowd across the street erupted into thunderous applause and cheering. Celebrating as if a great sporting victory had been achieved.  
Little did they realise that Dan had taken a new packet from his pocket, removed the plastic, drew a long white stick out with his teeth and ignited the end.  
As a large grey cloud left his lips, the crowd died down. realising their premature celebration. There was a disappointed groan and a shuffling as daily activities resumed.  
"God dammit Dan. You were so close." shouted the billboard.


They had stopped selling cigarettes 15 years ago. As soon as I had heard they were going to be taking them off the shelves I ran to the nearest convenience store to buy cigarettes. There was a huge line and they had just sold out as I got there. I People were selling large quantities online, so I decided to buy up as much as I could. I had a lot saved up for my vacation this summer, but spent it all buying as many cigarette packs as I could. My wife wasn't happy in the least about that. 

Years of marriage counseling later we were finally on good terms (as good as a smokers terms could be) About a year after cigarettes were stopped in production, I realized that my old habits wouldn't work. I then began allotting myself 3 cigarettes a day. It sucked immensely.

The year was 2035, and everyone else had stopped smoking at this point. By this point, the world had caught wind of how many cigarettes I had left, and so ads began to show up everywhere I went. There was always an article in the newspaper titled, "2543 Days until our world is smoke free." and so on, counting down the days until my stash ran out. Finally, someone broke into my house to try and destroy my stash, but thankfully I had thought ahead. I had a safe installed in my house to keep my cigarettes in. Every morning I would go downstairs and load 3 cigarettes into my special carrying pouch. 

The time was drawing near. The day I would run out of cigarettes. I went downstairs and loaded up my cigarettes, my final 3. I stepped outside. It was a cool morning, about 65 degrees and lit one up. All up and down my street were protesters. People screaming about me polluting the world. They all had signs yelling, "3 more! 3 more!" I ignored them and took a long drag on my cigarette, savoring it. I got ready for work, and drove off, half tempting to run some of the people over. I got my job and there were even more protestors yelling at me. As I walked to my cubicle, I had many angry works. I heard mutterings of people saying they hoped I choked on my last cigarette.

Lunch time came, and I stepped out for my smoke. There were Riot Police there to stop all of the people from hurting me. I felt important having all of these people follow me around. I then got off work and drove home. My wife had made my favorite meal for dinner. We sat and ate dinner in complete silence. I got up and put my plate in the sink. My wife just stared at me and said, "I hope you enjoy it." I step outside and light up my last one. After I put it out, everyone starts cheering, "The earth is now smoke free!" I go back inside and retire for the night.

The next morning I wake up. I go downstairs and eat my breakfast, then decide to step outside for some fresh air. There are thousands of people standing as I step out, applauding me, and congratulating me on the first day of my smoke free life.

I look at them, and reach into my pocket. I pull something out and stick it into my mouth. I pull my lighter out, and light it up. It's a cigarette. Everyone freaks out and starts screaming. My wife runs outside to see what the commotion is about. She sees me standing there with a cigarette in my mouth and screams at me, "Where the hell did you get that from!?!?!?" I calmly look at her and say, "You know that you can grow tobacco, right?" Let's just say I'm not married anymore.

Edit: Holy crap guys. This is my first response to a Writing Prompt. I'm so happy it is so well received. Thanks!


Sam's alarm clock clicked on like it did every morning, playing the local sports talk radio station.

"Good morning, Sam! It's a beautiful day out there. Just the kind of day to finally drop that nasty habit. With NicoNever patches, you can finally move on with your life. No more dirty looks. Your teeth will whiten, and you can finally breathe that fresh air. NicoNever patches. They'll save your life," the clock radio blared.

Sam groaned into his pillow. He groped for the clock, hitting the snooze button. *Maybe today should be the day*, Sam thought. *At least it would get everyone off my back.*

The alarm clock kicked on again, this time with a perfectly timed ad for Just Quit gum, flavored with Sam's favorite cherry flavoring. Sam climbed out of bed, and shut the clock off. He showered, and dressed, then hopped on his laptop to check his Facebook before heading to work. 

"SMOKING SUPPORTS TERRORISM, SAM," one of the sponsored posts at the top of his feed read. Sam rolled his eyes. He snapped his laptop shut, and lit up a cigarette out of spite. Halfway through the cigarette, Sam checked his watch. "Shit," he said aloud. He crushed out the cigarette, and jogged out of the house to his bus stop.

He made it just as the bus arrived.

"Surprised you can even jog, Sam. What with your-" Sam flashed his bus pass and walked past the driver lecturing him. Sam took a seat in the back.

"What's that smell, Mom?" a little girl in the seat in front of him asked.

"That's the smell of Sam trying to kill himself, sweetheart," the little girl's mother answered.

A small head popped up over the seat in front of him, looking Sam straight in the eye. "Why do you want to kill yourself Mr. Sam?" she asked innocently.

"I don't. I just like to relax with a cigarette sometimes," Sam answered. "But some self-righteous people really think that it's their job to tell me how to live. Do you know what self-righteous means?"

The mother picked the little girl up, and moved to another seat, glaring at Sam.

Sam went to work, where he endured more constant chastisement for his 'bad habit.' He couldn't smoke at work, that had been outlawed long ago. Same as smoking in bars, restaurants, parks, open spaces, and, ultimately, anywhere that wasn't a personal residence. But during long, trying mornings, like the one Sam was having, he snuck out behind the building to have a quick smoke.

Sam was letting out a deep breath of smoke when one of his co-workers stepped out.

"Hey Sam," Penny said. Sam moved quickly to hide his cigarette. "Don't worry about it," she continued. "Most of us already know you sneak out here sometimes."

Sam slumped his shoulders, then took another drag. "So are you here to tell me to quit too?"

"No," she said. "Just getting some fresh air. Been a shitty morning. Figured no one else would be out here on account of, well, you."

Sam smiled. Her honesty was refreshing.

After a couple minutes of silence, Penny spoke. "Why don't you quit? It must be exhausting to have everyone on your case all the time."

"It is," Sam answered. "I've definitely thought about it. I even thought about it this morning. But something about it all just rubs me the wrong way. I'm not hurting anybody, no matter what everyone claims, and I'm not supporting terrorism. I'm just smoking a cigarette. Yes, it might cause me to die from cancer, but I get to make that choice for myself. I guess I keep doing it to hold on to that little bit of freedom."

"Or rebellion," Penny observed.

"Or that. But fuck it, that's my call too. It helps me relax, so I'm going to keep doing it until it's not worth it."

Penny nodded, seeming to think his words over. The two of them were quiet again.

It was Penny who broke the silence again. "Can I try one?"

*****

You can read my other prompt responses, including some continuations of prompt responses, over at [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88/)

EDIT: As a thank you for the gold, I've added a [Part II](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88/comments/5unk65/the_year_is_2040_and_you_are_the_last_smoker/ddvyext/?st=izakecg6&sh=b62baf90)


Friday morning. The last time I would have to hear my alarm, well, until Monday. I turn off the buzzing of the alarm to not wake my wife, kiss her on the cheek, and go downstairs to start making coffee. The office has a Keurig machine, but I have always thought you couldn't beat a pot of coffee in the morning. I step outside to smoke my first one of the day. My wife hates it. Really, everyone hates it.


I put a cigarette to my lips, light it, and without even looking up, I know the neighbors are judging me. I look at the carton in my hand. I remember when they used to just have the Surgeon General's warning. I wonder what's on here today...


STOP SMOKING ASSHOLE in big, red letters. Cute. Less personal than I am used to, but blunt. Not bad. The ads had been getting more and more hurtful, so something broad and unspecific was nice. I go in, grab a cup of coffee, and return to the patio. I turn the radio on, waiting to hear how traffic is for my drive into the city. 

"The weather today looks fairly nice, some clouds but mostly sunny. Highs in the high 60's, low 70's. Traffic looking pretty clear, some congestion downtown but it is Friday, after all." The man on the radio laughs, apparently amused by his own joke. "Also, a big shout out to the last douchebag that still smokes! If you wanted something small and thin in your mouth, maybe start working on your flexibility!" He laughed again, and I laughed with him. That was one was pretty good. Sucking my own cock, hadn't heard that one before. Oh well, time to shower and get ready for work.


The man on the radio was right, it is congested downtown. That's fine though. I left early, so I have plenty of time to get there. No reason to be upset. I roll down my windows, stuck in traffic a mile from my exit. I pull out another cig, doing nothing but enjoying the day. I start to zone out, when the person in the car next to me starts waving to get my attention. We are both crawling along on the interstate, so I mouth "What?" since I don't think he could hear me. Choosing to try to be heard, the man yells over the sounds of the highway.


"Hey retard! You just trying to give me cancer? Do that somewhere else, ya idiot!"


I slowly flip him the bird, but then I see it. A huge billboard with my face on it. In my mouth, a cigarette. In small letters above my head, it says "Only a moron would smoke a..." and in huge letters on my forehead, "FAGGOT." From this distance, I can hardly see the small lettering, but I bet if I tried hard enough I could see my face and the word from home.


I sigh, and flick my ash onto the slowly moving road beneath me.


"Maybe I should cut back a bit. Yanno, for my health."


The wind is whipping against my hair, carrying away the billows of smoke escaping my mouth, lashing a silent rebuke in my ears. My hovercar is the only one on the highway, cruising at 200 miles to nowhere.

I pull hard on my cigarette as the first holo-ad materializes in the distance, having identified me personally.

KENNETH STETTER, the hologram reads as it beams into my eyes, WOULDN’T YOU RATHER BE ELIGIBLE FOR LIFE EXTENSION? YOU COULD IF YOU QUIT SMOKING!

I allow a faint smile to lightly touch my lips. No, I think to myself. I’m quite done with this life, and if the nanomachines did not prevent me from ending my own life more quickly, I may not even be reading this now.

My finger stabs the dashboard controls, and my hovercar doubles in speed, blazing down the highway. The cigarette framed between my fingers threatens to be carried away by the turbulence, but I hold on, as tightly as I can.

KENNETH STETTER, the second hologram a few miles on begins, SOCIETY WOULD WELCOME YOU BACK IF YOU RENOUNCED CONTROL OVER YOUR WIFE’S TOBACCO COMPANY. DO YOU NOT WANT TO BE AROUND PEOPLE AGAIN?

My face is numb, my hands are aching, but a fire burns within me. Give it up? Give up the one thing which brought my wife and I together, as we fought to keep the company alive even whilst all the others were shuttering their doors one by one? Relinquish the one facility left in this country which could produce compact little hits of heaven, just for me?

The third hologram, perhaps sensing my petulant resolution to double down, went for my jugular. I had known there was public pressure to eradicate smoking entirely from our society, but this…

KENNETH STETTER, it said, forcefully payloading its message into my brain via aged eyes too slow to turn away, IF THE TWO OF YOU HAD NOT SMOKED THAT NIGHT, MAYBE SHE WOULD STILL BE HERE?

The tears cloud my vision, flowing up from a blackened heart I had thought was no longer capable of such tender emotions. The guilt I had learned to tame over troubled decades of infighting calls to me, from over the horizon, as it whispers in cruel lilting tones, reminding me that they never agreed on the exact cause of the fire. 

And in that moment, I consider flicking the cigarette to the flowing streams of asphalt below, chucking the cartons carrying its cousins over as well. 

… but then the aroma, the honeyed smoke, wafts into my nostrils, and the pungent scent dredges up precious memories, transporting me back to those years ago… of long drives with her, holding her as she laughed in my arms, of lying in bed afterwards when she would sleep and I would sidle up close, just us, two of us, drunken in our euphoria of being with each other…

I can’t recall her face anymore, or her voice, and on some days, even her name. Time has taken those away from me.

Yet, I feel her next to me, just as it was, as it should be, whenever the lovingly rolled tobacco yields its jealously-hoarded secrets to the searing flames, and the smell, the smell of her, envelopes me.

The fourth, fifth, six holograms down the road come to life, carrying messages designed to cut, to provoke, to push me to drop the last cigarette.

But I’ll never do that.

My lungs extract the last of my cigarette, and as it turns to ash, dissolving in the currents swirling by me, I’m already lighting another.

Down the highway, the neverending highway, my hovercar streams.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


It was 2040. The United States, most would agree, was in phenomenal shape. The economy was booming, contrary to what pundits predicted would become of President Karenna Gore's policies. The air and the water was clean. The average American was considerably healthier than just a decade ago. Nobody in the *world* even smoked tobacco anymore... save for me. 

Yes, I was the only human being left on the planet that smoked those cancer-sticks; and I was world famous for it. I guess that makes me an ass-hole. I thought I had a case for myself though. I mean, consider the- "Oh, well that's just great." 

I gazed up at the fresh billboard. It was me, with cigarettes protruding from every orifice of my face. Brutal. It gave me a sick feeling. I wasn't angry, just stressed.

"I need a smoke." 

I took out one of my beautiful hand rolled stogies. No store sold the stuff anymore. Society had turned me into a craftsman, a modern cowboy living in the city. And they knew exactly where I lived. The ads followed me around like a shadow; pleas from every health organization from A to Z; personal letters from government officials. It was non-stop. 

I took a much warranted drag and let out a cloud of smoke through my mouth and nose, much too conspicuously. 

"Oh my gosh," said a woman from across the street, stopping her friend and pointing. "Look! It's him!" 

I twiddled the stogie in my fingers and glanced casually over at them. I took another drag and headed over to them.

"Hey! Why don't you stop?"

"Yeah. Call it quits. It's not hard."

"Hi ladies. My name's Eliot."

"Yeah. We know who you are."

I smiled and began to raise my cigarette.

"Whoa! Hey!"

"Second hand smoke! Second hand smoke!"

I put my hands up in surrender. "Relax." It was like I'd pulled a gun out. They were backing away. I let the cigarette to the ground and stomped it out as a sign of peace.

One exhaled in relief as she had been holding her breath. "I have a kid you know."

"Okay."

The other sighed. "This might not be my place but-"

"Probably not."

"-you're the last person in the entire world who smokes. You're life must be... very very hard. Why, why don't you just stop? They have amazing programs-"

"Believe me, I'm well aware." I pointed at a magazine stand, where a full row of issues sat with my face on them and the headline 'It's easy, Eliot'.

She looked at the issues. She looked back, struck with a note of sympathy. "It must be stressful."

"Yeeah. The irony."

"Well, is it worth it?"

"It's not just for the smoke itself, crazy as it may sound. It's like a remnant to me. A relic. Something to hold on to." They were intent now. I wouldn't admit it, but it was so nice to have this from someone besides my dog. He's a great dog, don't get me wrong, but it was no challenge getting him on my side. "Clint Eastwood, James Dean- Gandalf- the French! Artists, authors with wooden pipes, and- and politicians chewing on cubans. I know things are better off now but, I miss it. I miss it all."

One of them half smiled. I sure hadn't made anyone smile in a long time. That felt good. She turned to her friend. "Could *one* really hurt that much?" She neared me and gestured at the tobacco box in my jacket pocket. She said, smiling fully, "light me up."


They watched from across the street as I pulled one of my 'death sticks' to my mouth. It isn't like how it was a few years ago; then they tried to hide their staring. I lit it and took a drag then let out a smoke ring that would have impressed if it had come from an E-cig or pot. 

I smoked it down to the end and threw it on the ground just to see their reactions. Pleasant as always: playful jeers and helpful advice for my lifestyle. I just walk away, ignoring them. 

It's a sunny day with minimal clouds; the holoAds are almost invisible. I can barely make out a cartoon picturization of my face with a nice red X over it. From what I can tell it's being used to pitch a special edition of chips, promising to donate %5 of the editions profits to cancer research. Fun! I'm the figure head of cancer now. 

Ever since the guy in Germany quit last month I've been the last smoker on Earth. I've got to say it's quite interesting having more people recognize the name of Laren Volk than Osama Bin Laden. Kind of profitable too. It turns out people love to keep up with everything the person they most despise has to say. My blog has just about 3 million (30,567 until!) ~~haters~~ followers. 

A street ad changed as I walked by. 'Stay away and you'll make my day!' it said with a picture of a cigarette and laid out in vintage meme format. I can't help but laugh at how people pay thousands for ad block and I get it for free. I pull out another cig and light it, really just to spite the sign. 

My walk ends at my apartment. I ignore the photographers across the street and enter my apartment. I put my cigarette out on an ash try that literally had my name on it and walk up to my room. Two flights of stairs later, and a few neighbors who pretended not to see me, I reach the sanctuary that is my room. 

Everything is nice and tidy, as I left it, and I pet Rufes, my mid-aged Labrador, who'd dutifully met me at the door. He doesn't seem to mind the smell or really anything to do with what makes me a tumor of society. I wish society would take note.

After I fixed myself lunch, and another session of petting, I went to my computer and began the days entry. 'Hey haters,-' it began and then went on to include all the small mundane things I'd done in the morning. I wrote about coffee, people I saw, a guy who was cute, policies of the latest president, and really anything but cigarettes. 

When I'd finished and posted it I watched as the comments rolled in. 

'u need to stop smkin'

'kys. your the worst of humanity'

'I like that coffee too!'

'Why do you smoke anyway?'

And so on. I eventually had to just turn it off and found Rufes. "Do you like me Rufes?" Rufes started to pant. "Good boy. Good boy." 

I proceeded to cry into Refes's fur for hours.


I'm really starting to hate CNN, and not just because of their fake news articles.

All eyes have been on me for almost a year and a half. I'm the only person that still smokes, and honestly, at this point, I'm just doing it because I feel like pissing off the rest of the world. It's at the point where I have to grow and roll my own cigs. Marlboro sold me their recipe after they went out of business, and I grow my own tobacco, roll my own stuff, etc. The government has tried everything. First, the Prohibition of 2021, which cut smokers down by 97%. Then came the crackdown on dark web sellers, and eventually everyone got caught smoking. They found the names of people that hadn't signed up for drug tests, until the only people left were the ones off the radar. And then, the military swept the streets and found everyone that was left.

It was May of 2038 when I was announced the last smoker in the United States. But here's the thing: they didn't arrest me. I had gone for multiple tests while smoking, never once did they stop me. Just told me I failed. I think it's because I simply didn't care, and therefore the government didn't care. It's kinda like breaking into a bank, and then when the police come to arrest you, you just say, "No." And then they stop, confused, and just walk away.

Well, after that, of course, you become a national celebrity. The government still wanted me to stop, of course, but they couldn't really make me without locking me in a room for three weeks and making me cold turkey it out. So, first, they tried laws against growing tobacco. "Okay," I said, "You win. SIKE!" And continued to grow more tobacco for myself. Then they tried ad campaigns. This is where it got annoying. I couldn't even go to the grocery store without seeing my face plastered to a wall, smiling back at me with the words "JUST QUIT GREG SCHMIDT" in big red letters surrounding the picture of my head. I was known by all, people pointed me out in the street. It was no use going somewhere else, either. One time I drove from my house in Virginia to New York City, and lo and behold, there I was in the middle of Times Square, my smiling meth mouth of a face looking at me among the words "YOUR FAMILY PROBABLY HATES YOUR FILTHY HABIT." They weren't even trying to rhyme anymore. They straight up hated me and wanted me to stop.

So, when I was 45, 28 years after I had lit up my first cigarette, I decided that there must be something in the Constitution that protects me from this kind of public degradation. Nope. I took it to the Supreme Court and everything, no dice. The only people that liked me were teenagers that thought it was cool to stand up to the government and media sources that made money off of my "developing story of a life." I'm not even kidding. That's what they call my life. The catchphrases aren't much better, if one can even call them catchphrases. Here's a list of my personal favorites:

- SMOKING IS BAD FOR YOU (no shit)

- JUST STOP SMOKING GREG

- WHY DO YOU SMOKE, YOU BIG FUCKING JOKE

- THE POLICE ARE COMING GREG (ahahahhahahhahhahaha)

- (my personal favorite) JESUS CHRIST YOU STUBBORN BITCH

I don't know what to do anymore. My house is the only haven I have, if you consider a building constantly surrounded by paparazzi trying to take a picture of you a haven. I can't order pizza without the people fighting over who gets the chance to deliver the pizza to me. But, I must say, it's fun being known for something. I just wish the advertisements were a little less harsh.


The billboard screamed 'Just stop it, Tim!'

The TV coughed and spluttered

The taxi said 'Your teeth are grim!'

His smartwatch lurched and muttered

&nbsp; 



Adverts on trains, adverts on planes, adverts rolling along

Telling him 'Stop, you bastard, Tim, stop!'

All in a terrible song

&nbsp; 


They chanted, they screamed, they hollered his name

They mocked every part of his life.

But Tim, using AdBlock,

Heard not a thing.

So the adverts killed his wife.


He buried his head in his hands. The condensation from his steamy sobs leaked through his fingers on to the pavement. It took every ounce of strength to pull his head up and confront the billboard, but he did it anyways.

There she was. His wife, holding his withered body. It didn't seem like it was truly his corpse. The veins were hyper-exposed, the ghastly skeleton reminded him of the blanket scare tactics anti-smoking companies used in the early 21st century. 

But her expression. Her anguish. It was all too real. 

He knew the adds were not real. He knew the recent breakthrough allowing billboards to send targeted adds at each passerby. This was simply a personification of his inner monologue. His desire to quite, not strong enough to keep his marriage. The little white sticks he cherished overcame his ability to remain an active father to his princess. The addiction was more than a release, it was life.

The billboard flickered and he turned away. He imagined all the potential images it could be. Another fluffy wheat cartoon. The seductive escorts he had been seeing recently. He clenched his knuckles on the railing of the bridge and looked. 

There she was. His little girl. Running and playing with a kite. He was confused as this didn't seem to be an advertisement or sponsorship at all. She seemed to be in a cemetery, but everyone was happy. His eyes focused on a strange cylinder shaped coffin. 

"Here lies Jason Ritz. He sacrificed all he loved to satisfy destructive desires. If only he had quit smoking". 

The guilt. The burden. The sorrow. 

Every emotion bubbled up to the surface. In that moment Jason knew he could not be the man who died from smoking. He could not be the man who chose to continue his addiction at the cost of his wife and kids. He knew she was gone for a few weeks but when she came back, he just had to be clean to live a long happy life.

He couldn't face the thought of choosing cigarettes over her. 

He reached in to his back pocket. The warm pack cradling him gently. He removed the packet and placed it on the railing of the bridge. 

A small smile crept up on his face. 

He climbed up on the railing. Inhaled a large breath of fresh air. 

He jumped.


"The Surgeon General would like to remind you that smoking causes lung cancer and other serious health effects"

Will squinted at the bright neon billboard, its screen casting an unnatural white glow over an otherwise dimly lit street.  Taking in the message before briefly sighing and continuing his walk, he gradually made his way down to the corner store, trading the dim glow for bright florescent lights.  

The man behind the counter smiled warmly:

"Evening Will, the usual?" 
"Yep"

From behind the counter, the man produced a long unmarked white box, the front of which had only a single line of text "Smoking causes cancer".  They'd stopped printing brands on the boxes a long time ago.  Will took the box from the man. 

He walked outside, opened the box and removed a pack, taking a moment to inspect the rather generic item.  Once more he found only a single line of text: 

"God Dammit Will"

"Fuck"


"Well this is a bit excessive," I thought at first, "even for them."

He was everywhere.

After the first week, I named him Xavier. I don't know why, it just seemed to fit.  He was a distinguished, handsome, and charming. Exactly the opposite of his target.

It seemed like an odd use of apparently brand new tech, connecting every visible ad together to let an imaginary character follow me around. It didn't matter what ad. He was always there, getting his two cents in about my habits.

The latest Audi commercial, showing a young couple driving along the California coast, "Son," he chimed in from the backseat, "not even this car would get you a woman." 

He had a line for everything. Viagra was "coming sooner than you think" and I couldn't even watch porn without him commenting that the local girls weren't really locals, and even if they were... well you get the point.

The friends I still had, while not many, were growing impatient. Their ads didn't star Xavier, and he was sure to remind them that all I had to do was give it up and he'd go away for good.

For whatever kind of software program he was, I thought, he was surprisingly inquisitive. "How'd you know it was coming?" Xavier asked, referring to the mandated shutdown of all tobacco production. 

Truth is, I listened to a lunatic online on a hunch and used my life savings to purchase enough smokes to last the foreseeable future. But I wasn't about to start explaining myself to an ad.

I never responded. And never planned to.

"Alright, I give up," I paused for a second and turned to see Xavier pressed up close to the inside of my TV screen, while an ad for Puppy Chow played behind him. He looked far less confident than normal. "I'm begging you to stop smoking. It's the only way they'll let me go."

It took me a second to process exactly what he said.

"Wait, what?"


"That thing will give you cancer," the man in the advertisement said with a smug grin. Jake moved on. He was use to it at this point. Anyways Nothing could top that time, nearly two years ago, when the President herself had mentioned him in the state of the union, highlighting the near perfect success of the anti-smoking campaign. 

Jake had gotten use to it by now. It actually had some benefits. On the one hand, he was a pariah of sorts. People looked on at him with disgust. They asked him if he knew how bad the habit was, as if the increasingly personal advertisements or the constant protestors outside his house had not already given him that impression. But he didn't really care. He had grown use to the life of an outcast, but it wasn't all bad. He had no problem finding women to date, though usually that only lasted for as long as they were trying to piss off their parents, but he didn't care. There was always another.

It even helped him make friends in some circles. Sure they would never smoke with him, but they respected him. He'd get invited to conferences and even spoke at the UN once, a symbol of the freedom he represented in his country. They would never ban smoking, take away his freedom, but so to were they free to shame him. He didn't mind though. And in a way, even as they shamed him, they appreciated him. He Was a lone holdout in a world that became less familiar with each passing moment. He was an ever present, if stinky, reminder of when things didn't move so fast, when people didn't know so much, when mistakes were tolerated. Now everything changed so much. Technology has transformed the world in to a sort of utopia, and though life was undeniably better, it was less interesting, less challenging. Change became the norm. Jake was a reminder of an older time when people were more individualistic, more interesting. And so while they urged him to conform, he was confident they were happy that he didn't.

"No one wants to marry a smoker Jake," the billboard spoke to him.

"Yeah well a smoker doesn't want to marry," he shot back. An annoying laugh shot out from behind him. He turned around to see a young man, no more than twenty, smiling at him.

"They said you were funny," the man quipped. "You'd have to have a sense of humor to carry on with those Death sticks."

Jake was use to this. They'd make a comment and then usually move on, satisfied that they had said their peace. But this young man lingered. Jake could tell he wanted to leave, his mind was ordering his feet to move but his feet refused to yield. Something held him there. 

Jake reached into his pocket and pulled out one of the cigarettes he had rolled earlier that day. He offered it to the man, something he had done a thousand times before, a small and expected act of defiance, typical of these exchanges. But this time was different. He saw it in the mans eyes as soon as he offered it. That look of excitement that seemed not to exist anymore in this world of ease and plenty.

"Sure," The man said and extended his hand.


I've outlasted it for years.  I've watched campaigns come and go for years never having any effect on my habit, but this was something more.  The first anti smoking ad I saw was when I was 10 years old. It showed a middle aged man going through his daily life with a hole in his throat.  Plugging it when he took showers, talking like some demented robot, scaring his children.  This had absolutely no affect on me.  Science would take care of it, I thought.  Robot voice could be fun, I hoped.  But I will never be given the courtesy of robot voice, for the culture war against smoking has persisted.  

A few years after scary throat man, the government deployed a little more extreme measures to curb smoking, they began showing pictures of damaged lungs and arteries on the front of every pack of cigarettes.  Every time you went for a smoke, you would be faced with the harsh reality of lung cancer.  Again, this had absolutely no affect on me.  I could always get a transplant couldn't I?  Do lung transplants exist? It doesn't matter, the point is I just want to smoke my Marlboros. 

 A few years later, the government again ramped up their efforts.  This time, they encouraged citizens to heckle anyone they saw smoking.  It was incredibly effective, the few people who could make it past robot voice man and pictures of fucked up lungs couldn't continue to smoke when it wasn't even cool.  I mean it's one thing to knowingly destroy your body while looking badass, but to do it when people are booing you is just plain stupid.  For a few a while it was just me and a group of angsty teenagers who liked the attention, but soon they passed the phase.  Now the year is 2040, and I smoke alone.  Every time I leave the house for a smoke I'm berated by every living person on Earth.  Kids, old people, it doesn't matter.  They've researched me, and they know just how to insult me.  Every time I buy a pack , the picture that come with is no longer of damaged organs, but personal insults written by the cashier.  This morning it said, "Your father is disappointed in you."

But still I persist, I don't friends, family, personal relationships.  Not when I have my Marlboros.


Only a year ago, I would have killed the woman with a bulldozer. She would have slipped on loose rock, hardhat skittering, and let out a piercing scream. That would have ended her fairly quickly, though. There's a chance I'd have chosen something slower. Trapped in a freezer maybe. Or kidnapped and tortured. 

That's the thing I loved about my old job. I could get so creative. 

Starvation used to be a wildcard. Something only used in the less affluent nooks and crannies. Every so often, I'd toss in a doozie, like a pack of malnourished children in the heart of the suburbs. People were always so astonished at what I could slip right under their nose. Now starvation is everywhere. 

If only I could stop it. 

Human life is in the single digits now. Without them I am lost. 

Somewhere in all the ash, the woman stumbles atop shaky legs. Up ahead lies a gas station. If there's no food inside, she'll die. I can tell she's thinking of her dead husband. She gets these sort of hiccups each time before she cries. "Please," she croaks, hand outstretched towards the doorway. "Please give me strength."

She's not talking to me really, but I feel the need to whisper. "I've told you my secret," I say, though she won't hear. 

"You have to hold on." 

My secret is this: I was just a conductor. I stood before Death, atop an ethereal pedestal. Together we played symphonies. I basked in the music as we ferried mortal souls. But now Death's music plays on even though I've cast aside my little wand. It sounds to me like a timer. 

The woman is three paces from the doors when she gasps. She screws up her lips in pain. If I had adrenaline to pump, it would course through my veins. 

I sweep low to place a bony hand on her pregnant belly. 

"My turn to beg," I say. "Please just a little longer." 

When I was myself, I'd have been near giddy with glee. Pregnancy was an endless well of opportunity. It could go awry in innumerable ways. Now, the thought terrifies me. I've even considered praying.

Onward she stumbles, with me urging from behind. She can barely open the doors. She has become so weak. 

"A little further now," I say. "For all our sakes."

Across the mountains lives another group. I know them well, for they've been whittled down to two: a grisled man and his son. I've pointed them this direction. Really, they're our only hope. That, and the baby being a girl. 

I'd have never thought to imagine it: running short of all options. 

Words fall short when the woman finds a bag of saltines. She crumbles them in her mouth, closing her eyes, sucking the stale salt and grain. They will make her thirsty soon. But for now they are welcome. 

How ironic, then, that at that moment her water breaks. She gasps in surprise. She runs trembling fingers through the muck.

When the contractions start, I tell her she can do this. She shrieks out in agony, and I tell her she *must*. I'm there for each dreadful push, my old purpose flipped on its head. A smear of crimson blood would fill me with despair. Gasps of pain feel like electricity. 

When the baby is born, the woman is crying. 

For a dreadful moment, it's the only sound. 

She holds the tiny thing up, inconsolable with emotion. Then, sure enough, the baby bursts into tears.

We'll need to feed it soon. And the others will need to survive the mountain. But for now, I enjoy the moment. A symphony of tears. After a time, the woman holds the baby close and sings a raspy lullaby. Her poor throat is croaky, completely off key.

I find it absolutely gorgeous. "Sweet baby girl," she sings. 

Chock full of possibilities.

---------------

r/M0Zark


Five thousand left today on all the Earth. I cut the soul of the five thousand and first not one hour ago.

The outcome seems inevitable. One by one, they'll fall. One by one, until no one is left.

What will happen to me then?

I'll take time to consider this.

*****

Four thousand are left. The four thousand and first committed suicide. It was tragic. He'd lost his entire family. But no one stops fate.

Not even me.

After I fulfil my duties, the only thing that remains for me to do is to reap myself.

*****

Two thousand nine hundred and ninety nine are left. A malnourished couple both died when they tried to cross a river.

It kind of bothers me how the number is off by one.

It's like it's telling me: there's one you're not counting. This is a round number.

I don't want to hear it.

*****

Two thousand are left.

I've lived for such a long time that there are no words to describe it...

Lived isn't really the right word. Existed, perhaps.

And yet, of all entities, me, the one who has had the most time to make sense of it all...

I want things to continue.

*****

One thousand left.

This job is monotonous... But every day, I get a glimpse at what makes people truly human.

I've never realised how much it touches me deep down.

If I stay around... How will I cope with the emptiness?

*****

Nine hundred left today.

I'm running out of time.

I don't want this Earth to die.

I want to see cities brimming with life.

I want to see marvels of architecture, fresh after construction.

I want to see the rise of civilisations.

... I don't understand what's happened to me.

*****

Eight hundred left.

I took pity on a young girl a few days ago. She should have died, but...

I delayed reaping her for just long enough...

Just long enough for someone to find her.

This is a first. I've never taken pity before like this.

I'm forsaking my duties, but deep down I'm wondering if that's so bad.

*****

Seven hundred people left.

I don't want to let go.

I don't want things to end.

Understanding what this feels like firsthand is quite something.

How could I even feel what death is like myself? The despair? The sorrow?

Only in this situation could I feel things like that.

It was so impersonal at first. But now, every time I reap someone, it's like I'm dying myself.

*****

Six hundred people left.

I can't go on like this.

*****

Five hundred people left.

*****

Five... hundred.

I've stopped. I've just stopped.

I can't do it anymore.

*****

Four hundred and eighty three.

It's not enough.

The world, it's dying, and I-

Even if I don't reap people, I can't stop them from dying if they just give up.

If I don't reap them, their soul suffers and becomes damaged.

What do I do?

*****

Four hundred and eighty four.

A child was born today. It's a rare sight. The child carries my hope for the future with it.

Her name is Dawn.

*****

Four hundred and fifty nine.

I'm trying my best here...

Come on. Show some will to live.

Don't you know that dying could be the end of everything right now?

Are you so despondent you don't even care?

*****

Four hundred and twenty three.

I've... begun communicating with people.

I didn't know I could, but...

People can sense me.

I push them away from danger, and towards supplies and shelter.

They don't always listen, but it's a start.

*****

Dawn is healthy. She is a very sweet child. If I fail, she might be the last human alive.

I don't plan on letting her inherit a dying planet.

*****

Four hundred and twenty.

Someone... Someone talked to me today.

They couldn't see me, but they talked straight at me.

Not physically, but mentally. Their heart was open and it showered me in hope and gratitude.

They didn't think of me as "Death" today, but as "Fate".

*****

I wonder what it means to be Fate, rather than Death.

It's not a role I've played before.

Death is definitely a type of fate. It's my speciality, I suppose.

But in the grand scheme of things, isn't fate more than that?

*****

Dawn's mother is sick. I'm so worried about her.

I hope she survives. It's pharyngitis. It could get bad.

******

I basked in the sun today.

It's not a thing I normally do.

It's funny how the things that are most important to you only reveal themselves at times like these.

Just letting the rays of the sun envelop me... It feels so pleasant. I wish I could do it forever, now that I might not have forever to do it any longer.

*****

Dawn's mother, she...

She's going to survive. I refuse to reap her.

I won't let her die of pharyngitis. Not at her age.

Twenty years ago she'd have survived with ease. I won't let it be different now.

*****

Four hundred people left exactly.

It's slowed down a lot.

A band of travellers have met up with Dawn and her parents. I guided them to her. They have medicine.

I'm doing similar things elsewhere.

******

I'm caressing the soul of Dawn's mother. It's hanging on to her body by a thread.

I'm whispering to her.

I'm telling her not to let this be the end.

She can't abandon Dawn.

She can't abandon the last ray of hope on this world.

******

Dawn's mother woke up again today.

She's dazed, but she spoke.

She told everyone that a guardian angel stood over her, and that it told her not to give up.

She said I comforted her, and that she could feel that I was brimming with sadness and hope.

She called me Life.

*****

Another child has been born. His name is Ercan. Ercan and Dawn live half a continent apart, and they won't even grow up speaking the same language.

But even so, I hope that one day they'll meet.

*****

The number is going up.

I'm pushing it up. I'm exerting every bit of strength that I have.

But it's working.

I was a fool.

I've always been Death because the world needed Death.

Why did I keep being Death for such a long time after the world no longer needed me?

The world needs Life right now, and I'm it.

******

It's Dawn's first birthday today.

I don't stand in the sunlight so much any more.

Basking in the radiating life force of this human being that's the beginning of it all is so much more fulfilling.

I'm not the only one feeling it. Everyone here is.

Just like her namesake, she's crawling over the horizon, a shining beacon of a new future.


In the heart of the dying world, I sat down and watched them. Power wasn't going to die anytime soon. The physical laws of the realm had never slipped, only the mortal's grasp on them.

It was only a matter of time, though, before even those laws were devoured, shoved into greedy maws. Released back into the entropic chaos of the universe. Feasted upon like ravenous carrion, skin split open like balloons.

But that was not what bothered me, for those things would happen after I myself had passed on, and it was the nature of all things to die.

And yet...

I reached out with a thing hand, skin so pale and paper like it merged with the List that cradled my body, and infinite expanse of ink that not so long ago had seem truly infinite with it's billions of names and gently brushed the sad little bush growing in the corner of the bunker.

It didn't have a name, but... it didn't need a name. If it were named, I would see it and eventually have to take it. 

I had a partner once, not terribly long ago. It was nice to be remembered back then, deified. Dozens of me in dozens of different places.

That fractal had been stolen from me, and I missed it.

But not enough to forget my solemn task. My fingers flicked across the bush, and I killed the blight growing on it's branches. Death took the individual cells and robbed them of their time, sending vitality back into the plant, and speeding on the journey to the end of another species. Then I withdrew the list the had burrowed its way into my fragile paper skin and ran my fingers down it. Hours. Minutes. Seconds. Days. Years. Billions of names. Everyone that had ever lived. Everyone that was yet to die. It took far too long to reach a name that was not scratched out.

And then I stepped out of the shadows on another shadowed bunker, where the power had gone out. I could hear the shaking of many bodies, cowering in the darkness.

And one soul that had decided to not cower, but stare at me in wonder.

"So you've come for me, have you?" The leader said, their skin blemished with age, cancer, poison, a thousand different causes of death, interwoven in a bizarre tapestry. My right eye saw fate. My left eye saw nothing but the quirk of their lips.

My head slipped to the side.

"Yes, I can see you, pale one. Do you speak my tongue still?"

"I do," I said, slowly. "Have you come to bargain?"

"Bargain?" The leader laughed, their eyes alight with something like amusement, but bitter, deeply so. Like the bushes that had died in africa, too many years ago, or the brushes the tigers had played in greater asia, when death swept through again and again. "There's nothing for me to offer."

"There are always such things to offer," I said, pleasantly.

"Not to a dying world," they said, plainly. "There's nothing left that I can do for you."

I blinked. Slowly, so that fate flickered across my eyes, the gently tugging and whirring of those beautiful weavers. Where had they gone? Another world? Spun their own way into an escape? What pleasant sunny place had they found, where the skies were not choked with ash and burning clouds? Did I miss them too?

I did.

"For me?" I said. "There's nothing wrong with me."

"I saw you once, decades ago, when you came for my mother. Your skin was gleaming and polished like the sun, and radiant,"

My right eye flicked back through fate. Dozens of years taken back in a second, until I saw their mother's name sketched up and marked through, in a hospital, with the sun outside, and bizarre music playing, cake, candles, wind. Did my fingers drift across her hair like the card in thread, or did it drift across the child, watching in the corner, who knew that I was there?

"And now you are as pale as I am. What has happened to you? Have you grown old?"

I stared down at my hand, then slowly twisted it until my wrist ached. How long had I been bound to this world, trapped in the incalculable twists of fate.

Had I once had volition, or was I created for such a role? and when I died, where would the role go? Would there simply be nothing left? Would I appear again when life appeared? I...

There was nobody left to ask. How many names had been crossed out on my paper armor. How many names were left on my paper skin, and how many times would I cross them out in my own blood before my veins finally ran dry?

"There's nothing I can offer you. The power's out, and my temperature is dropping. Soon, my children will join me."

I stared at them for a long moment, then turned away. Man defined fate and meaning. They always had but... what good was meaning now? And yet...

"You will owe me greatly," I intoned.

Their face stiffened slightly, then went into a slack, joyful grin.

Then I drifted through the halls of that dying compound, hand out stretched. Fate had deemed that this bunker die, and plunge the whole of Russia into the domains past this. And yet... when was the last time I had seen another psychopomp. Where was the Reckoner? The Masked? Where were they now, in the infinite fractal?

Or were they gone just as I was, with their skin of paper and fire, knit with ink and dressed in their sunday bests, buried deep in the ground, where nothing could touch me again?

My hand found the generator and I called upon the great conduits still left in the world. They had blinked out, one by one, as the hunger had taken them, each one a scream. Something I'd taken.

Could it be that in the end, the laws that had chained me for so long had also died?

Leaving just me and the handful of life left around the globe?

But a single conduit answered my call. New York, perhaps, buried in it's central park. Coherence and meaning kept them chained, from the few survivors who had left.

And then the bunker slowly whirred back on, powered from afar by the crossing paths.

Heat flooded the bunker, and the dying leader smiled as the shaking slowed, then stopped. Life had been saved. Peace had fallen into their hearts.

And perhaps, hope, for the first time, settled upon them like atomic ash.

And in the sky, cloaked in ash and darkness, there gleamed a single red star of the war god.

-----

https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ for more like this, try here!


Erica pulled the trigger. I stopped the shot before it fired. 


“You’re an asshole,” Erica said. She opened her eyes and stared straight at me. She should not be able to see me. 


I blinked and moved back. 


“Don’t give me that,” she whispered. She shuffled onto her feet and dropped her shotgun at her side. “I know you’re here. I can *feel* you. It’s just us.” 


She was not meeting my eyes, her gaze landed on my chest. Erica was fire. It was the only reason she had survived this long. Former military, young - but not young enough to be stupid, and no family to hold her back. I found her last winter. She lived in a cave in the mountains, by the mouth of a brook with a bubbling hot spring only a half mile downstream. She did not need my help, at least not as much as the others. 


“I’ve felt you here before. Following me around,” she sighed. 


Erica was cold today. Her eyes sunk into her skeletal face, framed by a broken halo of hair. Her left pinky and ring fingers were twisted and wrapped with blackened tape. This house did not suit her. 


“I’ve heard rumours about you. Saul told me he saw you last summer when he was sick. He said he was lying there, wishing for it to all be over, and then he felt a cool hand on his back. He told me he thought it was Death, finally here to take away the pain. But darkness didn’t come. He could just *breathe* again, and walked away from his deathbed like it was only a head cold.”


Erica shuddered. The wind railed against the wall and blew through the shattered back window. “A few years back we were dropping like flies. All of us survivors - people who were smart and capable of living through the first wave - were just falling. Five years ago there were thousands of survivors. I could barely get through a small town without having to hide from looters. And then three years ago I didn’t come across a single person in all of New York.”


Erica was ice. Her voice rattled in her throat. It was true, though. Even the survivors could not hold back the tides. I am the only one who can. 


“I don’t think anyone’s died since the winter before last.”


She was right. A year and a half ago I began to look for them and stood watch over the handful of survivors. I even guided them towards each other. A last hope for them. For me. 


“Saul said that you were Life. I don’t think that’s true. Life knows when to let go." Erica’s head slumped forward. Her body shook with a sob. “I want to go.”


*No*.


“Please,” she whispered, “Just - just let me leave.”


---
/r/liswrites


I held her in my bony grip.  "Elizabeth," I whispered through the ether, "Hold on."

"What's going on?" she screamed, half in horror, hanging from the cliff seemingly suspended by nothing, "Let me go!  I want to die!"

Deep below her there lay jagged metal spikes, the remains of an insurance building mostly destroyed by a nearby atomic blast. 

"Lizzie," I said, using the term I knew her mother had used before she succumbed to radiation sickness, "You're not alone.  There are others.  Trust me, keep walking, and you'll reach the settlement soon."

"I'm crazy," she cried, tears falling from her eyes while trying to wriggle from my grip, I was limited in what I could do.  If she wanted to die then I couldn't really stop her.  I found out that I could change their minds though.

"Elizabeth Darlene Simmons," I growled, cheating by using her mother's own voice, "Did I wander the wastelands for you to kill yourself?  Did I fight off those mutants for you to just waste your life?"

"M-mom?" she said, her struggle lessening, "I want to be with you, mom."

"You can," I continued using the voice as I slowly began pulling her up, only because she was letting me, "But not now, Lizzie.  You have to live.  You have to find the others - fight, live, raise a family.  Mankind must continue."

"Why, momma?" she asked and the question struck me like a fist.

"Because," I said with her voice, then I switched back to mine as I answered truthfully, "Death sucks.  There is nothing beyond.  Only darkness and nothing.  I should know for I guide the souls to the door and have seen nothing beyond."

"Who are you, really?" she asked, and to my surprise she allowed me to pull her to the top of the cliff fully.

"Death, child," I said, "I am the personification of Death.  I am... afraid."

"Don't worry," Lizzie said, her eyes narrowing as she held my hand tighter now, "I won't let go. Not as long as I have a friend."

I relaxed and held her hand.  Together we walked across the barren landscape toward the waiting settlement.   For some reason I wasn't afraid anymore.


It was not often that I looked upon the mortal realm. Living souls on my world were growing ever-abundant, and for each new life, the promise of new death came as well. It was a steady stream of power that I took for granted, certainly enough to keep me satisfied. My power grew each century as the human population staggered upward.

And then one day, I felt it. A pulse of power. The colossal loss of life in a near instant. Perhaps a few million souls. Life sat across the chessboard from me, a worried look in his eye.

"Likely just a large meteor again, I'm sure it will be fine." I reached forward to move my bishop, when a felt another pulse.

Life's face was twisted in agony. A series of pulses came, and my power grew beyond Life's as he weakened and I booned. He groaned and collapsed to the floor, and despite my sudden advantage over him, I peered toward our planet in fear.

Once life and I had been enemies, but even as I hated him, he was necessary for my own existence. For there cannot be Death without Life.

Nothing appeared to be striking the planet, yet massive explosions seemed to plague the surface. Not giant meteors, no external energy sources. I closed my eyes and felt the heat of the planet's core. No signs of release or pressure. Volcanic activity was under check. How was such destruction occurring? I used my power to slow time and establish a presence all upon the surface.

The humans were at war? Yet there seemed to be no battlefield. 

Another pulse. Fire, energy, death. I surrounded the source with my presence. The explosion appeared to come from the sky. I turned my attention to the air...

Metal monstrosities soared in the skies, each one with the power to snuff out more lives than the greatest war. What had the humans done...

With a clench of my fist, I erased the terrible weapons. It drained much of my newfound power, but I could feel the slow, painful deaths of those around the world. 85% of humans had already perished. I need not worry about lacking in power this day.

I followed the gaseous trails they left behind to facilities of iron and steel. The humans there had caused this destruction. They had the audacity to complain at the malfunction of their weapons. Why had they done such a thing? What good could come of such massive death? Even the plants and animals would struggle to survive this.

They burned from the inside-out at the wave of my hand. As their souls left their bodies, I snatched them. Few had the honor of coming to my realm.

I looked upon the surface of my world. Once, this sight would have brought upon a smile on my lips. Now, I thought of what would become of Life.

I found him frail, bloodied and dying. He was unconscious, and in such a state he could not use his power.

I felt myself begin to panic. I had great power now, but it could only destroy. What could I do? Where would I begin?

***My first prompt! Usually I write drafts of plot and go back to fill it in a bit more. Let me know if you like the ideas, at least.


My Dearest Friend,

This last dance was splendid! All this sounds and lights and flames, this is by far our greatest moment so far! I have to say I'm proud of myself on this one, I brought the big guns if you know what I mean. I hope to see you again soon after your well-deserved winter rest.

Yours truly,

Your waltz partner

---------

My Dearest Friend,

It has been a while since I caught I glimpse of you. I'm worrying I went a bit too strong on you last time... But I know you're still out there since I am still here, so it is just a matter of time before we're reunited once again!

You will be pleased to learn that our favorite toys have survived. Scattered and afraid yes, but Humanity lives on! It will takes time before they can be of any use to either of us, but I'll keep an eye on them in your absence.

Yours truly,

Your longing playmate

--------

My Dearest Friend,

Your absence is weighting on my heart, yet I know you would berate me or make fun of me if you were here. How far away have I fell from my fearsome days! Yet I can't let our favorite toys fell and rot without you by my side.

You see, as your creations emerged from the centennial winter, so did a plague even I couldn't design: an unending wave of shambling corpse neither dead nor alive. How those little men who are already struggling against the Nature you designed would have any change against them? So I confess that -from time to time when the situation seems desperate- I took the habit to cut the string of those undead marionettes. I know you wouldn't approve, but they're barely holding together anyway. In a way, I'm just taking back what's mine with a quick snip. Preserving our favorite toys is worth bending the rule a little.

Yours truly,

Your apprentice puppeteer

---------

My Dearest Friend,

I am so sorry! I hope you'll forgive me when we are finally reunited. 

They think I'm you! 

As time passed my little... twists to our usual purview became more and more frequent and humans assumed it was your doing. They even began to build temples to worship the Unsewer. I know I should stop, but the waves of undead only become stronger with time and even if they're rediscovering their past tools, Humanity has still no chance to defeat them.

Should I let events follow their course and reap them once and for all? No! I can't bring myself to do that. I have to protect your creations in your absence, and our favorite toys above all else. It's the only way I can hope to see you ever again. I miss you every day a bit more. Come back to me soon. Please.

Yours truly,

Your devoted impostor

------

My Dearest Friend,

I finally saw you again after all this time. You were hiding in the depths of our last dance scar that humans has renamed Death's Maw. A small group of strong warriors ventured in the bowels of this corrupted place to find the source of the undead plague. I followed them and I saw you. I barely recognized you. You were frantically stitching back together the remnants of the old world to assemble more and more of those abominations that have been endlessly scourging the Earth for so long.

Is that all you're able to now? I miss your beautiful work of old. I miss your colors and shapes and smells. I miss reaping them and seeing them whiter in their own unique way. Seeing you revelling in my rotten leftovers in a vain attempt to recreate the past broke my heart.

I wish I could help you. I wish I could pull you out of this forsaken hole and show you how the world was reborn... but if I approach you we will just dance once again, don't we? My Dearest Friend, I'll be waiting your return. Since Humanity gave you my name, I will don yours.

Yours truly, for now, and ever,

Life


"Dude, fuck Life. What a dick." said Dan. 

A lazy man with even lazier grooming habits, Dan burped and slurped another Rolling Rock. As a black crow picked at the remains of a corpse on his front lawn, Dan reached back into his cooler-chair and grabbed another cold one. 

"You want one? Or are you still 'gluten' free," muttered Dan.

"I can't believe I'm stuck at the end of the world with my ex...  " muttered Genivee. She was a beautiful woman. Was. A failed young marriage and a career and a half later, she looked like a woman whose best days had left her. 

"YOU HEAR ME DEATH? FUCK YOU. YOU SUCK AT YOUR JOB!" screamed Genivee. 

"Tried that. He ain't coming." said Dan. 

"How do you know Death is a He? Maybe it's a She? Or maybe Death doesn't have any pronouns." tendered Genivee. 

"Does anyone give a shit?" fired Dan. 

"Give me the goddamn beer," returned Genivee. 

Dan chucked a can to Genivee, who, of course, dropped it. She was never great at catching things. The can rolled toward the corpse to the crow. 

"You didn't have to throw it that hard." said Genivee.

"I didn't throw it that hard," retorted Dan.

"You totally chucked..."
"I threw it normal"
"Throw it normal, what does that mean..."

"WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP?"

"What did you say to me?!" 
"I didn't say shit, there you go again, always accusing me..."

"HELLO, DOWN HERE!" 

The crow turned it's head and waved it's little wing. In a flash of light, the crow and the corpse disappeared, and, out of nowhere, appeared the Mick Jagger dressed in an all black suit.  

"HOLY FUCK! MICK JAGGER?! I LOVED YOU IN THE BEATLES!" screamed Dan.

After a dumbfounded glance, Genivee studied the Mr. Jagger and carefully asked, "who are you?"

"Please allow me to introduce myself. I'm a man of wealth and taste..."   

"Wait, isn't that a Rolling Stones song?" asked Dan. 

"Good Lord... I'm Death, you nitwit. I figured I'd at least dress in style to meet my new subjects. A more familiar form, no?"

"So, can I have your autograph?" returned Dan. 

"God, I can't believe you and I had sex... Sorry, mister, um, Death? Subjects?" asked Genivee.

"Yes. Subjects. You two are the last humans alive, and, well, per Eden Protocol 101, I am to keep you alive so you can procreate. Or else I shall be eliminated. Rather ironic, no?"  Death said with a smirk.

Genivee, dumbfounded, turned and vomited onto Dan's half dead lawn. 

"I thought you might like that, Genny. You Mortals seem to think Death and Life are separate, but you were all rather mistaken. Well, except the Buddhists, they got it right. But, if you asked me, they lived such rather boring lives anyway that I daresay I can count that as living"  laughed Death.

"Excuse me, Mr. Jagger. I'm a little confused. Are you saying that we are like some sorta Adam and Eve or something?" asked Dan earnestly. 

"Well done, Daniel,"  applauded Death. He picked up the Rolling Rock and, with a snap, the can turned into a martini with a black olive garnish. 

"Surely, there must be some mistake... how can we procreate if we hate each other? Aren't there other couples that may be better suited? Barack and Michelle? Kristen Bell and Dak Shepherd? Hell, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West?"  pleaded Genivee.

"Others? Who better than you two? You two fit the bill, perfectly. Oh, and don't call me surely. Did I do that right?" snickered Death. 

"Fit the bill? Of whom?"  asked Genivee.

"Of Adam and Eve. You two are splitting images of them."  answered Death. 

Dan and Genivee gave each other a flabbergasted look as if each were trying to see if either could be the Father and Mother of man. Dan took his hands and began to protect his ribs. 

"I'm not taking your ribs, you fool. Besides, you have too much fat on them anyways..." sneered Death. 

"How are we like Adam and Eve? Weren't they kind and welcoming parents?"  asked Genivee. 

"They HATED each other.  All their bickering." laughed Death.  "And that family was a disaster. One of their sons murdered the other?! Hardly great parenting don't you think?" 

"Why do you thinkhumankind was such a disaster? All the fighting and killing and sex. It was truly rather entertaining watching you little humans hurt each other so. I had them entertained for eons! But it got old and you mortals blew each other up anyways... So think of it as a... reboot of sorts..." gleamed Death. 

He finished His martini and then snapped his fingers. A California King drapped in black satin sheets appeared. 

"We're ready for you two to start whenever you’re ready."


A shadow hung over Hope as she wandered through the rubble and ruins of what remained of human civilization. With every step she made, Death followed closely, watching her with his never-blinking twin pits of darkness. 

Hope shivered, and for a moment, the cold breeze that had slipped down her neck felt... *alive.*

Death watched as Hope pulled her hood, a ragged coth, over her head and cinched it tighter. Warily, Hope continued down the worn road. Cracked and weathered with time, it stretched into a ruined city, its name lost with the passage of time. Most of the buildings and towers had toppled over, but some still remained standing. They leaned and hung precariously in the sky, threatening to topple with only the slightest breath. But the world was barren, lifeless and silent. There was not a single soul, not a single breath to be felt, except for one girl by the name of Hope. 

And Death was there when she was born. He was there because there were two lives for him to take. 

----

"Come on Clara! Almost there!" the man shouted, his voice resonating into the silent grey sky. 

The man was on his knees, his hands ready to receive a new life and behind him stood Death. 

Clara had cried and screamed for hours through the night, and when the sun finally rose, there was silence. 

Clara had given birth. 

"Its a girl... Its a girl, Clara!" the man cried as he wrapped the baby in a blanket. 

But Clara didn't respond. 

"Clara?" the man crawled forward on his knees. With one arm cradling the baby, he checked Clara's pulse. 

Death had taken Clara. 

The man had cried as he realized this. Then he stopped himself when he noticed that the baby wasn't crying. 

Death had watched as the man began to panic, shaking the baby gently when she didn't respond. Then putting his ear to her tiny chest, the man listened. There was no heartbeat. Only the sound of his own breathing could be heard. 

Devastated, the man had screamed a raw and guttural cry. Despair had settled into his own heart, and the man was ready. Ready to meet Death. Still holding onto to the still-born baby, the man clutched a knife and brought it to his chest. He would plunge it directly into his own heart. 

Death saw this. He saw that with the man's death, there would be no life left. It would be the end of Death. 

"Wait," Death whispered. 

The man flinched as he heard Death speak, and thought it was the wind, but there was no wind, only a cold merciless mist. 

"There is still hope," Death said.

Shocked by the words, the man had dropped his hand to his side, the knife still firmly in his grip. 

Death bent down, low enough that his breath could be felt on the baby. *It's not too late*, Death thought. Death extended his bony fingers, and touched her heart. Then there was a heartbeat. It was faint but it was there. *All she needed was a little nudge*,  thought Death. 

The baby let out a breath, then breathed. Then she began crying, wailing loudly into the silent world. 

The man dropped his knife as he smiled, then began laughing. He was overjoyed. 

"Thank you. Thank you Lifegiver!" the man cried. Then he looked down at the baby. "Your name is Hope," the man whispered. 

Death stood up, straightening his back as he watched. Today he had given life, and now in his hands, he held hope. 

-----

"*Life*, I would kill for some canned peaches," grumbled Hope. 

In her hands were canned beans. She had stumbled her way into an abandoned supermarket. Now she was stuffing her bag full of canned beans as she continued onto the next aisle.

*Hopefully, somewhere within this barren world, there were canned peaches*, thought Death. 

----
----

/r/em_pathy


I roamed the scorched, torn apart streets. The vestiges of what once were great buildings lay scattered in the path. The silence, which I used to find comforting, now made my bones quiver. I missed the bustle of the crowds, and their awful jokes. I missed the smell of food, and the fresh scent of spring. I missed their tales, and I missed so much more.

So far, I had found a single family alive. I hadn't searched too much, for I had focused my efforts on taking them to safety.

They called me Life, and it suited me. They couldn't see me, nor hear me, but I had guided them with a path of stones to a cave in the mountains, where I left them with enough food for two weeks. Then, I came back to the city, seeking for life.

Six days had gone by, and all I had found was wreckage, dry blood, and the thick reek of radioactivity. There had to be more survivors. I had heard the rattling of those weirds creatures hunting.

I sighed, and sat atop a pile of broken boulders. The night was deep, and the moon shied away behind thunderclouds.

Something tugged the back my robe. It must have gotten trapped inside a crack. It happened a lot, for it loved to billow. I pulled it free, without success. I turned.

A woman stood there. Her skin was jaundiced and she had no hair. Her jowls were sunken, and her extremities were extremely thin.

"Help me," she said. Her voice was soft and fragile.

I froze in place. She could see me? How? She was still alive. I couldn't taste her soul. 

I placed my scythe atop her head, and it shimmered iridescent. The countless colors bathed her in a gleaming shower of light, and once it faded, her skin had recovered her natural tone, pale-white.

"Is there anyone else contaminated?" I asked.

She shook her head.

"How did you survive alone for so long?"

"I don't know," she said, mouth quivering. "I don't know what is happening. I-I just woke up. Am I dead?

That didn't make any sense. Had she been asleep for an entire year? Why didn't the radioactivity kill her?

"No, you are not. Follow me," I said. "I will take you with the others."

The rattling of approaching steps resounded in the distance. The creatures were coming.

----------------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall - For more stories. I might continue this later!


Death often found themselves reminiscing about those times. Work had been easy and plentiful. Their ears fluttered when someone’s end was
near, they quickly flew over, and before the victim knew it their soul was now in the
possession of the Repear himself. He often complained that there was too much
work for the little time he had in his days. 

Now, he wished he could do anything to take back those words.

Nuclear annihilation had been a constant threat to humanity
for almost a century at that point. All it would take for one insane leader or one
desperate dictator to set them off and kill the world. Ironically, the world was
at its highest level of peace on a millennium when it happened. But humans are
not perfect, and just the slightest error in missile’s code could give a
completely different command then planned. Unfortunately, other countries did
not forgive that mistake. 

When the ash settled and the humans finally crawled out of their
vaults, 1,220 human were still left on the planet Earth. 

At first death simply continued as normal. Someone attacked by
mutants? Wait for the inevitable. A man fighting off scavengers? See who would
win. He was sure that humans would eventually jump over the hurdles and
repopulate the planet. Maybe the job would even be manageable now, he smugly
chucked to himself. 

That was the plan at least. 

Death realized more and more how fragile of a species
humanity is. When necessities are nearly non-existent and the environment is this
hostile, humans are completely defenseless. Every year their population would plummet
by 100 until there were only 300 left. Death began to worry. God told him that
if humanity were to ever fade, he would with them. What if he kept true to his
word?

Death would have no other choice. 

It was a women with their two children. They had been
huddled in the shelter for three days, starving. There was no more food left,
and their life from their eyes was draining by the second. 

Well, this was a better time than ever. 

Materializing in front of a human for the time in his career,
he reached out and offered them a loaf of bread. 

 

Making part two now.


Lily, if I were to have continued my old work she would have been dead by now. Found by her friends and family.  Would I have had her kill herself? I may have even had her get hit by a public bus.  But that isn’t the new me, now I have to make sure these people survive. There use to be so many people that I had the privilege of deciding their fate, most people would have been appalled if they had to do what I did. But now with a little over 200 people left on this planet I must keep them alive. My life depends on their population not dying out.

It’s been a few years since the bomb that wiped out 99% of the human race went off. At first I was continuing my job of killing people but I soon came to realize how weak it was making me. When the population had dropped down to about 50 I was barely able to keep my self in this realm. Without my help the humans were able to get a little bit more population and my energy has slowly returned. I am nowhere close to how powerful I was but I don’t currently need to worry about disappearing. I’ve had to make it my new goal to make sure these people survive as long as possible. 

The people know very little about me, they seem to react to my presence which I assume has to do with how weak I currently am. They gave me a name of “life” but if only they knew who I really was.

Lily is my current target, I sense her life will shortly end but she is only 34 years old. I am not able to foresee their exact deaths but I can do a little bit to help them. I notice up ahead there was a few trees. I counted 4 people working on collecting lumber for new buildings and they were working on a huge oak tree. Lily was right in the path of the tree about to fall.

As they nearly finished cutting the tree I made a very small root come out of the ground and trip Lily. She fell face first into the dirt and I felt slightly sorry about causing her pain. 

I’ve grown soft since I’ve taken this new role and I hope once the world is back to a stable state I can return to my old life.

The tree fell with a loud crash directly above the spot Lily was going to. I heard a faint “thank you” as Lily got up and brushed off her knees. 

This is how my life’s been these past few years. Helping people and hearing them thank someone they can’t see makes me feel sorry for them. Sorry that I was the reason all of this happened.


I am that which is because it isn't, I am the void that encompasses everything. I'm not usually this grandiose but I believe I severely overestimated how grounded they kept me, all those souls I encountered, roughly 1 every 5 seconds coming to me exiting this world and a new soul being granted a shell every 3 seconds. These days I'm lucky to find a soul a week and births have become so exceedingly rare that I sometimes wonder if I will revert soon.  You see something like me is sustained by the passing of that rare electromagnetism called the soul. All creatures have one and every time they pass it filters through me and spins the appropriate wheel and keeps the appropriate gears turning. My evolution to this point was mainly predicated on the fact that the human psyche has influenced me so much that I've become somewhat human myself, At least my mind but now I can feel the souls of the bugs outweighing the human and somewhere in my deepest recesses I feel a clacking,chittering growing mind, barely aware but learning. If something doesn't change I fear I will become an unthinking abstract again. 


Today I was seen by a man with a child. My mind is beginning to regress, they shouldn't have saw me at all but it's hard to keep focus when the chatter inside gets this loud. I suppose that could also explain what happened next. The man begged for water and help. I am death, I am the Malachhamavet, I have watched so many souls beg for anything imaginable within the human experience, I never helped any of them save for the way I universally would and could anyway by touch of my embrace and that sweet ending they so often expect to come with a bang when the reality could barely be called a whisper. I was never cruel, I was never kind, I was the true neutral and I went back on millennia of no interference for this one man and one child. 


The small canteens of water saved them from this desert. Everywhere is a desert now I suppose since they dropped their bombs on each other. When he asked my name I did not lie and he only thought I was half crazy for saying such a thing. Three days later he came to me with a question, I know such things are important to humans so these were called henry and Diane respectively. 


Henry asked me "how I had so much water when I carried no bag or gear on my person." 

I told him" he already knew the answer" 

Henry responded in a queer way, he broke down on his knees crying which greatly upset his tiny companion. Henry said " if you can do that than why don't you help?! What's stopping you? If God gave a fuck wouldn't he be here too?! Please if anything happens to me take care of Diane. She's got no one besides me." 


I looked over to the small one named Diane and I made a confession. " As long as you remain in my company you will not die, nor can harm be done to either of you." 

Henry stopped crying for the first time in minutes after hearing that. He just stared and said " thank you, thank you, thank you." I lost count of how many times he said it and I felt a feeling of pity for these creatures as they lay here dirty and half mad from my revelations. 

I needed a moment to myself so I went to a nearby hill to gaze out to the wastes before me not so unlike the void from which I myself was birthed. That's when I heard the shots. Three humans, two males and a female had entered our camp which sadly consisted of some simple sheet metal arranged in a box and a Fire. That was when I felt the two souls sublimate into my being but I put them back in their shells and in but a moment I found myself face to face with the three that had tried to cheat death out of his company. I felt it may be counterproductive to reap the three so instead I simply reached into their minds and left them as blank shells. Marionettes really now, hollowed out and ready to receive what will be given. 

I did another thing for the first time I had once sworn I never would. I brought three souls back. The mother of Diane, one of Henry's brothers and a random decent soul I found screaming in the void. The reunion was a strange one filled with my speaking of how they were back as much as it was filled with tears of happy reunion. Something else too, Henry's brother and the one I found screaming felt incomplete and soon expressed why. They missed the others they'd lost and in that moment I found myself missing the ones gone more and more. After much thought I'd decided I would find indecent souls and reap them but do what I did here and replace them with the decent ones that were lost or in time find a way to create life myself. 

Diane has grown on me tremendously, I fear what my presence does to these beings though and fear my acts repercussions on them even more. They've taken to proclaiming me their God, a titles neither want nor can accept, Diane has taken to calling me life and that makes me feel the emotion of joy more than it should. That's why I've decided once it's built up enough to continue on its own, this new society, new humanity we are building is stained by my touch will be rid of me. Since I cannot die being an abstract entity and all I will divide myself amongst the remainder of life on this planet and universe with the majority of myself inhabiting henry and Diane. 

There were always meant to be two of us. Even abstracts know loneliness once they gain sentience. Myself and the one called God were such once, she so beautiful that even now I see her in every facet of creation. The Big Bang they speak of was her death, a necessity for this universe being born. She split herself into everything, that was the moment I lost my light. All the stars born from her could not begin to equal what I saw and felt with her and so I will sacrifice myself to save her creation. My recent actions have made clear I cannot simply watch anymore and the kind of power that resides in me will eventually SnapBack and do as much bad as good I have accomplished in an effort to balance the scales. "This is the only answer Diane, you know everything I do, you are everything I am. You are the new scales, the new balance."


I found a star in winter's end that called me by my name -

For Death they say the world will spin, but seasons stay the same.

I want my life to carry on, but humans fell too far,

And now that storms have come and gone

so few people makes life hard.


It has become my mission now to carry on their way,

I leave them signs and signals just to get them through their days.

These humans seem to think of me as relics of the past,

but now that food's no longer scarce

their happiness will last.


For many years, some fifty two, we have not seen a death.

And though my power wanes I have accepted this life's best.

As my life has carried on these humans call my name -

they whisper god has come and gone

but Life shall stay the same.


They can see me. I made it so. They screamed, ran away from me, hid in the ruins of their civilization. I never liked hiding, it was a necessary evil that I no longer needed, so I remained there and waited for them to come back. 

Their leader stood in front of me. Middle aged woman, an air of suburbia surrounds her. She is going to face me like I'm somebody's manager. Haven't I seen hundreds like her? 

"Who are you supposed to be?" she says, as she points at me. 

"Your ally" I take off my hood, she takes a step back "we seem to have a common interest: you don't want to die. I don't want your kind to die"

My words took her aback, but she stood firm "Well, if you didn't want us to die, why on earth did you turn the world into...?“ her kids were watching from a window "doo doo?!"

I shrugged "I didn't do-do that" I hear snickering from afar "The mechanisms of society, of reality, are far too complicated, not even I can understand it. But I do have much to lose if your kind is lost. That's why I am offering my services"

I extend my hand. She stares at it, then at me. "A deal with Death?" she asks as she grins. 

"Not anymore" I say " A deal with Life"


How... Ironic, it is for me. My job used to be simple. Well, all things considered. A little insight on how I was created. You see the creator made me devoid of emotion except one. Curiosity. Therefore, my job would give me some sort of purpose. But now, I've given myself the task to keep these last humans alive. And they call me, Life- Ha... Haha. Humor... I think I understand it now.
You see, these humans are mixture of false hope and denial. They think they are alive because I am there savor. But in reality, I'm just, well, curious.
You see I've done this job for centuries now and it would be nice to see what it is like if it were the opposite. If I was asked to go to the other side. However; I don't want to die because... These humans are rather intriguing. They talk and reminisce about "the old days", and they talk about a day that will never come.
Yet, I somehow admire there hope. It's also rather falsely placed. I forgot to mention. I also learned a couple of emotions recently. Boredom was one of them.
Good thing they keep things... Interesting.


My mind has always played jokes on me, but this is too much.

I've long been in the habit of finding reasonable explanations for the way the world coincides with my inner life. But this defies explanation.

I rifle through the envelope. There's a thousand dollars in twenties. My name is scrawled in childish letters on the front.

"So this is what the space inside my mind is worth. One of those things you think is priceless, but nothing is. A thousand isn't too bad though."

I look around my messy office, quiet but for the creak of floorboards in the apartment overhead. Dust motes dance in rays of sunlight that land across my oak flat top desk. One of the few things from my parents' house I wanted to keep.

"How'd you get it in here, then?"

Nothing. He comes and goes - a ramblin' man. Sometimes I imagine there's a railway network between the brains of the world, and I've got a stop near a hobo camp where the crazies like to hop off. 

A thousand bucks. I could get into trouble with a thousand bucks. I slap the envelope across my palm a couple of times, almost heading for the door. I pull out five twenties, shove them in my front pocket, and throw the envelope in the safe in my closet.

Someone is banging on the door. My heart picks up a bit. Through the peephole I see the fisheye distortion of the neighbor kid Lucy. I open the door.

"What's up, kiddo?"

"Who's the guy who was here earlier? Why does he have a key to your apartment?"

I knew it. I knew I wasn't crazy this time. It's hard to understand if you aren't crazy yourself, but an explanation that makes sense is better than no explanation - even if it means someone broke into your house, apparently with no other purpose than to leave you a thousand dollars. Which has no other explanation other than a thought you had earlier. The real explanation is there, somewhere. You can find it later. But this is a good start.

"He's, uh, my uncle. He was just feeding my fish for me."

"You don't have a fish."

"I got one."

Lucy scowls at me. She knows I'm almost always full of shit, so she almost always regards me with the same chronic skepticism usually reserved for known liars and problem children. 

"Well whatever you're getting into, stay safe, okay?" She whirls around, her long, straight black hair making a disc around her head for a moment before she runs down the hall.

I head out the front of my building, texting as I go. I let my guy know I need to meet him. He's always happy to grab coffee any time of the day or night.

We slip into a booth at Jack's Old Fashion'd Diner. In my head, to me, it's "Jack's Unnecessary Apostrophe Diner." Private jokes are a little more fun when the voices in your head chuckle with you, but not by much.

My guy has messy brown hair and snake green eyes. His white t-shirt is loose and semi-wrinkled like he slept in it. He probably did.

"So you come into some money, or what? What's with the house call?"

I never correct his haphazard speech. It seems like his mind is always catching up to where and when his body is.

"Something like that." I say.

He smirks. "So you sure you only want that amount? I can provide a longer supply..."

"I'm good with what I asked for. What, you tired of seeing me or somethin'?"

He takes a quick look around the restaurant, moves his hand near his coffee cup on a saucer, then slides it towards me. I pick it up, pour in some creamer, then push it back to him. He smiles and puts his hand in his pocket.

"You're getting better." he grins. Gulping the rest of the coffee, he slides out of the booth. "And you're finally learning just the right amount of cream. It's a finesse game, you know. An art."

I raise my eyebrows in a kind of "yeah, uh-huh" gesture. But he's already gone.

Look, it's nothing crazy, okay? Self-medication kind of becomes necessary when you're in my position. Insurance doesn't cover the anti-psychotics my doctor wants me on. These are pretty close and they're half the price.

I cut through the park on the way back to my place, crunching the pills and thinking about the man in my apartment. At times my life has become a blur of my mental projections and my reality, people coming and going, people I half-know and some, who after spending nights and days with, seem like the most real thing I know, turn out in the morning to only have been a fever dream, barely remembered.

Ho boy. They're kicking in know. The grass in the park turns blurry, green blur, and things smooth out. The sky is a crystal. I can see past the atmosphere.

Green is good. That's it. I'll try to remember. Revelations, revelations! They come. The time comes, and I feel it, and I know it, but to remember, ah. That is the thing. The thing which I grasp, yet not fully, yet oh the sky. Madness.

Cooly I walk, cooly. No time for a rest, a spell. Who now is this dark figure, this devil beside me? I sit. A half-stand. Beside me on the bench. Who?

*Are you okay there, friend?*

He speaks from underwater - a merman. A sea creature. from the night of the world.

*You're swimming in a narcotic sea, aren't you, pal?*

"My mind reaches... and takes. And beholds."

*But you see me, don't you?*

A sharp change. a turn in the wind. felt but not seen. The man - the sea creature.  i behold him now. no, not a stranger. a known person. a quantity. a memory. a voice.

*I trust you found my first month's.*

a shiver. a remembrance. money in a narrow paper box, a gift, a strange thing in a strange place. rent.

"My benefactor!"

i rise. i stand. the dark figure beside, he sits. a disk of flesh color spinning in place. 

The world becomes clear in phases. A flash here, and return to madness. I call this phasing. Far from frustration, the contrast makes the high even better. Sometimes I just want to get lost. But sometimes it's nice to see the world in two ways. Flicking the light switch.

Now I see the man, dark suit and bowler hat. Old-timey, square jaw and flint eyes. Thick eyebrows. Well-kept. The kind of guy who looks like he'd smack is wife if his dinner wasn't hot at 5 o'clock sharp. A mean guy.

*Just need to get a breath of fresh air, now and then. You get to be cooped up after a while.*

A voice, yes. A body, no. Where the line is drawn, I never know. See this? The uncertainty? How can someone ever drive a stake in the ground, pull a string taught from it, and draw a circle, and say that within this is what I know? In a manner of speaking, of course. That's just it. No way to know what works, what is real, what is acknowledged. What can be known for sure.

*I quite enjoy the room, you know. It's got some view. It's like going to the movies and seeing the character descend into madness. But I don't need to do it myself, you know? Living vicariously through people whose lives we don't want. That's the new American Dream, you know. It's too hard to actually do it. But experiencing it? That's easy.*

i swim. i swim through air, sea of nothing fog. then i am in my bed, and time commences to discommence. i enter void and days go, hours go. sometimes shafts of light, sometimes shafts of night. but always moonlight, only positive or negative. my fish is dead. i held ceremony, sang sweet elegy to his name. Martin. Martin i called him. pain gnaws in the middle of me and i am missing something. the cosmos swirl and i am of it. the buzz. the hum of time and ratcheting gears of things i must remember. i must. i must...

Awake. Sunlight. Thirsty. Hungry. Adjectives and nouns come one by one. I know it's the end of a bender. Pharmaceuticals mixed with mental illness can send you on a journey. Only afterwords do you decide if it was a trip worth taking.

There's a cold bowl of soup next to my bed and slippers on the floor, ready to slip my feet into. A card draw in crayon propped up behind the soup. A picture of a goldfish with letter x's for eyes. Inside: "Sorry about Martin."

I come back to life, slowly, attend to my human needs. Bathroom. Food. A shower has never felt so glorious.

When I am fully alive again, I go to my desk to write, hopefully, while I still have the clarity for it. I go to sit down, and stop in half-crouch.

An envelope is on the corner of my desk. Shaking, I look inside.

Two thousand dollars, and a scrawled note:

*Sorry about the mess.*

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

---

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

Hey there! Thanks for reading. I'd love for you to subscribe to /r/xilead if you liked this, and would like to read more of my stories.

&nbsp;

edit: I am blown away by the response to this! Thank you all for reading and providing words of encouragement. If I ever turn this into a book, I will be sure to let each and every one of you know. 

Additionally, I've received many excellent reading recommendations. Keep them coming!


Two hundred pounds sat patiently in a manilla envelope on a bedside table, until Richard Bankwest awoke and shook them out. His name was scrawled across the front of the envelope in an unfamiliar hand. The handwriting was poor. Childlike, Richard thought.

Where had it come from? He hadn't the foggiest. There was no note attached. No real explanation. Did someone owe him money? Not that he could recall. 

He put the money in a cabinet, in case the rightful owner came looking for it, perhaps realising their mistake. Then, he all but forgot about the event -- and the money -- for almost an entire month after.

January passed, as it always did for Richard: the English winter stretching interminably, like a sheet of ice suffocating the ocean, until eventually swallowed by the horizon. He worked. It was at a call centre, and it wasn't a job he liked. Elderly people would ring up and ask if they'd qualified for this money or for that money, and Richard would tell them no, and that they couldn't have any government assistance, and then they'd get upset. 

Or angry. 

It was easier to dismiss the angry callers. The sad ones... they stayed with him for at least the day, sometimes creeping into his nights, too. It wasn't that he cared. He didn't. But they barged into his dreams like unwelcome family when trying to watch the football.

A new colleague offered him something to help him with the dreams. With the stress. 

He refused politely. 

There was only one other strange incident in February. One event that was a tiny bit unusual for Richard.

He'd lost a day. 

An *entire* day.

He'd taken it as annual leave, apparently. That's what the computer told him. And yet... he couldn't remember booking it, or what he even did with it. Although... his arm was sore for the two days after, as if he'd slept on it funny.

Still, in a life as uneventful and lonely as Richard's, a lost day was neither here nor there. He could lose them all, for all he cared. And so, he went back to his phone and picked up the receiver, and listened to another elderly person drone on about how cold it was this winter, and how they couldn't afford to put the heating on. Listen to them beg for help that he couldn't give and didn't want to.

It was the start of February when he found another manilla envelope resting next to his bed. He took first a gulp, then his time, then the envelope, and finally another gulp as he tore it open and the money drifted out of the envelope like autumn leaves. Eight hundred this time -- and with it, a note.

> Richard. Had a blast last month, so I'm going to take it for an entire week. You kept me locked up for far too long, friend. If you can't enjoy life, someone else might as well! 

He placed the money with the rest of his bizarrely gained fortune, inside his bedside cabinet. *Might get a dragon try to roost in it, if I get any more of these envelopes*, he thought dryly. Dismissively. 

February however, passed a little differently January. 

Mainly because there was *less of it.*

Now, even in Richard's world, where a lost day could be accepted like a penny dropped on the floor that's not worth one's time to retrieve, a lost week (plus a heavy suntan, and a tattoo of koala on his bicep) could not be. 

Something was going wrong in Richard's head, and he knew it.

So he told the doctor.

The doctor said he was suffering from stress. That his subconscious wanted to get away from all the grey. It wanted to shine a rainbow of colour into his life. That he mustn't worry. He was still in charge.

He told the doctor about the note he'd found.

The doctor didn't roll his eyes, but the rest of his expression matched that of a person who desperately *wanted* to roll his eyes.


It was the last day of February (night time, in fact) and Richard was an electric ball of very human nerves. He scrawled a desperate letter and placed it on his bedside table, begging this body snatching Santa to take pity on him.

> I don't care for your money. Please stop taking my body. It's *mine*.  

The whiskey helped him sleep. Eventually.

The note he found in the morning made him pick up the bottle again.

> You don't take care of yourself, Richard. You certainly don't make the most of your life. I'm taking two weeks this month. I have given you two thousand pounds for two weeks. That is far more than your life is worth, I think you'll agree. Quit your job, and enjoy the two weeks every month. If you do not... well, this is your last chance to live, Richard.

He called in sick that morning, as he held the phone to his ear with one trembling hand, and the whiskey bottle in another. He blacked out two hours later. 

It was Valentine's day when he awoke. 

Drugs. There were drugs in his apartment. Clear, plastic bags full of white powder. Had... had he bought them? He couldn't have. It must be this... *other* him.

He flushed them down the toilet as best he could, the powder misting the room and reddening his eyes.

He staggered into work, pale and thin and with two more tattoos to his name. He begged for his job back -- apparently he'd quite thirteen days ago. 

It was reluctantly granted. His boss hated to see grown men crying.

Richard found it a relief to sit back down in his booth and answer the calls he'd used to hate. For the first time in a long time, he even tried *helping* the caller. Giving other numbers to call for advice and such. 

For the first time he could remember, he cared about something.

The next two weeks he *did* remember, even if they were a white haze of doctors and psychiatrists at the weekends, of work and precipitation drugs during the days, and of alcohol and cigarettes during the nights. 

It was the end of March, when he scribbled his final note, in a hand that looked as if it had been written during an earthquake.

> Please. I want my life back. I love life, even if maybe sometimes I don't -- didn't -- fully appreciate. But I'll start dating -- I signed up to a website last week! I'll join a gym soon, too. It's *my* life. Please, give it back.

Then blackness.

Then eight hours later, light.

> *No.*

There was no money this time. Nothing.

Richard happened to glance at the clock. It was almost midnight. 

Then he saw the date.

April the thirtieth.

He began to cry, his lips trembling, until they didn't. 

Until they struck a switch-blade smile. 

Until his eyes shone and his body took a deep, relaxing breath.


"You know, you should probably cut the onions underwater so your eyes don't get irritated."

"Shut up."

"No really, it helps. Trust me. I chopped onions all day long. People called me the onion shredder. Rubbish nickname, don't use it."

"Shut up." The man put his knife down and walked to his living room where he fell into his armchair, sighing and placing a hand over his eyes.

"Alright. No need to get so worked up."

"Alright that's it, onion shredder, whatever. If you want to live here, how bout you start paying some rent. At least that's somewhat useful."

"I am useful! And I told you not to call me onion shredder." The voice sounded almost indignant.

"Whatever. I'm going to bed, and I'll just eat a larger breakfast tomorrow." The man stood up and strode to his bedroom, the voice oddly silent.

&nbsp;

Impossible. There it was, an envelope brimming with cash. He took it and counted it. Five thousand dollars.

"What the hell?"

"Is that enough?" The voice asked. "I'm not sure about it. Had to sell my saliva collection to pay for it, but eh, I like it here. And a bit of saliva never hurt anyone."

The man pushed the memory of his neighbour being rushed to the hospital due to a freak saliva accident, and looked around the empty room. 

"So, you're real? Invisible, I suspect?"

"Sort of. I'm a bleed-off from a dimension different from yours. Bit of a weird place, don't go there without a few ball bearings and a bucket of water."

"And you've been pretending to be the voice in my head the whole time? I thought I was schizophrenic! I spent money on mental health checkups!" The man yelled at the empty room.

"Oof. Sorry to break it to you, but you are still schizophrenic. I probably worsened the thing, but hey, the rent covers it, right?"

"I swear I am going to beat the shit out of you if I ever get my hands on you." The man spun around a few times.

"Hey, hey, you told me I could stay if I paid rent."

"I was joking!"

"Wow. Can you hear anyone laughing?"

"Wait, so alternate dimensions are real?"

"Yes, our side knew about it for ages. My kindergarten thesis was on the correlation between the bridges to this dimension and the amount of French cheese in the surrounding area. Failed, but I like to think the teacher just loved French cheese too much."

"Oh dear lord. Do I have to put up with you all year long?"

"No, don't worry about that, I got an hour away from here every month, so not all year long."

The man imagined the onion shredder having a cheeky smile on its face. He sighed.

"Alright, don't be too annoying, and when I say shut up, shut up."

"I am not annoying. I like to think I've been a positive influence in your life."

"Really?" The man said, sarcasm dripping from his words.

"Yes! Remember your stunt in the storeroom last month? I pulled the offending stool out of the way, and you didn't hurt your foot!"

"I fell off and hurt my back, you bloody idiot!"

"And I knew you got tired of kids kicking footballs at your window, so I installed a 50,000 volt perimeter defense system within five meters of your house!"

"What? That's gotta break every safety regulation in the damn country!"

"No, only 85% of them, trust me I checked. And, I knew you got tired of your neighbour's car honking every morning, so I sent him and his ugly car into the shadow realm!"

"You did? Alright, we need to break out the bottles of beer and celebrate!" he started walking to the kitchen

"Yeah, about that."

"What is it?"

"I noticed your alcohol problem and decided to donate your stash to the Alcoholics Anonymous. They like beer right? They got alcohol in the name."

The man thought back to the explosions last week.

He facepalmed.

[Part Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7uyxhp/wp_a_schizophrenic_man_gets_sick_of_the_voice_in/dtpiag1/)


*Ah fuck.*

Lying there on my desk was an envelope. Vanilla, inconspicuous looking, flap slightly open. The person who'd done it hadn't bothered to lick the little adhesive or whatever to lick it. I knew I wasn't the only one who hated those. 

But I knew, *knew* like I knew the sky was blue what I would find inside there. Trembling, I lifted the flap and peered inside. 

Cash. 

I went to take the bills out, but I dropped the envelope on the floor, and the bills spilled on the floor. A dozen Benjamins stared at me, their eyes somehow accusing. 

"Satisfied?"

I whirled around, expecting to find someone there, but there's no one - just my trashy one-room apartment. 

"In your head, dolt. Jesus Christ, mate, you'd think you would've gotten used to it by now."

I didn't need to speak to it, or even think in sentences to it. As soon as a thought formed, it knew. 

"None of your damn business how I got it, mate," the voice said again. "You got your money, yeah? Stay happy." 

Thinking again. 

This time the voice laughs - it is a grating noise inside my ears, hostile, unnatural. "Who did I possess? Are you kiddin' me right now, mate?"

My heart started beating louder. 

I put on some flip flops and practically ran out of the apartment. I took the elevator to the bottom of the building, and nodded to Carl, the security guard. 

"Carl," I said in the way way of greeting. 

Carl waved his donut at me. 

"Did someone enter the building after me?" I asked. 

Carl frowned but shook his head. "Nah, man. You came in from your night shift as usual, then you left again in the middle of the damn night, and then you came back like two hours ago. No one else came in or out." He blew air out of his nose. "You got a weird schedule man."

It took all my self control to smile back, and slowly, deliberately, step back in the elevator, with that same mocking laugh bouncing around in my head as I did.


"You didn't think I would just leave, did you?" said the voice.

Paul looked closer at the envelope. "I mean... I can't say I was expecting you to pay up."

"Honestly Paul, we've known each other for *how* many years?"

Paul couldn't stop looking at the envelope. It had a green stripe printed down the right side and a plastic window pane in the bottom left. Looking closer at the window on the envelope, Paul could read "First Security Bank".

*Aren't they just down the street?*, thought Paul.

"They *are* just down the street," said the voice, "Looks like you won't be needing to work for a while. Put your feet up, Paul! Enjoy unemployment while you still have it."

Paul began carefully tearing the top of the envelope open. "Well how much is in it?"

"See for yourself!"

Paul dumped out the contents of the envelope on the kitchen counter. Countless dollar bills flooded the surface of the counter.

"Are these real- are these REALLY ALL HUNDREDS?" Paul started sweating.

"That's $13,000 Papa Paul. It's time for you and me to finally relax a bit." Paul could hear the sound of a recliner leaning back. "Go make yourself a cocktail, Paul, you deserve it."

Paul could immediately hear the sound of an ocean. Waves crashed against a sandy shore. Paul could hear footsteps on the sand.

"Your drink Mr. V," said a female voice.

"Your name is Mr. V, now?" said Paul with a smirk.

"It's V for Voice. I'm your voice, Paul. I say the things you sometimes don't wanna hear, but you know they're true."

Paul could hear the sound of Mr. V sipping on a cocktail. The sound of ice clanking against the glass made Paul's mouth begin to water.

"I suppose you're right." Paul gently gathered up his money and sorted it by thousands. Sure enough, Mr. V was right - $13,000 exactly.

"And when am I ever wrong?" asked Mr. V.

Paul gave an embarrassed laugh. "I forget how useful you are sometimes."

"Ahh, don't worry about it. I don't wanna hear it. You better go pay your rent - it's almost 8 o'clock." Mr. V took another sip of his cocktail.

Paul glanced at the clock on his stove - 7:49pm. He quickly counted out four hundred, stashed it away in his jacket pocket, and left. Paul made his way down the stone pathway towards the quaint apartment office. Paul never felt so relieved to be walking to the office with money. He couldn't remember the last time went there without being on the brink of a panic attack. Last month's rent was a close call if it wasn't for that unemployment check.

A hanging bell rang as Paul walked through the front door.

An stern-faced woman with half moon glasses looked up from counting money. "Hello Mr. Shavver, cutting it close again are we?"

Paul smiled, "Don't worry Mrs. Moore, I come prepared this time."

Paul reached in his pocket for the money, and felt nothing.


David sits at his computer, trying to type through the maelstrom of screaming. He shifts a row, typing numbers into the document as though the sounds were just the buzz of cicadas or the music of crickets, rather than the soundtrack of hell.

Pushing his glasses down and rubbing his eyes, he sighs loudly out of frustration. “You know,” He starts, tone a bit sharp, “You’re keeping me from doing the job that I have to pay the rent. Do you know what rent is?” He starts to become sarcastic, even condescending. “Rent is that thing you pay to let you have a roof over your head and to keep you safe.”

After doing another line of values in his spreadsheet, he pauses,  yelling at the voices. “If you want to live here, or in my head, you might as well start paying some damn rent!”

Feeling a little bit better, he takes the quiet to mean he can go back to work, only scratching his arms occasionally. He mumbles the numbers aloud as he types them, unsettled by the near-silence.

He zones out, typing the numbers almost on autopilot. When he finishes the last line, he hears a familiar female voice, one he knew instinctively was named Leah.

She steps up close behind him, her caramel skin contrasting with his pale neck as she rests her hand on his shoulder. In the reflection of the monitor, she’s not there, though. “Come on, David, you need to go to bed. If you stay up too late, it’ll just get worse.”

He hears the jingle of her bangles, the sound of her arm rubbing against her dress as she lifts it to tuck her hair behind her ear, but in the reflection, he’s just staring at himself.

Shaking his head, he logs out of the computer, turning its screen off. He smiles at Leah, taking her hand as he walks into his room and sits down on the bed. She smiles at him, moving quickly to the other side of the bed. He shuffles down, getting into the right position and curling up to her. He wraps an arm around her, nuzzling his face into her hair as he starts to fall asleep.

In the morning, he wakes to his alarm and the voices screaming, his head pounding, eyes heavy, and him still feeling half-asleep. He looks at the clock, then hits the button to turn it off, climbing quickly out of bed and rushing into his bathroom to pee.

While standing there, he notices an unfamiliar voice whispering, or at least incredibly quiet, under the screams. Ignoring it the best he can, David finishes up, washing his hands as the toilet flushes.

He picks up his glasses from the bedside table, unsure of when he’d taken them off the night before, but glad they’re in one piece regardless. He pushes them up his nose, catching a glimpse of his wild eyes, rimmed with bags from being exhausted, staring back.

Ignoring that too, he walks back into the living room, planning on polishing the report before sending it off. Before he can even sit fully, though, he notices a letter, addressed with his name in calligraphy no less, resting on his keyboard. Using a nail, he pulls back the flap of the envelope, surprising himself when it flips up easily. What falls out, though, isn’t a letter, but bills of various denominations.

He grabs them all, noticing it says something on the flap of the envelope. He turns it, reading, “RENT” in neat handwriting.

If he hadn’t remembered snapping at the voices, he’d be confused and maybe even laugh. But instead, he clenches his jaw, starting to count out the money.

“One… two… three… eight… ten… twenty… thirty… fifty… one hundred…” He trails off, mouthing the numbers instead.

Shuffling the money through, he counts again and again until he finally accepts that there’s at least two months rent in the envelope.

The voice he’d heard under all the screaming laughs, amused at his discomfort but still too quiet to be heard properly. From what David can tell, it sounds like an older man, but it could be almost anything at this point.

He stands up quickly, grabbing the envelope and stuffing the cash back in. He closes the flap, holding the envelope tight as he stands on a small stepladder to check his shoe box safe at the top of the closet.

He shakes his head as he pulls down the box, seeing that there’s already a stuffed envelope in there. Shoving the other one in as well, he closes the box and tosses it back into its place on the shelf.

Looking around, he hunts for any clues as to where the money came from. Picking up his keyboard, he finds a single penny, but nothing else.

In the kitchen, he sees a figure, all white with the exception of the shoes, cutting something. David steps closer and closer, especially after seeing it has no reflection like Leah.

Turning back toward David, the man grins wickedly. “Oh, I see you got my payment. I do enjoy a good show, and I’m so pleased you chose to let me stay in here. I do believe we’ll get to be good friends, don’t you?"

-----

This is based off of the characters of my most popular prompt fill, if they sound familiar at all.

Check out my other writings on http://allharlowseve.wordpress.com/ to see what I've written lately, I'd appreciate it. xo


Rick was perpetually tired. Every day he woke up feeling like he had only slept for maybe two hours even though he tried to get ten every night. He wondered if it was his schizophrenia that made his sleep so bad, or if he was really schizophrenic and it was just sleep deprivation.

The bit that annoyed him the most about the voice in his head was the way it talked to him. It was sort of a combination of the way a father or a boyfriend would talk to you. He’d wake up to a good morning, get reminders of things he had forgotten throughout the day, the voice would crack jokes or comment on other guys appearances, and at night tuck Rick into bed and stimulate whatever part of the brain so he’d feel a kiss on his cheek or forehead. 

Tonight he was fed up. “You’re having way too much fun in there Steve and my life is just made worse. So if you’re going to stay then you owe me rent!” 

“You know I can hear your inner monologue. I just heard you say that this is a ridiculous idea, but okay. I’ll get you your money. I like it here, this is a nice place.”

Acknowledging he was crazy Rick had another night of terrible sleep. He awoke groggy and his arms and hands were sore like he’d been doing push ups all night. 

He headed to the kitchen for his standard breakfast of coffee, half a grapefruit, yoghurt and avocado toast. He may be finding relationships difficult with Steve always making comments about the guys he talked to, but he was proud of his appearance  and wanted to maintain for the day he could date again. 

He was watching the news about how twenty something women, suspected prostitutes, had been viciously beaten but they wouldn’t identify their attacker. “Such a shame. Find themselves in such a hard place they have to sell their body only to find some John or their pimp will beat them.” 

“Rick, bitches need to be kept in their place or they will stop paying up.” The tone in Steve’s voice was different, he’d never spoken like this before. 

Rick picked up his newspaper to get the world news, local morning news never covered the really big stories, and a thick envelope fell out. Figuring it was some gimmicky subscription thing from the paper he opened it. 

“Holy Shit! There has to be over ten thousand dollars here! This has to be some mistake, I should call the paper...”

Rick was cut off by Steve talking in this new, stern tone, “Told you I would pay you your money. You’ve earned it.”

Rick started to freak out. He knew that Steve was just a voice in his head but he didn’t have this kind of money readily available.

“Steve, what the hell? Where did this money come from?”

“You want to know? You really want to know?”

“Shit yes man.”

“Okay, tonight, after work I’ll show you. Just go about your day as usual.”

Rick tried to have a normal day but he was on eggshells all day freaking out about where the money came from. The only upside was that Steve was strangely silent all day. 

After a quiet dinner at home he got into bed and almost missed Steve’s normal good night. 

Rick had this strange dream that he was watching himself get dressed in the mirror. It was one of those out of body dreams where you were looking out of your own eyes but couldn’t control your body. 

“Hey there sleepy! Ready for a night of fun. Remember, you asked to see this. You might not like it, but it was your choice.”

“Steve, this isn’t a dream?”

“No buddy, all real.”

“You can control my body?”

“See, you’re misdiagnosed. You aren’t schizophrenic, you have a split personality and I just bleed through to you but not the other way around.”

The two of them went down to their car and started driving. A bit later, after driving both quiet, “Hey, isn’t this that part of town where those ladies were beaten last night?”

“Good catch, Rick. And they are not ladies, they are bitches, and they are my stable.”

Stunned into silence Rick proceeded to spend the night watching as Steve drove around collecting money. They went to a strip club, committed various crimes and eventually started for home around dawn. 

As Steve pulled up a floor board to store his I’ll gotten gains he revealed his clothes and more money than Rick had ever seen in his life outside of a crime movie. 

“So, now you know why you’re always tired, because you are only sleeping for a few hours and you’re spending your nights beating bitches and getting fucked up.”

“I can’t believe you, I, we do that every night. I can’t believe that you are jeopardising my freedom.”

“Time to go to sleep honey. We can talk once you have rested a bit. I’m fucking exhausted.”

Steve woke up at his usual 11pm. He must have really over done it last night because he had slept all day.  

He went to his hiding spot to get ready for another night out. All his money was gone and there was just a note. 

“Hi Steve, Rick here. You sure fucked up last night by showing me what you do and telling me who you are. Fun fact, armed with that I figured out how to keep you out of my head and now I’m loaded. So here’s the deal, you fund my new life and I don’t confess to the police.”

“Shit, did not think that pussy would have the balls to pull a stunt like this.”

“You have bitches, but now you’re my bitch. I know how to keep you out of my head, but you don’t know how to keep me out. Every night I’ll be watching you to make sure you get enough money, don’t waste or try to hide it and you are going to stop partying so much.”

“Fuck me, I’m fucked.”

“Hahahaha, yes bitch, yes you are.”


Larry has been speaking non-stop to me for the past week, and I’m starting to get tired of his shit.

“Hey, I can hear you you know. It’s not like I’m actively trying to bother you, it’s just so unbearably boring up in here.”

Fuck off, Larry! I didn’t invite you into my brain; you came of your own accord and have annoyed me since.

“*I* don’t know how I got here, all I know is that I appeared in the most boring mind possible. You never go out, you never do or think anything interesting; if I didn’t talk constantly, I thing I’d die of boredom.”

You might as well! You’re the reason I can’t go out to do anything. Your constant talking makes me act out and look insane.

“You are kind of are insane.”

Fuck you! It’s your fault that I’m like this, your fault that my medication doesn’t work. You’re the fucking worse, there’s absolutely no benefit to having you here. Your like a bad tenant who doesn’t pay his rent and only causes trouble.

“Wait a minute! You just gave me an idea. I’ll be right back.”

What are you talking about? Hello?

*Silence*

He’s actually gone! I can finally get some sleep.

**A nondescript amount of time later…**

Ugh… How long have I been sleeping? My head and body ache like crazy.

“Good morning sleepy head! Of course, you wouldn’t know it’s morning with your curtains always closed.”

Look whose back. At least I got a bit of sleep. You gotta count your victories I guess.

“He he he”

What’s so funny?

“Why don’t you check on the table?”

What’s in this briefcase? HOLY SHIT! How much money is in here? Harry what did you do?

“I payed rent, just how you wanted me to. Maybe now you’ll appreciate me more.”

Where did you get all this money, though? HOW did you get it?

“Oh, that’s not important, though… I might have a bit more control over you than you think.”

*knock knock knock*

Shit, I’ll get back to this later. Who could possibly be at the door? Let me get dressed quick…

*Smash*

“This is the FBI, get on the ground!!”

“All clear, begin searching.”

What the hell is going on!?

“Sir, we found the money, this is our guy.”

What are you talking about?

“Put your hands behind your back and don’t move! You’re under arrest as the main suspect of a local armed bank robbery.”

OH FUCK YOU LARRY!


An envelope. A single envelope. That was the indicator that I knew I was crazy. Or was I? All I had done was simply ask my mind a question.

I always knew there was some strange separate voice inside my head. One that would get riled up whenever something good happened. One that would fill my subconscious with self-doubt and self-deprecation. Why did he always have to ruin such a good moment with his opinion, or his desire, or his lethargy?

I was still living at home in my parent’s apartment with my two brothers. One older and one younger. It was one day that I decided to yell out loud to the darkness, in the cool still morning air of my bedroom.

“STOP!!! I will not allow you to stay in my head anymore!! This is it! If you want to stay, you’ll have to start paying rent if you want to live here. Otherwise you are no longer allowed in this house! This is a sanctuary and I’m not allowing it to be defiled by the likes of you and your cruel silly jokes! You will pay for what you’ve done to my life!”

And suddenly the voices in my head stopped. Silence. Such a beautiful gorgeous sound. The sound of nothingness. The tension in my body released. I was able to breath a full breath. The light started spilling in.

I went about my day with a skip in my step and what’s more, I even told my therapist about it and he gave me a high-five. I had only been diagnosed with schizophrenia 4 months ago and he said that I was making incredible progress ever since we started our sessions together.

Week by week, I was supposed to send him updates. So that was my update yesterday.

But today, an envelope appeared under my door. One single envelope with the word, “RENT” written in big bold sharpie on the front of it. That’s when I started to freak out. The voices started coming back. It was a cacophony in my head again. Maybe I really was crazy. Maybe I would never be able to break free from this. I was doomed to be trapped in this prison from which I could never escape.

I called my therapist to tell him what had happened and he said to just breath and calm down and to bring the envelope into the office. I picked up the envelope and opened the door. As I walked down the stairs, I noticed something funny about the envelope, it was my brother’s signature handwriting. Then saw my older brother staring at me at the bottom of the stairs.

“Hey,” he said, “I’m sorry for all the things I’ve done to you throughout your life, I hope this covers this month’s rent.”


*Wow, well isn't this quite something?*

You blink, as if you can't quite believe what you're hearing. 

*Yes, yes, you're not imagining it. I'm, "speaking" to you I suppose is how you would understand it*

"B...but," you say out loud and a couple of the other specimens stare to look at you in confusion. 

*Now, now. There is no need to speak out loud. I will be able to hear your thoughts. Your kind comes along so rarely, I would hate for you to get taken in to some prison and electrified*

"Electrocuted actually," you say, this time in your head. Then you shake your head, as if you can't believe what you just "said." "Wait...I...you..."

*Use your words, now*

My mocking tone momentarily angers you, clearing your thoughts. "Who, no, *what* are you?" you say, again, in your head.   

*Ah but you know already, don't you? You were just thinking about it*

You blink and frown. "I was thinking about....something." Your frown deepens. "I know what I was thinking about, I am thinking about it right now, and when I do, everything sort of goes blurry and I feel like I'm watching myself in third person...but I couldn't tell you what exactly I'm thinking about..." 

*Precisely!* 

My sudden excitement makes you jerk. Sometimes I forget how sensitive you folk you are. 

*Apologies for that, quite rude of me. But regardless, what you're feeling, there is no way to describe it in your language. Your language is bound inherently by the three dimensions, by a limited scope, which is all most of your kind is capable of seeing.*

"Limited scope?" you retort, "what sort of bullshit is that?" You're angry, understandably; after all, I've just insulted your species.

*You know full well what I mean. Look around yourself, your fellow people, this...transport that you're in. What do you see?*

Your eyes widen, and you look around, your head jerking from left to right, up and down, out the windows, *beyond* the windows. You are like a child who has just been born into a new world. In a sense, you are exactly that. Then you look at me. There is no three dimensional direction, you just *perceive* me. You open your mouth to speak. 

*Stop. You will just confuse yourself by speaking in that tongue of yours. You now know what I say to be true. You no longer just see, you* ***perceive.***

"But..." you stammer, "I'm no philosopher! I'm just a guy bored on my commute to work. I was just thinking pointlessly about stuff!"

*Throughout history, there have been very few who've crossed the barriers you have, and in an objective sense, they are the most capable of your species. Yet not a single one makes it in your history books. To arrive at this thinking, you cannot be thinking with a purpose, the very nature of Ascending to this thought is to stumble upon it.* 

You give this a moment of thought, then nod, agreeing. Then your frown deepens. I know what you're about to ask.

*Yes quite right. There really is no point to it all. And no, you will never be happy going back to your life.*

You do not protest, you are well past such silly things. You know it to be true. Instead you set your jaw. "I will undo it all then, forget all of it. I just want my life back!"

*Which is exactly what everyone else who's made the discovery has, said, your species or otherwise. They all say the same exact thing within moments of first Ascending.*

"Has anyone done it?" you ask, and for the first time fear creeps into your voice.

*I've been trying for as long as time existed. No avail.*

"Then...." Again, like clockwork, I know what you're going to say. 

*You'll kill yourself?*

"You think I won't?" you say, again that anger rising. It's funny how even after Ascending, certain traits still remain common. 

*Oh you will try, we both know, but you know too that nothing will happen. You are now the same thing I am, Death itself. You will wander like I do, like a handful of others do, throughout time and space, killing as needed, breeding as necessary. Giving them the release you wish you could achieve. I believe your kind calls it artificial selection.*

At first you're sickened, aftereffects of the old reality. But then you speak, and your voice is calm. "To find someone capable of Ascending beyond us," you say. 

*Precisely. Only they will put an end to our suffering.*

Everyone else has left the transport, but you're still sitting where you were, looking the same, but fundamentally changed, likely forever. You look around, trying to get one last glimpse of the world that was once yours, but its too late. You can no longer see it as it once was. For you, it is already gone. 

*For what it's worth, I'm sorry*


*There they are. Run little insects, run.*

Death looked at the green and blue sphere that was suspended in front of him. He circled it, looking at all the billions of little microscopic creatures. He watched them scurry around, seemingly aimlessly. 

*Their lives have no meaning. I could kill them all, just with one little flick of a finger.*

Death lightly flicked a blue part of the sphere, the blue overtook part of the green. Death watched in sadistic amusement as the little black specs running through the green were washed away. It gave him pleasure, having control over such inferior creatures. 

Excitement bubbled inside him as he reached for a lighter and flicked it on. He gently pressed the lighter against a green area and watched it slowly catch fire. He loved watching the black specs scramble, watch them surround the fire and eventually make is subside. 

Death heard someone coming and quickly hid the sphere under his robe, careful to not kill all of his little science experiments. *Shit, she's coming*

"Death Jr.! Have you been playing with that Earth thing again?" The woman stood in the dark room, her green dress and smooth skin stood out among the solemn decorum. 

"No, ma. I swear I wasn't."

"What's under your robe?" She gestured for him to give up whatever he was holding.

"Ah, ma. I was just having a little fun." Death Jr. handed over the blue and green sphere.

"Look what you've done to the little thing!" She motioned to the charred part, a black scar was left where the lighter had touched. She gently blew toward the scorched piece and it suddenly sprang back to an elegant green. "No more playing for you, Mr." She stomped out of the room, sphere in hang.

*I'll get it back later. After all, killing is my nature. It's just too fun.*


They had made up names for her. "The Grim Reaper" was her favorite; that one came with its own mythology. The story went that when it was a human's time to go, they'd see manifestations of the Reaper, coming to collect their souls and escort them to the afterlife. The black robe and scythe had become very much a part of her iconography, and she had embraced that. In reality, the scythe was the favored weapon of her people, and the black robe just made her feel cool. Humans knew, of course, that it was logically impossible for the Reaper to collect *every* dying human soul, but they ascribed that to the supernatural, something they tended to do with most things they didn't have the capacity to explain.

The truth was that human souls were delicious. The mundanity of the real reason Kat'til was hunting that day was almost funny to her. She spent most of her time on Earth, though occasionally she would share her kill with her brothers and sisters throughout the galaxy.

Tonight, she found herself in a city that humans called Oss-tin. It was  quite a lively city, and it was a night that saw the streets of Oss-tin flooded with people. She scanned the street from atop a roof, assessing the richness of the feast of souls set out before her. Humans were mostly frail, but in large groups, they could wreak havoc on Kat'til. She needed to choose carefully.

A man stumbled out of a bar, filled with the libations that she understood this part of the city was famous for. His aura glowed brightly.

He was ripe.

Kat'til waved a hand in front of her face, transforming what would be a ghastly appearance to any human into a pleasant, charming face. The idea was to lure him into one of Oss-tin's many alleys and side streets, striking him down while he was alone. She jumped down from the roof, landing in the roaring crowd without making a sound.

She marched right up to the man she'd spotted from above, whose hands were on his knees. This one was going to be sick. She moved out of his way just in time to watch him expel the contents of his stomach out onto the street. A hand flew to Kat'til's mouth to keep her from laughing. She reached out to him.

"Let me give you a hand." He looked up at her, immediately taken with her new guise, and slurred some form of assent. Kat'til draped his arm over her shoulder, guiding him to the alley beside the bar he'd just fallen out of. Once she had determined they were sufficiently alone, her disguise dissipated. The man's face went completely white.

"Oh, god. Oh, shit. Is this it?"

Kat'til nodded. "This is it. I can carry a message to your family, if you'd like." She would do no such thing, but it typically calmed down her prey enough to make her job easy.

"Just... just tell my parents I love them, and sorry I'm such a fuck-up..." He let out a choking sob, putting his head in his hands. Kat'til's heart fell. She always felt bad if they started crying. But she had a job to do.

"I'll tell them. Now kneel." The man did as he was told, and Kat'til raised her scythe, bringing it down on the man's neck. No cut was made, though a white mist began to seep from his body. Kat'til opened a pouch she was carrying inside her robe to collect it. The soul was rich in nutrients.

She had done well.


To be a form of death is an art, really. We must take it as one to fully respect and appreciate our position on the spectrum of order and chaos. 

We have several projects on the go, and though it is not as many as some, it simply means we allow more care and dedication to our specific flavour. I like to make dying a process, because I find it makes the life substance so much richer. It becomes stewed and overpowering, leaving you with a bittersweet buzz somewhere between nostalgia and homesickness.

My pet project is a middle aged man with leukemia. Influenced into existence by a lineage of hand picked predecessors, genetically primed over generations of selective breeding to create a nearly perfect balance of health, sickness and hope. We are predicting that his body will almost survive, for his mother was hand picked for her physical willpower and optimistic outlook, which inevitably she passed onto her son. Through the right environmental influence and our delicate hands of manipulation, she found his selected father with minor interruptions. Occasionally we get poachers who try and couple their cheaper humans with ours in the hopes that they will gain the rights to accidental offspring or early harvest life substance, but their techniques of human connective manipulation are usually lackluster and short-lived. Our humans always feel more compelled to follow our richer and more fulfilling influence paths. 

My leukemia patient was also born into a long standing theistic belief program that our cultural team developed in humans some several hundred years before his birth. Our commitment to human creativity means that the moment of death will be imaginative and expectant of something more, leaving you wanting more; satisfied but desiring. 

In the end our product is always the superior on the market. Forty years of carefully planned living, carefully planned environmental conditions, and careful collaboration with outside breeders, all summarised in just one moment of harvest. A moment truly unique,suspended in time, complete and enriching.


Quick comment: First time posting here so sorry if I violated some rule I didn’t know about

“Hi, my name’s death. Nice to meet you.” I saw the businessman in the suit in front of me shiver and hide behind his briefcase. I’d seen his time coming, pathetic human that he was, for a long time now. He’d been my most recent assignment and I always liked to give humans a taste of the world they could not see before they died

My name is death 327. I am one of many deaths living on this little blue rock third from the Sun, just like you. We are a species, you know, just like humans and ants and everything else.

We don’t love a name as vulgar as death, but I suppose with what we do it makes sense. We don’t know where we came from, or how we came about, but we know our purpose: reap the humans. When their time comes we kill them and send them wherever they go next

I saw the businessman before me staring around, startled, and mumbling incoherently. I gave him one last look, and then killed him, like plucking a leaf off of a branch. I watched the color drain from his face as he died, and marked another box off of the clipboard in front of me. That was number 128 today. I walked out the door of his apartment, already drifting to find the next human on my list.


"Death isn't physical though, the child is" Whitaker felt proud debunking this one so fast.

"No, it's the sun the ant needs to destroy. Without it, the child is powerless" Thomas replied, not even looking up from the sparks blazing past his unprotected face.

"So you're an ant trying to take down the sun?" He handed Tom a face plate whilst taking a peak at the workbench.

"I'm none of the players in that little skirmish, but I occasionally let the ants ride shotgun" Tom smirked as he covered his face.

The sentiment wasn't lost on Whitaker. Despite the good humour intended he couldn't help but feel exactly as Tom described, an ant on a car seat. Looking at a device he knew nothing about, let alone begin to repair as Tom was doing, Whitaker suddenly felt the isolation and insignificance of his new life.

"Of course an insect that plays, even a small part, in the destruction of a celestial body would be remembered as a legend" an echoed voice reassuringly mused.

(First post here, on my phone, with too much dialogue. Yay)


They watched as the man woke up, emptied his bladder, made coffee, and scrolled on his phone for ten minutes while the coffee grew cold. They watched as he dressed in clothes he found uncomfortable to go to a job he found distasteful to pay for a life he didn't appreciate. He was swept along in the current, like all humans were, but this one had caught Death's eye.

He liked the coloring on this one's heart. It had that quality that Death found desirable. He baited and waited.

The man sat down in the food court with his usual meal, and ate it with gusto. Though impassioned by his desire to eat, he still paid no mind to the food, and ate it while scrolling through his phone. The man read something upsetting on his phone, and clicked it off with a click of the tongue. He shoved the last bite in his mouth and stood up to go.

Death reeled in and the man fell to the floor, clutching his chest. Several nearby rushed to his side but there was nothing they could do. There was nothing anyone could do once Death had them. Hook, line, and sinker.

"Throw it back," yawned Enlightenment, leaning back in the boat.

"You always throw them back," retorted Death.

"And you always keep them," Enlightenment responded, as he'd done trillions of times.

"What can I say? A man's got to eat."

_Postscript: Went with fishing instead of ants under a microscope, as I recently had a conversation with a friend about how it would feel to be fished out of our life by creatures we don't understand and then thrown back. Hopefully I'm not too late for this prompt so I can get some feedback!_


“You think I’d let you play this stupid game? You think I have the time? The leisure?” Death said, his bones rattling. The black fog that surrounded him sped up slightly in its swirling. He was unimpressed at my suggestion to bargain with him.

I looked around. We stood on a surface of pure white, complete flat and even. Everything seemed to be lit from above but when I looked up, there was no light source in sight. “Is this the afterlife?” I asked.

“No, dummy. This is the dimension of thought. If I explained it to you, your primitive mind wouldn’t understand it anyway. Anyways, I’ll give you a brief rundown. So, you see, your mind exists on a different plane to your body, linked together. But when you die, your body no longer exists, and the link is broken.” Death said, waving his skeleton arms around to demonstrate his point.

Looking back, I thought about death a lot when I was still alive. Maybe there was nothing after death. Maybe there was a heaven, an afterlife. Maybe there was reincarnation. I’ve never expected for there to be a literal Grim Reaper. It just didn’t feel right.

I saw a black speck in the distance behind Death. “What is that?” I said, pointing.

Death turned around, then turned again and ran.

I didn’t. Instead, I walked closer. What if it had answers? Maybe it was the answer. As I approached it I saw it was approaching me too, but faster, magnitudes faster. As it got closer I saw it was a massive black cloud, made out of the substance that surrounded Death, swirling and twisting.

“Hey, um, can you tell me where I am right now?” I said. But the black cloud was unrelenting. As it approached, my thoughts, they… became more and more… incoherent. It was feeding on them.

Blood pumped into my brain, providing it with the jolt it needed. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me, but it wasn’t fast enough.
But I didn’t have legs. They were pulverised in the crash that killed me. My blood would’ve drained out. My brain would’ve been dead. It was hard to remember the circumstances, but I tried anyway. I remembered the car I was driving, its model, what it looked like, how I was sitting in it before the crash.

The imaginations were more vivid in this dimension, I thought, before I realised they became real. I was sitting in the car, driving. As I checked the rear-view mirror, I realised the black cloud was still chasing me, inching closer every second, but the car bought me time to think. I thought about what Death had said. This was my mind, existing in a different plane to my body, which was now gone. As a result, I was the component of my thoughts, and what I was only existed as a figment of my imagination.

I imagined a faster car, but the cloud still chased on, relentless. I imagined a jet, but it still wasn’t fast enough. *Transcendent your human thoughts,* I told myself, *that world doesn’t exist anymore.* And for a while, I was a black cloud, unaffected by the laws of physics, able to go as fast as I pleased. When I looked back, the creature had long disappeared. Changing back into a human – I was more familiar as a human, after all – I walked, only to see the Grim Reaper again.

“What was that… *thing*?” I asked.

“It’s just another mind. Thinking requires energy, you know, so minds devour other minds for energy. With a body, minds are protected so that only the most powerful could imagine feeding on them, and even then, it requires decades to finish the process. You might’ve heard of it as dementia. But once a mind becomes separated from its body, the protection is gone and it becomes vulnerable. That thing must have seen you and thought you’d make an easy prey.”

“As for what that thing was,” He continued, “I don’t know. Does it matter? It could’ve been a bear or an ant or whatever when it was still alive, but now, it’s just a collection of thoughts. It can be whatever it wishes. You know, I’m surprised that you even escaped it, but I’ll tell you what. I need food too, and you won’t escape me.”

“I don’t need to.” I said.

“Oh, what do you mean? You’re still human. You still haven’t figured out what you can be yet. Still a primitive, undeveloped mind, ripe for feasting.” Death said.

“Well, no. Look at you. The Grim Reaper. Still holding on to our culture, still having bones and a cloak. And that sickle too. And you were even human enough for us to have a conversation! If anything, I’d say it’s you who’s ready for feasting.” I said, reforming my body into a shadowy cloud.

“No, don’t you dare. No, you are not doing this.” Death screamed, but it was too late for him. He wasn’t even Death, to be fair, just one of them, and a particularly bad one at that. I absorbed his mind, his soul, his imagination. So much energy.


In all my eras, of all the apprentices I'd ever trained, Pete was the most impatient. His lack of focus made him insightful, and he'd sometimes grow unique and truly beautiful ecologies. More often it brought him terrible difficulties in mastering even the most basic lessons.  

"I keep telling you," I told him, "you're harvesting too early."

"I was just trying to do some pruning," Pete objected, reflexively. "See? I'm still leaving the richest ones to grow ripe. Look at that these guys over here -- they are going to be prime! Better than anyone else's in the whole academy!"

Pete indicated a community of humans that had colonized nearly an entire continent of a small planet he'd been farming. He was correct: The growth on that little patch of planet was exemplary in form and function. Healthy, vibrant, and fecund, it was as fine a specimen as anything I myself had ever grown. 

"Growing a few prime humans, in one continent of one planet, is not the purpose of our academy here, Pete. That's not our goal." I tried to sound compassionate -- or at least not envious. "The purpose is to feed ourselves --- not for one fine feast, but for every day! The goal is to grow enough food that we do not have to hunt.

Pete continued to watch over his little planet, but I felt like he had heard me and was trying to think of what to say next.

"You know Pete, that really is as fine a community of humans as I've ever seen -- here at the academy or out in the wild. I really do not mean to take away from that in any way"

His eyes seemed to brighten, though almost imperceptibly. I continued.

"That continent is as perfect as I've seen, but look at this one -- it's so overgrown with humans that they are all sickly and weak. And then on this continent, so sparsely populated with any life at all, the humans are few, and they are all lead tough and stringy lives. There's no flavor -- no good nutrition in that at all."

I'd lost any of Pete's remaining attention by then though, as I had in so many previous lectures. In the abstract, I'm sure he heard me and knew I was correct, but in the here-and-now, he just couldn't take his attention off of that one beautiful little community he'd grown. All that was left for me to give him another admonishment, which I already knew he wouldn't really hear. 

"You get the most life, and therefore the most food, when there is balance. The way you've been snacking on this continent here and that one there, it's is not healthy for the system as a whole. When there is too much disparity between the weak and the strong in a system, the strong will feed on the weak. When the weak are consumed, the strong then go hungry and grow weak as well."

"Balance is a better way," Pete quoted the academy's ancient founder. "When we control our sustenance, our sustenance does not control us."

But Pete wasn't a farmer. Pete was a hunter -- like the rest of us, despite our cultural evolution and farming academies and all the rest of it. He was a hunter, like me.


They had forgot their own history, he thought. 

It was not long ago that man first evolved on this rock. But they, and every creature like them bred, and multiplied, and multiplied. Some would die when they fell, drowned, starved or were eaten by something bigger. But they would never just , die. The mammalian body is capable of infinite self regeneration. It was evolutions marvel, its masterpiece. Cells could divide, replace old ones and regenerate all but the most severe of trauma's. As long as the creature ate and drank, the process could go on forever. 

This of course had all happened before. Another lifeform, the tree had grown an indigestible bark which no microorganism could metabolize. Dead forests littered the earth, were buried, turned to coal in time but then something discovered a weakness, a chink in the hard armor, just as he had found a way now. 

A fungi had overcame the problem and oh, did it feast for decades. Spreading into every non subterranean dead forest like a swarm. When you are the only thing that can eat a helpless prey, the lack of competition invites you to grow ever more greedy. And he was hungry.

And so the same had came to pass for humans. Their number had spiralled out of control, they were hunting the planet to extinction to feed their own immortality. Until the infection of death came, a bi product of their powerful life force, echoing out into the cosmos, through means they could not comprehend. A beacon for the dark, inviting it in.

 Death was a virus, but not a regular virus. It had permeated space, time and multiplied to fill the void between stars.  Its own sentience grew from its vastness. Like colonies of bacteria who show a greater intelligence than their constituent parts, death had once been a small thing, a footnote of the universe. But it had always fed, and it had always made more of itself. Only its methods had changed as it found new types of life, and new ways to make more of itself. 

It was ethereal, invisible but, it was there. To fuel its own propagation, the death strain needed hosts, just like any other virus, ones it could co-opt to perform its own tasks. So it slipped inside every living organism as it spread to a new part of the galaxy, and discovered how it worked. Some alien life stole energy from their fat, inflated blue giant stars, becoming monstrous and large, living in the clouds of the super Jupiter class planets. Death could syphon these, deflating them slowly like a balloon , taking that converted energy to make more of himself. Larger and smarter with a brain that permeates between the stars themselves. 

Humans were a rare find. Energy converter organisms which predated other life to fuel a type of cell division. Those cells could make more of death at a faster pace than any other encountered life so far. What unique creatures. A new field to grow and harvest and reap. If he had a mouth, it would be salivating at the mere thought of understanding how to take of this ripe crop.

As death infected the first humans he propagated inside them and discovered they were bi gender, male and female, completely different on the inside. He would be able to infect them before they were even born for every female he inhabited. He made their first cells replicate for him. 

What a mistake this was , every cell atrophied in seconds as the burden of producing so many took its toll . It was horrific to watch for their children as their mother grew aged , crooked and silver haired. That silver hair, no other human had ever became old, they did not know what was happening only that their parents were in terrible agony. They did not know they were fuelling a being larger and more terrible than their tiny brains could ever fantasize of its existence. 

As their parents withered and died in seconds, death understood how this new, powerful process worked. He could spread himself thin. Infect every living human, and every new human growing in the womb. He could slowly sap their cell function and he estimated that none would survive this beyond 120 years due to shortening of vital telomere's, which protected their immortal DNA. Every ethereal death cell caused these to wear down. The impact of this would affect humans differently and many would not survive harsh environments with which once they could exist in easily. The world had become a darker, more dangerous place for the humans. 

That was the plan, but he found he could not stick to it. The rate these humans were making more of him, it was insatiable and had awoken something even darker within himself, a lust for more and more. He decimated the population, rapidly aging every human he could encounter. In mere minutes the human race went nearly extinct. And death did something he has not done since, moving most of his physical being to encase the planet. The sheer concentration of his cells destroyed the biosphere and upset natures delicate balance, plunging it into an eternal cold age of ice. 

What humans did survive the reaping were faced with a bleak, frozen landscape. Thousands more died from exposure. This pained death greatly. What missed opportunity. So much more of death could now no longer be created. This must stop. He had to regain control of himself. He stuck to the plan. 

And so it was that every human slowly died. But none could remember a time when they did not. Stories of ancient humans grew into mere myth, passed down as tales to the next generation. As death slowly consumed the older humans. For ever more fuelling him, making him stronger and smarter.

The child of the first mother however, didn't know any of this of course. Only that something terrible had happened . The child had friends who's great, great grandparents had been eaten or killed, but most children got to spend thousands of years with their parents before accidents could claim them. So they simply clutched the withered, desiccated corpse and cried her name. "Eve".


The young boy took the little toy truck and rammed it into another. 
"Boom!" he screamed in his childlike excitement. 
He then walked over to his anatomical toys. He took, ever so slightly, a piece of plaque to continue an ever-so-slow process of plaque accumulation. His model here was on his way to heart disease, but he had another 10 years at this rate. 
Bored, he took an action figure and another.
"Pow!" he exclaimed, as one figure bent over in pain, being shot by the other. 
The young boy was just one of many of Death's children. You could say there were thousands. Though time is of no issue, it would take too long to get to everyone to die for just one person. And it was a lot harder now to go about things, being exiled and all. Oh, it's been thousands of years to be sure, so it's not like Death hasn't coped by now with the loss, but just don't mention it in front of him.


Some of us had it closer than we'd liked to imagine, some of us less so.

Throughout the world and its history, our fascination with the concept of the fourth horseman, poised atop his pale horse, never ceased. It branched out, twisting and turning into so many different variations of the simple truth, that death was an entity, an entity at the end of the line.

Some cultures thought it was a new beginning, while others thought it was the gateway to our final judgement, or retribution.

There we those of us that were called "skeptics", who were simply believed to sit upon their throne of logic and denote that there was nothing after it had come to claim us. That the world transpires into darkness and our tiny blimp in the vast cosmos has come to an end. These people, are closer to the truth than they may think, yet so far away from the horror at which they stare upon.

Death is an entity, a force more true than gravity, a being more elusive than comprehensible. A concept that exists as a contradiction to itself, for it can only exist if there is life, but when it does, it is remorseless. It cannot be bargained with, it cannot be reasoned with, it simply comes to claim that which is its due.

It has always existed, adrift in the universe, asleep, present in all things, yet continuing through life as if unaware. Yet, then it saw it, life, an oddity which contradicted all that it was, and perhaps, all that it wished to be. And so from this blackhole, death came to be, became conscious and traveled across the galaxies to devour all that was life. Perhaps it consumed because it saw life as an error, as something that could not be allowed, or perhaps it hoped, that it could one day be like us.


The artist spent eternity examining their latest creation. 

To human eyes, it would look like a small glass case, nine inches wide and six inches high. The left half of the case was plain black, with tiny shimmering lights. Halfway through, there was a ribbon of color, with another black expanse to the right. Near the end, the color crescendoed to a rainbow, filling the rightmost inch of the case with color from top to bottom.

The artist’s eyes were experienced. They altered the position of a molecule on the left side of the case, and the rightmost inch became streaked in black.

Time was a human word for cause and effect. When you had only the small view, you need words like second, minute, hour. When you watch from the outside, you can just point to the spot in the case.

The artist took a deep dive, zooming in. 

Inside a house inside a ribbon, a woman sketched plans. Her day job was nothing, something to pay the bills while she worked out her true passions. She wanted to push humanity to the stars, and had the brains to do it within her own lifetime. 

The artist’s eyes were expert. They altered the position of atoms centuries in the past, and a tiny hole appears in Earth’s atmosphere, in just the right position to let a little more radiation pass.

The ribbon thins to a hair’s length.

The artist glanced at the remainder of the Earth, a moment of time for one to which time meant nothing. They saw skeletons in robes, jackal-headed humans, men crossing rivers. How cute. They made art for the artist.

The artist’s eyes were open. He returned to the outside view, and with a few tiny alterations, his hard work was undone, and the right three inches of the case burst with color.

They set the case to the side with the others. They too, were full of life. Every time, he sought to create a clear, empty piece, devastating in simplicity. Every time, he grew attached.

He picked up a fresh container, and began again.
______________________________________________________
18/365. Constructive criticism welcome and appreciated.


It was dusk and Tornnus, son of the fire, was hammering the searing steel into a knife. He needed it urgently as the night before he had lost his somewhere between countless beers, ales and songs. His sturdy, soot-covered hands were trembling due to the abstinence and he couldn't quite spot when was the last time he had been sober at this time of the day.

But he knew very well that the knife was a matter of life and death.

He didn't dare to look downwards where his long, braided and ginger beard rested. He felt heretic and dirty inside. He could feel those rioting hairs pricking against his chest, dishonoring their ancient culture. A culture which condemned those whose beards weren't immaculate. 

He had to cut them off. Otherwise, he couldn't leave his forge which meant no alcohol, which meant betraying his kind.

The night fell and the tender red of his forge and crucible tinged his gloom smithy. Tornnus sat on a chair which creaked for his life, fidgeting as he gazed, unblinking, towards his iron table where the boiling knife rested. He cursed under his breath, for he had forgotten to fill his slack tub with cold water.

Hours had passed and the knife remained the same, strange thoughts wandered across Tornnus' mind. Could he risk ruining his beard using the knife as it was? The answer was a resounding negative. He felt caged and claustrophobic, his bloated skin was dry begging for the holy ichor to feed his veins. What could he possibly do?

A not so deranged idea crossed his mind, removing the insurgent hairs with his bare hands. But it faded into forgetfulness once his eyes met the mess of grease and soot that he called hands. Tornnus took a deep breath and stared downwards to properly assess the chaos. 

He fainted after witnessing stains of soot impregnated on his beard, dulling its usual brightness and hiding its fiery red. If only he had remembered to fill some buckets with water, this would have never happened.

His black eyes shot open at the booming noise of fists stomping his oak door. Daylight seeped through the crevasses of his dry stone walls. How long did he lay unconscious? His lips were shattered, his beard disturbed by various dirty enemies yet Tornnus wasn't worried about that anymore.

"I'm sleeping you bastards! I will open in two hours," he yelled and the noise stopped.

Tornnus examined the knife, strangely he remembered everything that had happened the day before. Was he enchanted? What was this witchcraft? He almost bolted out the room to seek for Muradain's blessing, he needed answers, his brain felt overwhelmed yet relaxed by the memories. He had never felt so good in his life.

Tornnus was torn between two conjectures. If a dwarf stains his beard, then he's granted the power of memory by other forcers, was the first one. The other one was simply that Alcohol was a mind wiper in disguise. He felt a shiver crawling up his legs, both of these ideas defied his beliefs.

But he was going to test them.

He waited for the dusk⸺when all the dwarves went to the inns or stayed at their homes drinking beer⸺to fall and left his smithy to seek some water. The dwarves that still roamed the streets cursed at him, some even defied him to a duel for his honor but Tornnus ignored them all. He simply filled some buckets with water and brought them back to his smithy, where he cut, cleaned and perfected his beard.

The next morning, he remembered everything with unbelievable clarity. His beard was immaculate, so it had to be the alcohol. With his chest high he sought for those who defied and cursed at him the night before. He found them smiling and claiming that they didn't remember doing such a thing.

Tornnus' discovery could've changed the beliefs of his people but, like a proper dwarf, he said nothing and went to get some beer and ale.

--------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall


As Tutrig awoke,    
He first thought it a joke,      
That the night before was so clear.      
But with a cold creeping sweat,      
He did recollect,       
How the Dwarves had rung in New Year.      

Satmoc Minebane,       
Had drunk all the champagne,      
And went streaking down through the hall.       
Yolack thought it a lass,      
Complimented that ass,       
But got more than he bargained for.      

As for Sanmolda,       
She lowered her shoulders,       
As she watched her husband be kissed.      
Although a mistake,      
His trousers did quake,       
Satmoc had stolen her bliss.    

With swift resolution,        
She found a solution,      
As she sharpened the blade of her axe.       
First she did trim,       
But her hair was still grim,      
So for the first time, a dwarf did wax.     

When Yolack saw her,      
He said 'wife I adore ya,      
I forgot 'bout the goods under there.'      
But Sanmolda did scolder,    
Shoved him up by a boulder,      
Said 'I'm more than what's under my hair!'

'Lover forgive me,      
I know I'm no Gimli,      
I'm begging you please take me back.'    
'Only if you do the same...       
If you can handle the pain,       
Of waxing each crevis and crack.'      

Tutrig remembered,      
The tears that descended,      
The face of a man full of fear.       
He reached for a bottle,       
His memory he'd throttle,     
Of another damned Dwarven New Year.


"Ye've got to talk some sense into him," said Auntie Arm-n'-Hammer. "Och, it's just not right!"

"Fine." Papa BlackPorter finished his stout and wiped the creamy head from his mustache and beard. "But ye've got to work the bellows in my place until I'm back!"

Papa BlackPorter climbed up the long, long, long staircase to the stone gate. He hefted the gate with all his might; the gate to the surface was not meant to be opened and closed very often and resisted his efforts to leave the mountain. He blinked in the sunlight and wondered how his son could tolerate the surface.

The last time Papa BlackPorter had seen his son DeepStone, the young dwarf had set up a tent just outside the gate. The tent was gone. Papa BlackPorter spun slowly and examined his blurry surroundings. Dwarven eyes can focus finely on objects up-close, but rarely have reason to focus on objects in the distance; he really had to strain his vision to sight a tall, tall, tall stone tower a mile up the mountain.

He hiked to it and ran his hands over the tower's walls. The workmanship of the masonry was as good as DeepStone's fingerprint to the experienced Papa BlackPorter. "Come out, son, I know yer in there! It's not right, leavin' the mountain and buildin' towers! It's not the dwarven way!"

When he heard no answer, Papa BlackPorter circled the tower looking for an entrance. He found none; DeepStone had built the tower around himself from the inside. Papa BlackPorter took his trusty pickaxe from his belt and tunneled through the tower wall. 

Inside the tower there was a staircase. Papa BlackPorter sighed as he climbed. Dwarves should never be so near the sky!

At the tower's ceiling there was a wooden hatch. Papa BlackPorter opened it and saw his son DeepStone sitting on the tower's ceiling's center. "Come down, son, yer gonna get sky-poisoning up here!"

DeepStone was unnaturally tanned by the sun. He wore black goggles to protect his eyes from alchemy ingredients arranged before him. He watched a Bunsen burner boil brown sludge in a glass flask as he powdered pebbles with a pestle. 

Papa BlackPorter approached with a canteen of emergency alcohol. "Son, how long has it been since yer last drink?"

"I drink pure water, now, father. I pull it from the air." 

"I mean a stiff drink, lad."

"Not since I left the underground."

Papa BlackPorter opened the canteen and put it under his son's beard. The canteen's contents were strong enough to made DeepStone's mustache curl. "Drink, son. Please."

"Do you wonder why there aren't any dwarven wizards?" asked DeepStone. His father had no answer. "It's because we don't apply ourselves."

"Yer not talkin' right."

"Father, look."

DeepStone put down his pestle and donned a thick glove. With the glove, he turned off the Bunsen burner and tilted the glass flask of boiled brown sludge. He poured the sludge through a screen. 

On the screen remained flecks of blue metal. Papa BlackPorter covered his mouth. "Is that---"

"Mythril," said DeepStone. "Material of Elven Magicians."

"Did you---" Papa BlackPorter squinted at the blue flecks. "Did you make this with magic?"

"Dwarven magic. Alchemy. It's not flashy stage-show magic, but I figure it oughta take the Elves down a peg or two."

"Aw, that's my boy!" Papa BlackPorter hugged his son close. "I can't claim to understand ye, but I approve of yer alternative lifestyle!"


Oh how much the world can change in just half a year. The great kingdoms of mankind reduced to quarries for the Dwarves to build their fortresses, the sacred groves and forests of the Elves nothing more than kindling for dwarven forges. 
Noone knew just how it had begun, how this could have happened. Countless tongues cried out to their gods and heard no answer, scholars buried themselves into fruitless discussions, one more outlandish than the other... and the Dwarves conquered. More and more and more, with unending vigor and hunger for victory.  
  
  
Thrrustan, 'The Ascended', still lead them onwards with a triumphant grin on his face. He had been the first. The first to ascend. To become more. To realize the full potential of dwarvenkind. Whatever he had done to his people: They had changed, for better and for worse all at once. The differences had been subtle at first, unnoticable to an outsider, but they had spread through dwarven society like a wildfire.
Their charming mumbling had disappeared - now, dwarven mouths everywhere gave orders in a cold, harsh language and with painfully precise pronunciation. 
Their were faster than ever before, scaling buildings and crossing plains with equal ease as if something had set free even more power  in their stout physique. They were tireless now, their cities brimming with the sounds of forges and soldier's boots day and night without pause, as if they had lost all need of sleep.  
  
  
They were merciful overlords. A year or two passed and the reckless conquerers settled down again, ruling over their realm from sea to sea, undisputed and terrifying in their might. But all was not bad for elves and humans: The far-famed dwarven ale was generously distributed among their long-legged subjects and gave them something to look forward to after a hard day's work while their overlords feasted on whatever game they desired - and paired it with the only drink reserved for their noble palates: Pure dwarven spring water from their old home underground.


Dolkohm crouched on the gutter of the village inn's roof, standing perfectly illuminated by the inn-keeper's window. Many humans gave him a strange look as they passed by, but they were not his business tonight.

There, across the street a dwarf named Branren exited the local dwarvish pub, briefly letting out a cacophony of roaring debauchery and indulgence. Dolkohm's eyes narrowed. The stocky, young dwarf stumbled towards the alley he overlooked. He had chosen his post at the darkest nearby alley wisely, for any normal dwarf would find light abhorrent.

Dolkohm was no normal dwarf.

He crept from window to window, staying illuminated as to avoid detection. Branren was mumbling a bar song about rubies and sapphires and tits as he undid his pants and began to piss on the inn's wall. Dolkohm had made this mistake before. He would wait until the ale-drowned dwarf was finished, lest he whirl about in surprise.

And finish he did, with an unnecessarily loud and contented grunt. He was just buttoning up his trousers when Dolkohm landed behind him with a deep thud. When Branren turned he was greeted with a polished steel goblin mask.

"Branren"

The sodden dwarf turned to run but quickly stumbled and fell on the garbage strewn through the alley. He turned and gasped in horror as Dolkohm deftly avoided the trash. His swift and accurate movements did not match his dwarvish physique.

"Woh-wot do yur want mate?"

"Vengeance"

Branren threw some punches, but Dolkohm merely stepped out of the way. In between the drunk dwarf's lunges, Dolkohm jabbed at his sides until the inflictions caught up with Branren and he flopped onto his arse; breathing too hard for a 20 second fight.

"I tain't done nothin' mate. Yur got the wrong dwarf."

"Last night outside that very pub, you nearly took the eye of Grenmund Flintsbane because he picked up a copper that you swore you 'saw first'. Am I wrong?"

"Moradin's hairy arse", Branren whispered "Yur a dwarf tain'tya? Too strong for a goblin. And too tall. 'Tah sins of tonight are tah songs of t'morrow'? Umm... 'Ifa yur can drown a fight inna pint, it musta not beena strong swimmer'?!" Dolkohm stepped closer. "Ugh, ana... 'an eye for an ale'?"

"It's an eye for an eye." Dolkohm drew a thin dagger and knelt to Branren's level.

"Mate I don't ev'n member that. Neither does Gren! We were just sharin a pint! I asked him bout his eye n' he laughed n' said he didn' hava clue!" Dolkohm gripped the desperate dwarf's throat as he brought the dagger close.

"You do not receive absolution from drowning your crimes in ale, creten" He gripped harder as he lined up the dagger. "Dwarf violence will never stop if there is no punishment. Since there are never any witnesses, punishment must be doled out passively, in the shadows."

Branren was blubbering, "B-b-buh, but."

"Relax," Dolkohm gave a twisted smile, "tomorrow you won't even remember this."


Urist was startled awake by the sounds of screams from outside his room, mercifully dampened by distance and the heavy wooden door that lead into the living quarters passageway.  He grimaced anyway, somehow aware he was on the verge of a splitting headache that would make itself known at the slightest provocation.

The booze had ran out yesterday, and already the fort was in disarray.  The usual sounds of the fort were deafeningly absent - the throng of metalworking, the chipping of the stonecarver, thwacking of the butcher, the constant hum of conversation and song - all replaced with moaning, crying, and the occasional pained or angered scream.

He decided his best course of action was to stay in bed.  Outside it he never quite lost the sense of chill this place had - knowing he was only a dozen blocks away from the largest ice sheet he had ever seen somehow dampened the heat of any fire and the comfort of his furred clothes - but here in his warm bed, in the stupor of sleepiness, he clung to the only real sense of true warmth he could remember since he arrived here.

"*An exotic home under the ice*" they said.  "*A chance at a fresh start*" they said.  "*You'll find riches in the untouched Earth*" they said.

Instead all they found was granite, basalt, and a few meagre streaks of coal and hematite, under more ice than he thought existed in the world.  Where were the magma tubes the geologists promised to help turn their cold little hole in the ground into a cosy home?  Where was the underground lake they were so sure must be under such a thick layer of ice?  How could there not be a living underworld here, caves of edible creatures and plants that they believed underlaid the whole world?  They seemed to stretch on forever in the depths under his old mountainhome, but here in this Armokforsaken place they'd found nothing but ice and an endless sea of rock.

Urist wasn't used to such thoughts.  He was used to just getting on with things, the realities of his harsh life fading away into the usual fuzz of routine.  Whenever he felt the cold fist of reality closing in there was always a barrel of dwarven ale or river spirits from the supplies to ease his mind.  How bad could it be, really, with a belly full of ale?

There was shouting now.  Accusing sounds, angry.  Then, louder, the distinctive voice of Mayor Amkin.  It was getting closer.  Urist could pick out some of the words now, a rambling tirade about how none of this was his fault emerging from the cacophony.

His head started to throb.  The ache in his gut grew.  Dwarves weren't meant to feel this way, to worry about their lot in life, to bicker and fight when they could be working towards their future, to feel the sheer existential dread of knowing they were trapped in a harsh world full of horrors both mundane and miraculous.

They were just meant to drink and *get on with it*.

The shouting reached a crescendo, and was suddenly replaced by a blood-curdling, gargling scream.  Then abrupt, unnatural silence.

Urist held his breath and pulled the covers closer.  It's warm here, he thought.  At least it was warm.


"Magni, I think I'm on to something." said Wendel.

"And what is that?" replied Magni.

"Now hear me out, if you don't drink any alcohol the night bef--"

"Not drink any alcohol!?"

"Right, listen. You know how you can remember what you did this morning, aye?"

"Well, of course I can!"

"Of course. But, I think if you were not to drink the night before you could remember what you did last night all the same."

"Remember the night before? Aw, and who's got a brain like that?"

"See, I think we all do. And I think if we didn't drink for a weeks time we could remember the whole damn thing."

"A WEEK? You must have been drinking today!"

"Yeah, this morning I was."

"And how much was that?"

"I can't remember."

"I'll have a pint to that!"


“So what happened last night?”  
  
The question snapped him out of his racing thoughts, the elation that he can basically construct reality as he sees fit within the Dwarven community still fresh in his body.  
  
“You lost a buncha’ gold betting on fights, Orwin, you shit gambler.”  
  
That was not entirely true, but only he knew what really happened. He still could taste the anxiety as he feigned intoxication the previous evening while convincing Orwin to lend a portion of his fortune he was comfortable parting with instead of wasting it on bets to the underdog. When Orwin actually agreed he didn’t immediately decide to just pocket the gold - at first he was hoping to hold it until the following morning.  
  
But as morning rolled around and the realization of what it actually means to remember last night hit him he began to restructure his thoughts.  
  
Tonight was around the corner and he had a story to work on.


Dwarves drink. It's what they do, they've always done it, and it's their destiny to continue doing so. But because of the endless drinking, dwarf history has been lost. 

Asbjørn is a quite normal dwarf. He loved drinking, he loved play fighting, and he loved hanging out with his friends. Usually he's up by 8, going right out to drink and eat with all his friends. 
But today is not usually, he wakes up, and looks at the clockwork hanging on the wall. It's already 3 in the afternoon "I must have been drinking a lot yesterday." Asbjørn thinks to himself. 

He walks out and buys some bread to eat, then he goes straight home with a horrific hangover. He goes to bed.

Waking up he doesn't have a headache, but he's not drunk, a state he has never been in before. "This is weird." Asbjørn thinks aloud. 

He walks out in the open, it looks to be evening, and everyone is so drunk that they have a hard time walking. Asbørn marches across the street, happier than ever. He feels light, and he never wants it to stop. So he decides to stop drinking alcohol.

When Asbjørn awakes next morning, he's surprised. He can actually remember what has happened. He can remember what happened last night. He immediately runs up to the king, first excusing that he didn't work yesterday, then telling the king about his new discovery. 

The king isn't pleased, he sips from his wine glass, and puts his weight forward to face Asbjørn. "We will keep drinking!" He says," and I'll never command my people to stop drinking, it will be their own choice." 

So the next day Asbjørn wakes early to make sure he can find his friends before they start drinking. He's lucky, he sees them right before they walk into a pub. He tells them about his discoveries, but they laugh at him too.

Seems like Asbjørn has to work harder if he wants the dwarves to stop.

(English is not my first language, please tell me if there's anything that needs fixing.)


Libash was fishing. He loved to fish, even if other dwarfs would make fun of him for it. In the dwarven society many jobs were considered useless, but fishering work was considered one of the most. At least he did his job well, purging the life out of lakes and rivers in moments. He was able to feed the fortress for centuries, wat would be somewhat valuable if the food stockpiles weren't overflowing by the others crafts already. 

 But he did his job well, "better than the miners that dig so narrow passages; better than the oversser that designed so much many curves and long corridors in the fortress entrance, making the way down the fortress way longer than necessarie; better than the novice armosmith that was crafting such a poor armor that would make fighter prefer go to battle armorless; better than... oh, the pond is dead, my job here is finished". 

Libash went directly to the entrance door, "let the haulers take care of the fish, I doubt there is barrels to spare storing it, it will rot as alwa..." pwe, the arrow went right by his head, he went runing to the door that was now locked. "fuckers let me outside to die" Libash knew that storie well. When a siege aprachs the overseer will make enormous effort to save the brewer, the metalsmith and even the engraver, but did less than look for the fisherdwarf that acctualy had a reason to be outside, even if there is enough time to let him in. He knew better than bash the door and wait for a response, he bolted right for the pond, the animals would distract the invaders and give him enough time to... drink, Libash was tirstie as hell, with no acess to booze he was subject to one more humiliation: to drink water out of the pond. At least it motivate him "I can not die know, water shall not be my last drink" and he drank, and drank and hided and waited. The goblins was now exchanging arrows for bolts with the dwarfs in the towers, the dogs were set loose and were made food for the beak dogs, are newly formed squad was heading outside of the doors, underequipeds and ready to die, "only a distraction" he knew, even if one soldier managed to survive the goblins, nothing would escape the warm bath. And it came, glowing, fast, under the pressure of the most experients pump operators, the gods piss killed everyone and destroyed everything except for the valuable metal armor. And it was done. The siege ended, he could only wait, wait for the magma to evaporate to gain acess to the underworld. It took more water and many raw fishes before he could entry the earth. 

to be continued


You've heard somewhere tha' war is hell, have yeh? Well, there ain't no hell even a *mite* closer to finding out you've survived one on the losing side... Aye, you'd rather endure a thousand hells before waking up under an oppressive, open sky.

Oh, we had warning alright. Not a soul passes above or below The Prominence without our knowin'. Yet we laughed, we drank, we buggered, and we laughed some more. It had been near o'er a thousand generations since we'd been at war, and we went on happily forgotten by the surface-dwelling fools who slake their thirst on upon the blood of decimated species weaker than them.

But we are Dwarves! Civilized, cultured, and long-lived! We have nary a care in the world so long as we leave the surface-wilds to it's primitive savages. The same savages that thought their sticks and leathers were brilliant inventions, and tools of power. The same savages who delight and die under the unrelenting gaze of Sul above them.

The same savages that opened our mountain, and allowed the Eye of Sul to see our home for the first time in all its history.

The Kingdom of Man came. 

They were different, in a fashion. Their lust for destruction still present, but more dangerous than we'd ever dreamed. They wore strange finery, and held even stranger devices. They brought forth their massive engines and iron claws attached. They brought their giant metal beasts that roared louder than ten Tir-Tolan Deepstalkers and rode them from the inside, soaring 'round and 'round.

The savages drilled straight into The Pillar of Strength, and in the blink of an eye, Ümsterholm had collapsed under its own weight.

We were at war for less than one hundred steady breaths before it was over. Somehow, I survived.

Somehow, I *remembered.*

Edit: Never tried one of these before. Sorry if it's shit:x


The wind cracked and howled as it whipped about the smooth clearing. Skies of a deep blue-grey loomed in the distance, contrasting sharply with the bright green and dark greys of the grass and stones. All around the clearing, the world fell off, except to the north and south, where massive, moss and grass-painted mountain peaks rose into the whirling grey skies. Within the clearing itself, rounded huts of mortarless grey stone faced inward from the perimeter. The hundreds of stones were fitted together neatly, each stone resting on another, so that the whole structure held itself in place with no fastenings.

Raghare stood outside one of the huts, alone in the howling wind heralding the coming of a mighty highland storm. His deep brown cloak of bear-fur fluttered and whipped at the edges, keeping him dry from the light sprinkling that had taken to the air. He breathed in heavily, taking in the cold freshness of the damp air, the scent of metal and earth and thunder. None of the other had awoken yet. It was not the dwarf way to wake before the sun hits its zenith. Reghare thought back to the stories of his youth, that told that the Earth-mother was jealous of her children, and ordered them only to walk the face of the Earth when the Sun-father was walking away and wouldn’t see them. He smiled. Those stories had always made so much sense to him. Until now, he had not seen the strangeness of it all.

He had been awake since a little after the sun took to the sky. The sharpness of the damp wind had brought him to life out of his sleep, and to what life it had brought him. While his warriors slept, the Redwood King had awoken to a world of strange clarity. A world that seemed to call him to memories of his childhood with every sound and scent and sight. At first he had thought himself dreaming, but he had come to see that he was not. He was very much awake. He had taken to his post outside the Auldhouse and drifted to thought of the coming day. Perhaps his clarity was a blessing from Frig, for his sacrifice. He had, the night before, not taken any of the ale, and left his portion to his warriors. It was in times of danger and strife that a king’s metal* is truly tested, and Raghare meant to test well.

A boom of thunder rolled across the horizon, carrying the trumpet call of Zoruthane’s lightning across the highlands. With it, the Uiace began. Groans rumbled from within the ancient stonework auldhouses, and dwarfs of every race and creed began to tumble out from behind the curtains in the doorways. Some held their heads, while others found private places to pay Grundir’s Price, hunched over and heaving from the ale and whiskey. Raghare watched with fascination. He had never seen a Uiace from without. Not since he was a child, that is. It was a miserable sight. The pain was palpable. 

From within the auldhouse beside him, his own warriors moaned and tumbled about, muttering for water, or curses on Grundir’s greed, though these were always retracted with a muttering of thanks immediately afterward. A hand, clad in the leather-coated mail of the Kigoak dwarves, pushed aside the curtain and braced itself against the stones of the doorway. The wetted slabs maintained their grip in the rain from their rough-hewn, sharp edges, and the dwarf within propelled himself out into the sharp wind and drizzle, under a sky ever darkening to a deep grey.
He paid the price, and looked up into the Uiace, eyes squinted and red. He turned to his king, stoic and steady in the twisting currents of air, only his bear-fur cloak moved by the sharp flurries, and stumbled to his feet.

“Ahhhh...pfft,” he spit.

“You’re….are you well, chieftain?” The umber-bearded dwarf stumbled a little, but caught himself before he totally tumbled over. 

“I am spectacular, Addu!” Raghare boomed, and laughed aloud. Groans came from the surrounding dwarves like a tuning orchestra. 

“Ah, right, chief.” Addu covered his head with his hands and grimaced, “I’ll get the water started, then.” He stumbled off in the direction of the mountain springs on the edge of the cliffs. 

Raghare heaved his mighty Daneaxe onto his shoulder, and began to walk around the clearing. More and more dwarves began to make their way out of the auldhouses. A particular tribe had chosen a house each, as was the ancient tradition in grand moots. These same auldhouses had been used by kings and high chieftains of all dwarf kind for generations, gathering in times of great peril to dwarf-kind. In most cases, the leaders grumble and bicker for hours, until they break for dinner and return drunker, happier, and able to settle a deal. The next day is always spent ratifying the details, which results in the most bitter of arguments, and at times brawls, as most of the leaders have no recollection of much of the proceedings of the previous night. Votes are cast by the council at large, and whether or not the deal was actually made the night before, or if it was not and the claimant is mistaken, is determined by the moot as a whole. Once a working treaty is found, the leaders again break for dinner, and return to sign the treaty into law blessed by Grundir.

This time was different, however. Grumpy, irritable dwarves gulped huge swigs of spring-water, washing down lard and bread, the traditional dwarf Uiace meal. They were quieter than usual. The endless wars that each of the tribes had faced from enemies on all sides had left the dwarvish peoples desperate, hungry, and exhausted. Ale stores had run dangerously low, and the ancient rites and rituals of Raghare’s people seemed doomed to go unperformed for the first time in known history. Perhaps it was in his time of greatest need that Frigg had chosen to bless Raghare. Perhaps this moot was of great significance even to the gods themselves. 

Raghare returned to his auldhouse, where he greeted his warriors. They prepared for the council meeting, where the very future of dwarfkind might be determined. There was only one more night's worth of ale on the mountain, and all the warriors and kings knew it. Tensions were high. Dwarves are irritable enough as is, but with no promise of the solace of Grundir’s Gift, most dwarves were already well beyond the point of reason. Raghare helped his warriors pack their gear, clean the auldhouse, perform the rites and rituals of Frig and Zoruthane, and to their own god, Ordor the Bear-king. An hour or more passed, and the camp grew quiet with expectation and tension. A metallic booming from outside the auldhouse rang across the clearing. Raghare picked up his mighty axe and hoisted it on his shoulder.

*it's an intentional misspelling. Dwarves believe their blood to be infused with metal, and to "test their metal" is to prove their dwarfishness.


Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68gmiy/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_2/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68ho7c/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_3/) | [Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68jcry/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_4/)

---

The first to come were the ones that wanted our fire. They came from a sinkhole in the ocean that our scientists determined to be a mechanism much like a wormhole. Then came the ones that wanted our Earth. They crashed into our planet on a thousand meteorite-like vehicles made of a substance unknown to our universe. And at last, the ones who wanted our air and the ones who wanted our water. They came together from portals that eviscerated our poles. One for the south pole, the other for the north. Each had accomplished feats that had left our scientists baffled. And what was even more troubling--they all resembled humans.

We had tried greeting the ones who wanted our fire. We had sent them presents, precious metals, and the welcoming smile of our most expert convoys. They retaliated with a tsunami that wiped out Japan. It was magic, real magic. Something we had previously thought only existed in Hollywood and cartoons. With a few incantations, they could manipulate the water, the earth, even the air that we breathed. But they could not touch fire. So we gave them what they wanted. Napalm, incendiary bombs, hellfire missiles. They wanted our fire so bad? I hoped they like our gifts.

Things were desperate but humanity was always at its best when pushed to the edge. Then came the Earth-Takers. At first, we had thought they were here to aid us in the invasion. They seemed enemies to the Fire-Takers and as the old saying goes--*the enemy of my enemy...* But though they were quick to attack each other, they were even quicker to attack us. These new aliens, they wanted our earth. So we gave it to those bastards with steel-tipped bullets, titanium-plated tanks, and a kinetic bombardment of tungsten launched from our satellites.

By the times the portals opened in the north and south poles, we already knew what to do.

These aliens looked like us but that was where the similarities ended. Everything they had ever wanted they had accomplished through magic. What would've taken humans years to do, they could simply chant and incantation to do so.

Thank God we never fell into the folly of magic. They have no idea what it means to move mountains by hand, to  conquer the skies armed only with dirt and stone, to create the greatest weapons in our known universe because we were pushed that far into the corner. Aliens this weak would never snuff out humanity.

That I promise you.

---

Michelle's pen stopped at the period. The walls around her shook. Bits of dirt crumbled from the ceiling onto her desk. The lights swayed, dancing the shadows around her. She had spent all night on this letter. It was the last one she would ever write and the first aimed at humanity's next generation, the generation of soldiers who had never experienced an alien free Earth.

"Michelle," came a voice from behind.

She turned to see her First General, Paxon, his feet together, shoulders stiff, and arms held to his head in salute. They had started the Resistance together when the governments crumbled and countries fell. At first, it had simply been a way to quell their anger as the other aliens fought for lands rightfully theirs.

Blow a hole in a supply chain. Sabotage key communications. Small-scale things. But just as the aliens had done, she had underestimated humanity's grit. A million calls, e-mails, texts flooded her servers and as she strung them all together, the Resistance was born.

"At ease, General," she said.

Paxon lowered his arm. "Commander Gladstead, the Earth-Takers are approaching from the North in war balloons. Initial scouts report a tornado of fire dragged behind them."

Michelle smiled at her friend. "*At ease*," she said. "Commander Gladstead? You sound like a grunt." She had always hated that title--commander. In a previous life, she was a pre-school teacher and now, men of the highest positions of power all reported to her.

Her friend's shoulder dropped. "As you command, Michelle." But this he said with a crescent grin. He knew how power annoyed her.

She ignored his smile. "How are we holding up against the Fire-Takers?"

"Still at a stale-mate, but not for long. We're almost out of missiles and our soldiers on the ground are being swallowed by the Earth itself."

Michelle nodded. Not good news, but good enough. "And at our East and West?"

"The others are approaching. Their scouts are already here with their armies soon to follow."

She chuckled. Victory was always so bittersweet. "Paxon," she said, "get out of here. Tell everyone not in combat to do the same."

He didn't move. He pressed his lips together and stared at Michelle, humanity's commander, the last bastion of their old world, his friend. "Come with me," he said, pleaded.

"We don't fool magic," Michelle said, a grin parting between her lips. "They all came knowing full well that this is a trap and that's because the bait is just too good to pass off. Look at that, Michelle from podunk Oshkosh, Wisconsin, the greatest military asset in the world. Not bad, eh?"

Paxon coughed out a chuckle. He took a small breath and gritted his teeth. "Commander, it's been an honor."

"Don't worry, General, I'll show them just how high the price is for the Resistance Commander."

"Yes ma'am." The general straightened up, every one of his muscles stiff. He jabbed his forehead with his hand and returned Michelle the sharpest salute she had ever seen. Without another word, he left.

"Give 'em hell, General," Michelle whispered to the back of his head. She watched even as he turned the corner and disappeared into the underground corridors of their bunker. 

Drops of water followed him out.

The ground shook again. Another aftershock, another earthquake. Michelle stared at her letter. She nodded and put pen to paper.

---

We are about to unleash the deadliest weapon humanity has ever conceived. We call it the hydrogen bomb. It is the combination of every single one of our elemental powers. The blast will consume their armies and leave their bases defenseless and when that happens, I have a single selfish request. Take everything from them. Go through their portals, their sinkholes, their spaceships and show them the true horrors of the war they have bestowed upon us.

Long live humanity, the warriors without magic!

Michelle Gladstead. Commander of the Resistance.

---

---

/r/jraywang. 2 new WP stories daily. If I continue any WP it'll be there and I'll give you bonus stories just for being my reader! What more can you want :D?

Edit: Thanks for the gold! I don't think I've ever completed such a long story within a single day. You guys have pushed me in such a great way. Thank you all for your support! Hoorah my friends.


"Please Alex, we need your help", whimpered the hulking, wolf-like creature sitting at my doorstep. "The survival of my kind balances on a precipice - should we fall, it would mean our extinction." A vestige of saliva dribbled down its mouth and quickly became lost in its shaggy coat.

I should have slammed the door on it, or called the police or, well, just about *anything* other than what I did.

"Would you like a cup of tea?" I asked, as I gestured it inside. I never knew why I said it, but perhaps it was because I felt pity for the wretched thing. Its fur was drenched from the night's rain and it was shivering terribly; in its huge cobalt eyes, I swear I saw tears welling. The weight of the world seemed to rest on this creature's broad shoulders.  

It pushed itself up with its front paws onto its great hind-legs. It walked slowly towards me, its breath wafting up my nostrils and signalling that the end was fast approaching.

But I was wrong; the creature leaned forward and put two great paws around my shoulders. Then, it licked me. It's slobbering tongue, the texture of damp sand-paper, ran up my face from chin to ear. I stood paralysed as he strode through the doorway. Saliva dribbled down my cheek, before falling off and exploding onto the floor. 

"Thank you," he said, as he shook himself dry over my imitation Persian rug. I grimaced.

"My name is Driptooth," he continued. "Mind if I..." he asked, pointing towards my armchair.

"I'd prefer if you-" but he'd already leapt onto it; he quickly curled up, wrapping his tail around him for warmth.

"What do you know of the five universes?" he asked, as he wiggled his bottom deeper into the seat. 

"The five..."

"You do know of the five universes, do you not Alex?"

"I-  I don't even know what *you* are," I snapped. "I sure as hell don't know what you're going on about! You seem to be some kind of very well-spoken, lilac-furred, *wolf creature*, that *somehow* knows my name - and that I've very foolishly let into my home. You've practically ruined my best seat and you're probably going to eat me. Or perhaps I'm just imagining things, in which case I must have some kind of head-condition and I need to urgently visit my local GP!"

"Calm down, Alex," it said, in a deep, soothing voice. "Take a seat. Let me explain." 

Its tone and intonation were somewhat hypnotic, and I found myself drifting over to the sofa opposite Driptooth.

"Your universe is not alone. There are more - four more, to be precise."

"Of course..." 

He snarled and I quickly shut up.

"Each universe is missing one of the creation elements. Water, Earth, Fire, Air, or Magic. My universe is missing Water."

"You have no water? Then how are you even dribbling?" My head was swimming. 

"Let's just say, it's not water."

"Wait, did you say *magic?*"

He growled again. "Yes. Each universe lacks an element. Your lacks magic. That's how I got here, of course - although it should **never** be used in that way!" He bared his teeth and seemed angry with himself.

"Oh. Of course. Magic's a thing."

He held a paw out in front of him and uttered inaudible words. Suddenly, there was a rather sharp looking rock resting on his paw. 

"You... created a rock?"

"I transported it," he corrected. "And it's a *scratching* stone." Even as he said the words, he'd begun rubbing it deep into his fur. Dribble oozed out of his mouth like water from a tap in desperate need of a plumber.

"Okay!" I shouted, hoping to protect my armchair from a further downpour. "I get it. You can... magic."

"Yes! And as you can see, *I* can do it even in your universe, although not to the same extent. Alex," He began to speak softly, "I have travelled a long way and risked much to seek your help."

"You came all the way here for me? Why?"

"In each universe there is a master of a single element - a creature that can use it and manipulate it like no other. In this universe, you are that person."

"I'm... I'm just a fire-fighter," I replied. "I can't do anything special."

"Ah-ha!" he exclaimed, as he leapt out of his seat and onto his hind legs. "I *knew* you were the right person. Although you had me wondering for a while!" He let out a loud, satisfied howl; ornaments and pictures began to shake.

"How can I be the right person?" I asked in disbelief.

"Because you fight fire, of course." He sighed, and sunk back down into the armchair. "Two of the four universes have made an alliance. They now control all five elements, and together have already wiped life from one universe. They are intent on doing the same to mine. Once they have destroyed us, they will destroy you." 

"I'm very sorry, but what can *I* do?"

"They use fire against us. My family - entire species - will burn if you do not help me. "

"You think **I** can stop it?"

"If you can't," he let out a high pitched whimper and looked down at the floor.

"I guess.... I guess I could try," I said.

He leapt up and licked my face.


First, there came the oceans. Each planet layers upon layers of cool darkness, with cores of ice and fire. In the worlds without Earth, creatures larger than the planets themselves wander in the darkness between galaxies, and the smaller ones live upon the clouds or deep beneath the surface of the water.

In the place with no Air, everything is one with the world around it. The tides are unchanging and the trees do not grow. The people of this universe know not the meaning of barriers, as they pass through solid matter as easily as a man falling through a gust of wind: all is dense and hot and unfeeling, with nothing to stretch the space from the earth to the sky. Living things burrow deep into the rich soil and stay there for many years.

The kingdom without Fire is a space without light. There is water to drink and dirt to walk upon, but no stars to shine above or warm hearths waiting below. The quiet, velvet darkness of the void reigns over every world within it. They have learned to communicate in whispers and hands; long, pale fingers caressing the paths before them, sightless eyes that never blink.

The absence of Water in the fourth realm is a strange emptiness, as well. The air crackles with electricity and the acrid scent of ozone never leaves. Most beings are flat and dark, moving across the cracked surfaces of planets like shadows. They feed off sunlight and warmth and little else, moving slowly throughout the day with the many suns in their skies.

Most curious of all is the universe without magic. So many world exist with elements in abundance: entire planets of liquid and ice, enough sunlight to feed thousands of shadows, and yet they remain barren. No one walks the spaces between them. However, every now and then, life will begin on a planet despite lacking the spark of magic, purely due to the four remaining elements existing in harmony. Enough Water to create clouds in the air, enough Earth to receive the rain. Enough Fire to light the way, and enough Air to freely move. 

The creatures here create magic for themselves, by harnessing the existing energies and creating more of their own. Strange beings of iron and steel that glide across surfaces faster than any animal. Metal contraptions that move mountains and dig caverns. This place without magic is empty, and yet it is the the strangest of the five worlds. They are not yet aware of what truly lies beyond them.

--
This was my first time posting here, I found the prompt really interesting! Thanks for reading :)


*April 30th, 2025*

Lethal dose 50, is the amount of a substance required to kill half the population. Five days ago, we were introduced to such a substance and such an amount. I am Dr. Nufus Donnard, lead scientist of the M project (multiverse project). We are responsible for this disaster. 

Five days ago, we turned on the particle collider. Harnessing the energy of the Earth, funneled through the Grand Magis, we collided two heavy particles of lead. Our theory was the destruction of the particles we create a void in our universe that would force a tear into another and create a channel for mass to flow from one into the other. We tried for years with lighter particles, but they broke and scattered before any channel could be made. As I calculated, lead would have a high probability of success. 

On April 25th, 2025, the Grand Magis were summoned to the Brediok Particle Collider in Brediok, Naster. Perched atop the volcano of Naster, the Magis drew the power from the Earth. Life was born from the fires of the Earth. We grew from the flames. It only seems appropriate that our meddling with the ways of life created our downfall. 

The Grand Magis came to the mountaintop in their silken gowns. They were bright purple against the colourless sky. Their hands of silicon and carbon poked out and veils of fire that brought their bodies to life began to brighten. The volcano rumbled to their chanting as the two particles of lead drifted above our heads. It was beautiful. 

The group of Magis danced back and forth, using their craft to accelerate the particles faster and faster. Like two tectonic plates tangoing they heaved and bashed until at last their hands met in the center and the particles collided. 

In a blinding flash, the particles met and the sky twisted. There were no sounds, just the rupturing of infinite universes trying to find balance. Then, a liquid began to pour. Not like lava, or the blood in our veins, but soft and cooling. First, it trickled and then it gushed. It spread across the volcano, killing the Magis, then spilled over the edge of the volcano. It spread into the valleys and didn't stop until our world was separated by this blue, clear liquid. 

The liquid has stopped pouring, but the damage remains. We agreed to call it water, for it seemed to be a name that sprung to all our minds. Now the sky is blue and our planet is covered in this lethal substance. Fall into it and it extinguished your life. And for what it's worth, it appeared the lethal dose to kill 50% of our population was 1.332e^21 liters.


It was all chance.  Some bullshit about all five of our Earths occupying the same exact space in each of our respective universes so that the concentric gravitational pulls opened some kind of wormhole.  It appeared somewhere around each of our south poles.  At first, interactions between us were limited, but friendly.  It didn't take long for everything to fall apart, though.

Those of us on Earth Prime can't even exist peacefully with ourselves, much less with FOUR other Earths full of people with the same exact problem.  Once relations DID break down, it quickly became apparent that we on Prime were outmatched.  They had freaking MAGIC.  Sure, each of them were missing some "element" too, but that didn't matter when they could create impenetrable force fields, summon lightning, or create amazing constructs at will.

Our southern hemisphere became the battleground.  Antarctica, shattered.  Australia, ravaged.  Southern Africa and much of South America, obliterated.  We couldn't stop them, so the four magic using Earths fought it out in the south, while we retreated to the north.  That was 15 years ago.  When I was young, my father told me that what people used to call magic was just science that hadn't been explained yet.  It turns out, that was true in this case, too.

The other Earths don't have science, because magic is natural on their planets.  But, our scientists discovered that "magic," just like our "elements," water, earth, fire, and air, is just a compound of chemical elements from the periodic table.  Different combinations of elements resulted in different "magical" effects.  My name is Captain John Paul Woodard.  My four man strike team and I are the first soldiers in the multiverse to ever be trained in combat using all five "elements."  Our mission?  Take back our Earth.





_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hi guys, I'm not really a writer, but I saw this prompt and got an idea that I thought was kinda neat.  I know its short, but I hope you enjoyed it.


"They're made out of water."

"Water?"

"Water. They're made out of water."

"...water?"

"There's no doubt about it. We picked up several from different parts of the planet, took them aboard our recon vessels, and probed them all the way through. They're mostly water."

"So, does this planet have all 5 elements? Is that how they're able to be water?"

"Nope. Just 4. This world has no magic."

"Wait, you mean to tell me this is a world filled with water creatures but no magic? How do they stay together?" 

"Apparently they're held together in vessels filled with meat."

"Oh don't start with that 'sentient meat' thing again. I got the last report from previous scouts in this sector. I'll believe them for now, but I have a hard time believing of sentient WATER."

"It's the same creatures."

"You're fucking kidding."

"I'm not."

"HOW CAN A CREATURE BE MADE OF BOTH SENTIENT MEAT AND WATER?"

"Evidently the meat is powered by flowing rivers of water and iron, pumped through a main reactor in their chest. If they run out of water, they die."

"This is ludicrous! You're telling me we found a world that is absent of magic elements but has sentient meat/water creatures?"

"Yes."

"Okay. Fine. I'll... Take what I can in stride. So, what do they consume? There has to be some magical energies leftover from the colonization wars."

"They consume water, meat, and various plants grown from the ground."

"...No seriously."

"I'm only telling you what I observed."

"How in the everloving FUCK do they consume water? It's one of the most dangerous substances in this universe!"

"Look, we didn't evolve the same way they did. Maybe their proximity to water caused them to require it on a regular basis."

"I got it. I got it. It must be the plants! The plants give off some kind of magical essence that allows them to consume water."

"No, they eat the plants for fiber, meat for protein, and water to keep themselves hydrated."

"...without magic?"

"Without magic."

"...I don't believe this."

"Believe it or don't! This planet, apparently filled with meat life forms also has water flowing through them every day. There's even beings that live in the water."

"Live? IN WATER?"

"Yup. We sent a probe down there... Well, as far as it could go before disintegrating... And found several life forms just swimming in it."

"NO MAGIC?"

"I'm telling you! No magic! They exist not only with water, consuming water, but also living in water."

"Meat in water... This is... This is too much."

"What should we do?"

"File a follow up report to the previous one. Send it back to base."

"Really? Do you think they'll accept it?"

"Fuck no. You kidding me? They'll just file it in the back with the previous report. Nobody really wants to visit the planet that rains water, do they?"

"Definitely not."

"Then it's decided. Write up the report."

"What's our next destination?"

"Prep the ship to jump to sector TB66. At least it has magic to explain why life forms can exist alongside water."

"What element are they missing?"

"Apparently they live on a planet of fire, but no earth. Their plants can grow using air and fire, but they only just discovered water as a weapon."

"Well of course, what else would you use water for?"

"Exactly why nobody wants to come back to this planet."

"Indeed."

- With all apologies to Terry Bisson


At first, Michelle’s quite sure the other woman’s a lunatic. She touches Michelle on the arm in the train station -- deserted as always at 4 in the morning -- and smiles lightly. Giant, colorful wings bounce behind her. Even next to the deep hue of Michelle’s own skin, this woman seems impossibly dark. “Hello!” she chimes, in a voice soft and low, and strangely musical. “I’ve come from another world, and your world is very strange. Would you like to see my world?”

Michelle rolls her eyes discreetly and reaches for her mace. “Of course. What is your world called?” she asks, very pleasantly. The woman smiles, a stunning gleam of bright gold in her face. *Wait, gold?*

“It’s called Nuniter! And I am called Calia!” She holds Michelle’s arm. Then the world whisks itself away, trotting like an overly-excited horse. 

Then Michelle thinks, *Oh. A dream.* Nothing else could explain the vibrancy of this woman in the dullness of the train station, or the way that the landscape shifts while it leaves, and then twists into something else entirely. *Definitely a dream.* And then she’s on her feet again, walking after Calia. The ground seems strange, though, and so she looks down.

It’s white. Spongey, and soft-looking, and *white*. She squeaks. “Oh, yes! I forgot to explain! You see, I’ve been to each of the five worlds, and each is a little different. I did a thinking bit, and you see, we haven’t got what you call ‘dirt’.” Calia delivers that, looking far too excited, before she blinks and frowns. “If I remember right, you would call what we’re walking on ‘clouds’?”

Michelle squawks out, “Wh-what? But clouds are… are too light… That’s impossible! There’s no way we’re in the sky!”

Calia giggles gently. “Follow me!” Michelle does, awed and confused. After a few minutes’ walk, they draw to a stop by a railing, leading up to a bridge. “Look over!” Calia urges.

Doing so sends Michelle’s heart into her stomach. For when she looks over, she looks down, and down, and down, and down. So far below it’s unbelievable, she sees vast fields of blue, stretching to either end of the horizon. “But… if there’s no earth, no dirt, what’s the core of the world made of it?” she mumbles, staggering away from the railing and holding her head.

“Magic, silly!” Calia giggles. Michelle looks at her like -- well, like she’s a damn idiot.

“Magic’s not real,” she states, very flatly. 

“Oh, it’s not for you, but it is here! You see, each world misses something the others have. Yours is missing magic, but we’re missing ‘earth’, and another one’s missing air… and stuff!” Calia shrugs and laughs. “It’s all very strange, isn’t it?”

“How do I know there’s magic?” Michelle asks, crossing her arms. *There are limits.*

“Well, how do you think we got here, silly?” Calia tosses her silvery-white head of hair and laughs again. 

*God, that’s getting annoying. She laughs too much.* “Still not proving it.”

“Oh, well, and there’s the wings!” Finally, Calia stops laughing and… flaps her wings. Michelle expects nothing. Instead, Calia shoots into the air and twirls before landing. “The wings aren’t natural, you see. We attach them magically after someone comes to maturity. How else would we get from cloud to cloud?”

Michelle’s head hurts. “Oh,” she mumbles.

“You know, I bet you’d really like seeing the other worlds too! Let’s go!” Calia gasps. She latches onto her arm again. The world spins away again, this time going at a gallop. “It always takes so long to travel from Laecma -- that’s your world -- because there’s just *no* magic! At all! Going  elsewhere is just… so much faster. It’s probably why less people from the other worlds have gone in the last few millenia.”

Now they’re in the middle of vast, vast fields of the lushest and strangest grass Michelle’s ever seen. It’s as vibrantly blue as the sky, and the sky shimmers a pale green above them. “What is this world?” she asks, both curious and a little afraid. 

“Oh, this is Seewa!” Calia tells her. “They don’t have any water here! None at all!” Just thinking about it makes Michelle thirsty.

“What do they drink, then? And what about the plants? Is that why the grass is… blue?” Michelle wonders out loud.

“Well, for the drinking, they have lots of things to drink. None of them are very *pleasant*, it’s true, but they do have lots.” Calia wrinkles her nose. “The most prevalent is what they call ‘acier’. It burns going down. *A lot*.”

“And the plants?” She kneels down and picks a piece of the grass, studying it. It’s rather like the sawgrass she ran into on one field trip. But it’s *blue*. 

“It still rains, and things, but it’s not water.” She looks up in time to see Calia’s shrugs. “We’d better go, though. I see one of the people who live here.” Calia leans over and stage whispers, “They’re not very friendly.”

Judging by the bellow that follows their standing, it’s true. As Calia whisks them away, Michelle catches a glimpse of someone wide and broad, just like the grass, thundering down on them with anger in its pastel blue face. 

And then, they’re somewhere cool. Her eyes fail her at first, but then she picks shapes out of the darkness. Just as her eyes adjust, something bright flares into existence at her side. Startled, she shies away -- but it’s Calia. The other woman’s wings flicker between colors, but stay close to a soft orange light. “This is the world without fire,” she says, almost solemnly. “They’re very serious, you see. It gets so cold at night, and they’ve got nothing to warm them without magic. Not a lot of people have magic here, you know. They have to be serious in order to survive.”

Someone looms out of the darkness, and calls mournfully, “Who goes there?”

“‘Tis just I, Calia! Don’t worry, Prinkaire!” she calls back. “I’ve met someone from Laecma, and they were interested in the sights, you see!”

A heavy sigh precedes the person appearing in the circle of light. Whoever it is has the squarest, longest face Michelle’s ever seen. The way they look reminds her of an albino, almost. “Very well, Calia,” it sighs. “Just leave quickly. The hunter’s bands have been bad lately.”

She sniffs. “As if I’d let one of those magic-stealing *tikrari* take *my* magic!” She beams at him and turns to Michelle. “Michelle, this is Prinkaire, He-Who-Warms-The-Outskirts. He’s very good at it, too!”

“It doesn’t feel all that cold, though?” Michelle asks, eyeing the thick clothes the man wears.

“That’s because he’s doing his job, silly!” Calia chides her. Then they’re off again, galloping through the borders of the world. This time, Michelle remains focused enough to see the edges of the fireless world, and then the edges of… whatever comes next. 

*No earth, no water, no fire… no air?* Then it occurs to her. *I breathe air!* “Shit! Calia, I --”

Her mouth fills with water. She gulps, and struggles, and --

Doesn’t drown. “What?” she mumbles, looking at the winged woman who’s bent over cackling.

“I love doing that to people!” she finally howls. “Every time!”

“....thanks.”

“Anyway, this is the world without air! Welcome to Diawa!” Calia claps her hands and flutters her wings. “You’re breathing the water because of --”

“Magic?” Michelle guesses. Calia nods and grins. 

“And I teleported us right into one of the paths the guards like, so you can meet some of the Diawi!” Seconds later, soft trills touch Michelle’s ears. She turns toward the sound inquiringly.

What approaches leaves her gasping. Every myth, every tale she’s heard of mermaids, left her unprepared for what they might be like. The people approaching are iridescent, glimmering in the light, with long faces and eyes set too wide in their heads. But they’re *beautiful*.

“Touring again, Cal?” one purrs. It’s not words. Somehow, Michelle understands it.

“Of course! I love visits!” Calia trills back. “And I have a visitor.”

The underwater dwellers turn to Michelle and do what she *thinks* is a nod. “Greetings, stranger. Do you come from Laecma? You do not bellow, nor have you wings, and your skin stays too dark.”

“Yes, yes, I do,” she replies. Their voices aren’t voices. Instead, they seem like songs.

“We’d better get back, though! I think she’s going to miss her traim! Train? Tram? Whatever!” Calia chirps. The world blurs again. The thick, soupy water turns into the familiar polluted air of home. All the light, filtering through untold depths, turns into the dull drone of overheads. “I hope you liked the visit! Can I come visit you again? I like visiting!” she asks, hovering in front of Michelle in the still-abandoned station.

All Michelle can think of is, “Yes. Yes, please.” Then Calia disappears in a burst of color. Michelle sits down hard, in the middle of the station, and stares ahead.

“Amazing,” she breathes. Nothing seems the same anymore. "Definitely not a dream."


I flipped the switch, and took a deep breath. As expected, a portal appeared in the center of the room, labeled with the number 3. I knew that the five universes each lacked one of the five elements. We were universe 5, and we lacked magic. The others were missing earth, water, fire, and air, respectively. Everyone in the room knew this.

I thought a little about how misleading calling the elements earth, water, fire and air were. For any one thing, exactly one of the five universes was missing it. Each of the 4 elements besides magic stood for one state of matter; earth was solid, water was liquid, air was gas, fire was plasma. Fire also meant energy. Going into a universe where we couldn't stand, couldn't drink or couldn't breathe was unfeasible, so we had to start with the other one.

I felt a little pang of regret, of course. We had developed this portal machine for reasons that were not exactly moral. We wanted to invade each universe and plunder them. Actually, I didn't want to harm the universes; the people who commissioned me to work on this did. Oh well. People were marching into the portal in their spacesuits already to invade the universe without fire. I was to follow.

The first thing I noticed was that it was bitterly, bitterly cold, even with my suit on. The second was that nearly nothing moved. Only what we touched moved. The air was nearly still. 

We marched for a long time. After what felt like hours, we spotted a humanoid, floating in the air and seemingly defying gravity. Of course we had to go talk to it.

I'm kidding, of course. One of us provoked it by throwing a spear at it. It bounced off with a clink. The humanoid slowly turned its gaze to us.

"Is it a war you want, fools? I know it is. You should have known that nothing in this universe can harm us. That is how we have taken over its entirety! Now, you will die!" With those words a swarm of similar beings leapt upon us with surprising speed.

Then, in an extremely anticlimactic turn of events, someone threw a stick of dynamite, detonated it, and killed every single one. They disintegrated.

I felt a little disoriented, and a little bit shocked that such a proud warrior race could be so easily wiped out with a few sticks of dynamite. 

But of course, we had to continue.


I am not an experienced author so any feedback would be appreciated :) This doesn't exactly fit the prompt but I liked the idea of an origin story.

______________


In the beginning there was nothing. Then there was a Something.  This Something was a great being, made of five elements, swirling into a colossal form that sparkled like a star, flowed like a river, swirled like the wind, moved like a boulder and it's mind was pure magic.  But no matter how beautiful this Something was, it was alone.


The Something was so very lonely that it took parts of itself and began creating, for it was better to be smaller with something else to share it with. 


The first thing it made was a ball of earth, with water to bind it, and warmed by fire, and some magic so it could talk with the Something. They spent many long conversations discussing where they came from. 


The second thing it made was a nebulous cloud of steam, heated by flame, and of course, a sparkle of magic so it could talk. It loved to talk about why they were here, and their place in the universe.


The third thing it made was dense and rocky and scorched by fire that raced around it, with gusts of wind to keep its blazing furnace skin alight. Again, it had a coating of magic so they could discuss what they could achieve together.


The fourth thing it made was a great maelstrom of freezing dirt and air whirling round and round.  By the time it came to give this thing magic the Something realised this was the last magic it had to give. It had kept back a little of everything else to ensure it could keep working, but it had enjoyed the conversation so much it had forgotten to save some magic.  As the Something gave its last little piece of magic, it curled up into a tight ball in between its new friends and fell very quiet for a long long time.  This fourth promised to protect the Something from all harm, for giving it life.


While the Something may have been only earth, air, water and fire, it began to blossom and grow. Those questions it had asked, and the conversations enjoyed with its friends had woken something in its very skin, which called itself humanity. This humanity grew and questioned and gazed up at the sky where the four friends lived and in time called them planets.


The initial plans called for a phalanx of special forces to accompany Jamie – two to flank his side, another forty-eight to encircle the sprawling mansion in the upperclass suburbs, all with strict orders to contain any disturbance with extreme prejudice. 

Jamie had finally convinced his bosses to see things his way. “Look, I was the one who brought her in, I can get her to cooperate. Even if she reacts… unexpectedly,” Jamie had said, tapping the vest they had fitted over him, “I’ll be able to handle it with this, right?”

Eventually, only one other agent was assigned, and even he was left to stand watch at the end of the long driveway, nervously peering into the darkness as Jamie crossed the lawn, alone, to rap sharply on the ornate mahogany door.

“You promised me I would be left alone,” hissed the voice, bouncing around sharply in the confines of Jamie’s skull.

“Lwellyn, you have no idea the lengths I’ve gone to keep you safe,” growled Jamie, a note of irritation creeping into his voice. It was true, and righteous indignation swirled in his belly, which he fought to suppress. “But I am one lone man, trying to make the best of a right shitshow, so forgive me if you are to be disturbed.”

The door swung open on its own, and the décor within was as Jamie expected of a designer who, having been forbidden to use her favourite colours or motifs, had suddenly been set free to do as she would.

In other words, there was running water, everywhere. An arresting fountain took centre-stage in the hall, bubbling as the water jets twirled and spun gracefully in the air. Two double-storey waterfalls, cleverly-designed waterspouts from on high, gushed into swirling pools. Streams of water, chugging along inset rivulets, ran across the length of the floor.

Lwellyn snapped her fingers, and suddenly, all the water ceased. They did not stop, in the way that one may expect if a tap were turned off. Rather, all the water froze where they were, transfixed in motion, as if it were all a streaming video which was in the midst of buffering.

Lwellyn saw the look in Jamie’s eyes, and said, “I’ve been here ten years, Jamie, and still I cannot believe your Homeworld takes for granted what we struggle so hard to replace. So forgive me my indulgences.”

“Oh no, I suppose I would have done the same thing,” said Jamie, a wistful edge to his tone, “Every inch of my home would be filled with every trinket, vessel or embodiment of Magic I could lay my hands on. I understand the allure of what we do not have, Lwellyn, very well.”

It was somewhat ironic that even though Jamie was the leader of the global think-tank which specialized in advising world governments on trans-world relations, he had never personally crossed over into any of the other Homeworlds. He was intimately aware that crossing over was safe, that one only had to prepare the necessary substitutes – for example, Lwellyn’s Homeworld, Dessicae, possessed the elements of Earth, Air, Fire and Magic in abundance, but Water was notably absent, so that had to be brought along.

Early forays had determined that it was Magic which had, in a sense, adapted to help Dessicae survive despite the absence of Water. Magic was intangible, omnipotent, and it flowed so richly in Dessicae that it filled in all the roles which Water would normally have played on Jamie’s Homeworld. Subsequent reports confirmed that it was the same on the other Homeworlds – regardless of which element was missing on that Homeworld, Magic was the glue which bound them all together.

It was only on Jamie’s Homeworld, where Earth, Air, Fire and Water were all present and accounted for, that Magic had, perhaps deciding that it had no role to play, slinked away.

“This cannot be a courtesy call,” said Lwellyn, eyes narrowing, “I am indebted to you, but not once since you took me in as a refugee have you ever called on me in a personal capacity. It has always been about work, and this cannot be different.”

“You are astute, and I shall be blunt then. I’ve come to ask for you to unlock the Portal to your Homeworld.”

Jamie’s request hung in the air, and eventually Lwellyn laughed. “You must be joking. How do you expect me to be able to do tha-”

“We will inform Dessicae that we have finally hunted you down, rooted you out from your hiding place amongst our populace. You will return a political prisoner, but our operatives will be in place to spring you out. We just need you, as a native, to weave the spells needed to fully open the Portal to Dessicae. Once that is done, your debt is clear, and you can return here to live out the rest of your life in peace.” 

“And why the hell would I do that?”

Jamie had anticipated this question. He had two answers prepared, the first being an appeal to logic. He would show Lwellyn the collected data, that the four elements in Jamie’s Homeworld were irreversibly poisoned, and that open channels were needed to the other Homeworlds so that the tainted elements could be replaced. Negotiations for peaceful acquisition of resources were stalling, and time was running out.

From that perspective, the problem was suddenly a matter of national, nay, global security.

And to round off the logical explanation, Jamie would have pointed out that when it came down to a matter of global security, a certain amount of force was allowed, and the opening of the Portals was the first step to a policy they had termed “Enforced Survival”.

But Lwellyn was not susceptible to logical arguments, as Jamie’s memory served him, so instead he said, “We have reason to believe your daughter is alive in Dessicae. These photographs were taken just last month. You won’t just be helping your adopted Homeworld survive, you will be bringing your daughter home.”

Jamie’s hands were already on his vest, and his personal Barrier was activated mere seconds before Lwellyn’s psychic scream tore through the mansion. Part guilt for abandoning the child she thought had died all those years ago, part anguish for not doing more, part shame for moving on when her own flesh and blood still suffered in Dessicae, the Magic spilled out of Lwellyn, a malevolent manifestation of her pain.

Outside, a hundred feet away, the special agent crumpled to his knees, grabbing his head in pain. The hidden gears and circuits in Jamie’s vest toiled on, shielding him more than adequately. Jamie gave the woman, sobbing poignantly on the floor, a full minute before he pressed his case.

“Will you help us open the Portal? I have three others like you to meet tonight, Lwellyn, and I really need an answer.”

The angry, determined… *hungry* look in her eyes was all the answer he needed.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


Earth November 23, 2078 

A Distinguished physicist named Sergi Yuzebabenko crated a small wormhole like portal that may possibly lead to an alternate universe. 

Earth December 5, 2078 

Sergi successfully crated a portal to an alternate universe, drones were sent through to investigate the alternate universe. Preliminary readings indicate a total lack of volcanic or geological activity, the planet seems to be made of scattered small lakes and huge plains covered with tall grass.

Earth December 10, 2078 

Sergi's project was confiscated by the UN, in exchange for his continued work in the project he was allowed to lead the project but under the supervision of General Davis.

Earth December 12, 2078

A drone had been damaged, last images sent back seem to indicate it was shot down by a strange energy source. The "plains planet" was officially declared hostile and a permanent UN peace keeping presence was stationed at the lab.

Earth December 20, 2078

General Davis orders a squad of spec ops personnel lead a recon mission and establish a forward operating base as soil samples from the plains planet indicated that the soil is 100 times more fertile than any soil found on earth.

Earth January 5, 2079

A team consisting of over 300 hundred Seals, Green berets and Spetsnaz was sent through the portal to establish a forward operating base.

Approximately 5 hours after the team, now designated alpha team, they encountered a small group of humans that seemed to be primitive in technology, it was discovered that they were the group that had shot down the drone. After some contact it was discovered that they spoke Latin. 

Earth January 6, 2079

Alpha team establishes a small base. Light jeeps were sent through the portal and were retrieved by alpha team. At the request of the Russian contingent, several M2 Abrams and T1009 tanks were also sent. 100 scientists, including biologists, physicists, ecologists and doctors were sent through along with 300 UN   regular infantry.

Earth January 9, 2079

Doctors examine the native inhabitants of the natives of the plains world and to their surprise find they are resistant to all diseases that they encountered from the initial expedition. A purple fluid was discovered in the natives blood, it has been dubbed ether.


Earth January 13, 2079 

News of the alternate world was annoyed to the general public. A new UN board was created to govern how to handle relations with the natives of the plains world

Earth January 29, 2079

Drones find a large city on the plains world. It is inhabited by over 3 million natives.

Earth February 4, 2079

Several more native cities are found in the plains world. It is discovered that the natives lack the ability to create fire,
the natives seem to "cook" their food with the ether. 

Earth February 9, 2079 

Several physicists come to the conclusion that the ether follows no known laws of physics. The natives seem to harness it with their mental abilities alone.

Plains world February 18, 2079

A crop of corn was successfully grown to maturation, 900 UN regulars were sent from earth to fortify the base and expand the defense capabilities, an air strip was constructed and 5 Z-9 attack jets were received. 300 more scientists arrive along with a UN envoy

Plains world February 21, 2079

Envoy attempted to make contact with a native city, natives fired upon the envoy guards and personnel, only 3 survivors made it back to base

Plains world February 23, 2079 

General Davis along with 10000 regular UN infantry arrive from earth, the UN has decided that the opportunity to harness the plains world can not be lost, as almost all soil on earth has been poisoned by pollution.

Plains world February 24, 2079 

Several more attack vehicles arrive from earth. Construction of walls around the base begins.

Plains world  March 3, 2079

Walls construction is completed 

Plains world March 10, 2019

600 framers arrived from earth along with several tons of corn, watermelon and strawberry seed.

Plains world March 11, 2079 

Civilian population quarters are constructed 

Plains world March 12, 2079


Farming begins


Plains world March 21, 2079


A large population of natives were detected with a direct heading for the base, several artillery batteries are recived from earth on priority. They were  ready to fire within hours of arrival

Plains world March 25, 2079

The large native force consists of 15000 males who seems to be armed with ether enabled weapons, their leader meets with general Davis, he remarks "they want us to leave and never come back, let's show them what we are made of" 

Plains world March 26, 2079

The native army is within 2 km of the base, general Davis informs the native  leader that he has no intention of withdrawing


Plains world March 27, 2079 

The native army attacks the base, artilley and aerial bombardment wipe out most of the attacking force before  they arrive at the base, fires spread throughout the grass fields and what was left of the natives forces burn alive 

Plains world April 9, 2079 


General Davis travels to he largest native city along with 6000 men and several attack vehicles to demand complete capitulation, the natives agree 


Plains world April 12, 2079 


The plains world is officially declared a territory of the United Nations of earth, the natives are allowed to Live on 1/2 of the planet as long as they agree to give up their ether weaponry, they agree



Hope you guys liked. if you guys want I can do more. 
Thank you for your time reading this it is appreciated.


"... in short, our team has discovered a way to 'borrow' the magic of the other realms, creating an endless supply of free energy!"

I paused to glance at the room.  I have a really bad fake smile on my face.  This was my worst nightmare.  I hate crowds...  I hate talking...   And I really hate talking in front of crowds.  

The large projector that was showing my life's work was blinding me a little, but I could make out audience just a little bit.  They were all busy talking amongst themselves to even noticed that I had stopped talking.  Man, I really hate the press.   

Clearing my throat before I spoke again.   "Ladies and Gentlemen, please.   I know it's hard to comprehend, but Magic is real.   

In the darkness, I could see a hand popped up from the crowd. Finally, somebody was showing some interest in my work.   I quickly turned off the projector, and the room lights turned out.  I excitedly pointed at the man and said "Yes, yes, yes...  Sir, do you have a question?"

A slender white man stood up, "You claim there are multiple universes, and you wish to 'steal' their magic...  Aren't you concerned about how the local population would respond?"

"Well, we are not stealing anything...   Magic is free flowing in the other universes.  We just tap into it...  Like... Like Drilling for oil."

"So...  We're are just going into somebody's else backyard and drilling for Magic without their permission?  How is that not stealing?" the man said quickly in a stern voice.

"No...  you don't understand...  We are not stealing anyth-" I ended up muttering.

"You claim you have access to other universes, you're going to 'tap' into their source of magic without getting consent from anybody? How is that NOT stealing?" yelled the reporter.

"Because...  There is NO local populace to speak of."

I fumble with the projector controls.  I made a mistake and turned off the room lights before even turning on the projector...   Cursing at myself, I finally got the projector turned on and pulled up a chart showing all the different universes.  Angrily pointing at each type of universes we discovered.  
 
"Look here, Here...  See?   An universe with no earth.   You know what no earth mean?  It means no ground... No ground means no planets.  And I don't know what you think, but Life kind of needs a planet to...  Well, to live on. " 

I angrily walk into the center of the projection, pointing at each universe types.  "Oh, and guess what?  No water means there is no life either.   No air?  Guess what?   No life.   No fire?  That means no sun, no stars, no nothing.   Just a pile of hydrogen atoms floating around." 

After staring out into the darkness for far too long...  As I start calming down, I slowly start to come to the realization I might have made the biggest mistake of entire life.   Taking a few big breaths, I slowly walked off stage with my head hanging low.  What will the headlines read tomorrow?   'Scientist Discovers MAGIC ans saves the world'...   or...  Will it read, 'Crazy scientist loses it in front of everybody!'...

My wife comes up to me and said, "It could be worse."

"How could it be worse?"  I said frankly?   

My wife let out a small smirk and said, "It could have be worse, if you didn't also happen to also discover endless amount of Magic energy that could rewind time."


The face in the mirror was not mine. It looked similar, but the skin was like a dry lake bed and the lips had canyon fissures running through them. 

"Water." It mouthed. 

I heard the voice in my head as if it were my own thought. A familiar voice with an unfamiliar hunger. 

"Water." It groaned. Louder this time. In the increased volume I could feel the sharp desperation and longing in the dancing tones.

I turned the sink tap and threw water at the reflection. Nothing happened. I could feel a fear rising within me. I pooled the water in my cupped hands and drank. The water was like nothing I had ever tasted before. The refreshing clarity trickled down my throat and hung in my gut. I let out a deep sigh, joined in harmony with a voice within. 

The reflection ran its pine-cone tongue across its crumbling lips. "More."

I obliged. Not because of the command, but because I felt it too. The need for more. Again I lifted my hands to my lips and let the ice cold water sooth me. As soon as I swallowed, the great thirst swelled up again. The roof of my mouth felt coarse and my temple began to pound. The reflection didn't need to signal this time, I was already drinking deep. This humdrum tap water tasted like the freshest lake. 

The reflection wasn't getting any less dishevelled though. As I drank repeatedly, it just stood there, breathing heavily. Nothing changed, on that end.

My panic began to set in as I felt an inconsolable itching in my eyes. Between gulps I had taken to rubbing them with my wet fingers for a moments relief. Springs of blood began to sweat from the cracks in my chapped lips. I took one last look at my reflection before bending over and spraying the tap full force into my mouth. Breathing was no longer a priority. I needed the water.


Earthless' world was a world well defined by a minimum

of terrestrial rocks, boulders, solids and minerals

And everything was kept spherical in hydrostatic equilibrium

But fluid patterns of life was possible, held together by magic tick intervals.


Waterless world was poorly defined still

With no liquid at all in a sea, lake, or well

But life was still possible, just a different sort

Everything there was an electric robot.


Fireless world was cold and dark, no star,

To light up the void and bring structure afar.

But despite this heat prevailed at a minimum,

Heated by our friend compression and equilibrium.


Aetherless world was filled to the top

With matter and solids with not a single thought

to the giant voids of the other universe's space,

And the material of Helium which fills up the place.


Finally Magicless world was the one of confusion,

And seemed to have no creation story of reason,

All was deterministic and natural,

One wonders if souls could exist truly with this world's set of behaviourals.


We should have known.

When the Waterless came to our dimension, it was the first we had heard of the fifth element. Magic! No longer was it a mere story. We were enthralled by these beings that came from a world without water. This was what scientists had dreamed of. This was First Contact. We welcomed them and their magic to our dimension and offered them gifts of our purest water. The moment the Waterless envoy touched it, he dissolved.

The Earthless were like friendly spirits, traversing life and space as an ethereal combination of magic, water, fire, and air. They came in peace, to learn and to trade. The elements that made up our Earth were poison to them. They withered and faded in its presence. It was like watching souls die.

When the Fireless came, those beautiful crystalline beings, we tried to warn them, but our warnings arrived too late. As soon as they encountered the heat of our dimension, they caught fire and melted. The crackling, the bubbling, the cries of agony - they were horrifying.

The Airless came armed with magic and greed, here to invade and take our precious Air that they were denied in their home dimension. The other dimensions had all devised magical protections to prevent such attacks; we, on the other hand, had no such defenses. The world panicked and prepared for a war we knew we couldn’t win. We need not have worried. The moment the Airless entered our dimension, the air pressure crushed them like trash in a compactor.

The pattern was there. We should have seen it. We should have known.

But we were obsessed with the idea of magic. What was once a fantasy was now too much for us to resist. Generations of scientists dedicated their lives to finding a way into another dimension. Some of us dreamed of it, some gambled on it, some donated all we had to it, and all of us believed we would be the ones rewarded when the way was found. People lived and died with no other goal or dream but to reach magical worlds.

When the breakthrough finally came and we found a way to breach the boundary between dimensions, humanity would tolerate no delays. A group of us embarked immediately to cross the interdimensional border.

When we entered into the Earthless dimension, we found what we had come for. Magic. It crashed into us like a wave, filled us with power, echoed like a thousand songs through our hearts and our blood, intoxicated us like no drug ever could. We were beyond gods. We were everything.

But there was a reason no dimension had all five elements simultaneously. They couldn’t exist in balance. When all five interacted, they became unstable. We should have seen it from what happened to the others who came to us. We should have known. The magic filled us, and then shattered us.

We used to wonder where dark matter came from.

Now we know.


***

First time trying this. I hope I formatted it properly.  I know it's a bit late to the prompt, but I was inspired and wanted to try writing one. I'm a bit rusty since I haven't written in a long time.  Hope it's alright!


"Come!" The paw on the back of my head scratches through my fur. I snap at Dodger. He still treats me like a pup, and he is old. Old or not, he manages to catch me and roll me over. I bat at his chest and he snaps and growls near my ears until I surrender.

"Insolent pup," he growls again as he lets me up.

"I'm not a pup!" I stand up and shake. "I have earned my name. The Lady gave me a name!"

"Dodger! Sapphire!" The girl's voice from inside makes me perk up my ears. 

"The Lady calls again. Come!" He turns back toward the house and trots over. I follow, and playfully snap at his golden tail. He ignores me because I am obeying.

The Lady opens the door. The youngest. Not quite 100 years yet. She just came of age last week, and there was a big celebration. I was quite popular that night, as her friends gave me many treats. There was talk among the adults about her going away. She said I would go with her, and that made me happy. I wag my tail at her. The Lady pats my head, but then she kneels down and hugs Dodger. The Lady is crying.

"What's wrong?" I ask her. She only reaches out and pats my head again. She doesn't understand me yet. Not like the Master. The Master knows what we say. He understands Dodger more easily. And then I notice that Dodger is not wagging his tail. He is also sad.

"Dodger?" I demand. I muscle my way into the hug and lick the Lady's face. She laughs a little. "Dodger, what's wrong?"

"I have to go see the Master," he says. He breaks away from the hug and leaves me with the Lady, who hugs me now instead. I sniff her. She smells of the chemicals that Master smells like all the time now. I listen. I can hear the Mistress talking, talking to the Peddler of the chemicals. I nudge out of the hug to follow Dodger, up the stairs, up to Master's room.

"Hey Sapphire," says the Mistress when I enter. She rubs me behind the ears the way I like. I tell her thank you.

"Beautiful Husky," says the Peddler. I greet him and he pets me. He seems all right, but for the odd smell.

"She belongs to my granddaughter." The Mistress's voice sounds odd, like she is in distress, but I smell no danger.

"Ah." The Peddler is packing up. "If you need anything else..."

"Thank you." The Mistress walks out with him.

Dodger is on the bed. He lays his head on Master's chest, who looks asleep. The chemicals make me want to sneeze, but Dodger had told me that is disrespectful. There's another smell too: it's been present for a long time, but today it is stronger than before.

I walk up to the side of the bed. "Dodger!" I speak loudly to get his attention.

He opens his big brown eyes. "Quiet, pup," he says. "And go away."

"No! Tell me what is going on. Why does the Master smell like this? Why is my Lady crying?" I put my paws on the bed to look at Master. His skin is very sallow and thin. The veins stand out.

"I am the Seventh," says Dodger. He lifts his head from Master's chest. "My family was made part of the Master's family generations ago, when he was just a pup." Dodger looks at his Master's face. "The First was named Dodger as well. He named me, knowing I would be the last."

"The last?" I whine. "Dodger, what are you talking about?"

Dodger sighs. "You're too young to understand."

"I am not a puppy!" I say it loudly. "I am not!"

The Master opens his eyes, and I wonder if I have made a mistake. But he laughs and reaches out to scratch my ears. Like the Mistress, he knows how to scratch properly.

"Hullo, Sapphire," he says. I wag my tail. "Be a good dog for Jenny, mm?"

"I will," I tell him. I feel Dodger looking at me, all solemn.

"Good girl," says Master. "I don't have long before I go. Dodger will take care of me."

I hear a car pull up the driveway outside. It's a large one. I run to the window and look out: it's big and white, and strange humans in uniform get out. The Mistress begins to talk with them. I run back to the bed.

I look at Dodger. "He can't leave. You can't leave!" I whine.

"Hey, hey," says Master. He catches me near the ears again, gently. "I told you, Dodger will take care of me."

I whine at them both. "You can't leave!"

The men come upstairs with a bed on wheels. The Lady comes with them and takes me aside.

"Gotta move the dog."

"I'll move him," says the Mistress. She lifts Dodger off the bed. He seems older than he did a little while ago. I whine at the Lady, but she just holds me and cries.

"He can't leave!" I tell her, but she doesn't understand yet. "They won't bring him back!"

But he does leave. The Lady just holds me and weeps while the vehicles drive away.

We go downstairs and outside. Dodger walks down the driveway, following the vehicles.

"Dodger, wait!" I strain against the Lady's hands. She calls for Dodger, and he waits a moment. I get free.

"Dodger, we have to bring the Master back!" I tell him. I could still hear the vehicles on the road. The Lady was running up behind me.

He wags his tail at me. "He told you to be a good dog and take care of the Lady. Be good, Sapphire." He licks my face and runs off, golden fur shining in the sunlight. Lady holds onto me and calls for Dodger, but he disobeys. I had never seen him disobey before. He had never called me by my name before.

I only saw Dodger one more time: we found him at the meadow where the Master's body was laid, curled against the crossed stone that marked it.

He was the Seventh of his family. I am the First of mine.

---

*Wow, I'm overwhelmed by all the feedback and the comments. I'm so glad so many people enjoyed this!*


The Master lifted his cane off of his throne in the room of gathering, leaned on it. He moved carefully, slowly to the glowing box in one corner of the room. He pressed a thin finger against the side of the box, and the glowing disappeared.

I stood up to greet him as he turned to me. I looked up at his eyes. They were losing their color. Most Masters think dogs don't notice things, but I do. I have been a good dog to my Master, and I have noticed many things. 

I noticed when he was not moving in his bed one morning. I noticed when another Master was going to attack mine from behind. I noticed when my Master brought home a new, tiny Master with no motor skills and a high-pitched squeal.

"George, ya ole mutt," my Master chuckled, reaching down to scratch my neck. I loved it when he scratched my neck!

As he pulled his hand back, I looked back into his eyes and tilted my head.

My Master sat back down in his soft throne, leaned forward. "I know, boy-o," he whispered, lifting my head with his hand, holding his cane in his other, "I'm not looking so good. I'm not moving as fast as I used to, I can't do all of the things I used to do with you."

Moisture began to form around his eyes. I have seen this before, he is sad. My Master is sad, but why? Is it because he is getting old? Is it because of me? Did I do something wrong? I nudged my nose closer to him, making him chuckle.

"No, no, no," my Master smiled, "you're good, ole boy, you're good."

Okay, good, it wasn't me.

"I do want to talk to you, though." My Master stood up briefly then dropped to one knee, laying his cane on the ground. "Sit for me, Georgie. I'm going to be going to the hospital soon. I hope this is just for some tests, but I'm not sure."

I tilted my head again. What is a "hospital"? Is it like Hell? Or, in other words, the Vet?

"This is looking like my last trip to the hospital, boy-o."

Something about his tone did not sound right to me. Moisture was appearing in his eyes again. Why is my Master so sad now? What is going on? I scooted a little closer to him, licking his hand. Maybe licking his hand would make him feel better.

"Thank you, boy," my Master said, stroking my head. "You've been a good boy so far. We've had some pretty fun times, too. Remember those muggers?" He laughed a big laugh this time. "What a time! Good thing I had this with me." He picked up his cane, waved it at me. My tail wagged.

"I want you to know, boy-o, that I love you and that you have been the best friend anyone could have."

I have no idea what he just said, but he looked intensely into my eyes, and the moisture was gone, so I think he was happy. My tail continued to wag. I licked his hand again.

My Master pressed his head to mine. We remained there for a good long while.

My tail continued to wag.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________

I know this is done to death, but I do have to say... THANK YOU, KIND AND BEAUTIFUL STRANGER, FOR MY FIRST GILDING. You popped my Reddit cherry. I feel like I should give you a hug or something. Is that weird? And thank you for all of your comments, this really means a lot to me! And I appreciate the critiques as well - I'm constantly trying to better my writing, and commenting on /r/WritingPrompts and getting my stuff in front of you all has definitely helped! Have yourselves a wonderful Thanksgiving!

And love on your pets a little more this week, too! ;P


The Cat Guardian is back, the smell of heavy sand and fur trailing behind her feet. She is sitting beside the Mistress, touching her hand, whispering something. I can understand things like *food* and *walk.* I cannot understand the heavy shove of these words, the wet ocean smell on her skin. 

We went to the beach once, Mistress and the Cat Guardian. We stood beside the waves and judged the horizon. Mistress threw sticks into the surf and the Cat Guardian shied away from my wet paws. 

Cat Guardian has two little demons that follow her. When we visit her, on long mornings, the cats slink through the rooms and tell me stories. They tell me about the way mice taste, how I am a stunted wolf, how they are tigers still in their tiny souls. 

But today the demons are not with Cat Guardian. There is only her Bag of Secrets, a heavy heart, and a drawn look. 

Cat Guardian brings me into the Room, where I have slept my whole life. There on the white bed, with the flowers and old stuffed animals I cannot chew. There Cat Guardian places me beside Mistress and lets her touch my throat, my nose, my ears. 

I understand her words, for they are slow and familiar. "Be good." 

Then Cat Guardian is kneeling beside Mistress. She is touching her face, her hands, her hair. She is saying things too quickly for me to understand. She is weeping openly, her hands rattling. Cat Guardian is younger, within her first cycle of celestial ability. She will live four hundred more years. 

But not Mistress. I know then what Cat Guardian is saying. She is picking up the leash, she is whispering "walkies." She is looking away from Mistress. 

"Be good, Blossom," Mistress says. "I love you." 

Then Mistress turns away, to look at the windows. I am passed to another Being and taken from the white rooms, the white bed, the wonderful smell of flowers and cheese. I am taken into a car that smells like sand, to a world with demon tigers.

And no Mistress. 

I do not see her again until she is stone growing from the ground.

It is their way.


*Because fuck ya'll and your depressing stories.  Let's make this a little more happy, eh?  Or at least as happy as possible following the prompt.*

I never knew master's wife.  Father said that she was kind and generous and fed him scraps from the table when master wasn't looking.  Master did the same, too, of course.  That's what humans did.

Master was a god, father told me when I was younger.  He cared for us, he protected us, he taught us and he played with us.  In return we offered our service, paltry as it was.  Always faithful to our master.  How could we not be?  Those were long years ago, now.  Father had since passed, and I had children of my own.  The master's children kept them, they visited often in their grand chariots.  It was good days when they came to visit.

I was old now.  My time would be up soon, I knew it.  I didn't mind.  I had fathered many children, gone on many walks, sniffed many butts.  I would rest soon.  Which was good, because I was tired.  Sometimes I forgot I was tired, usually when I was with master, and I would play like I was a puppy again.  Then I would be very tired.

I thought about my life as I lay on my back, comfortable.  I heard the door open, the familiar footsteps of master.  I waited for a moment.  "Dag nabbit Tex I told you don't get on the couch!"  He muttered, tossing his hat onto the rack.  "Well, if you're not getting off at least make some room."

Father said that humans lived eons, that master had been his master, and his father's before him, and his father's before him, more generations than father could remember.  I was glad, master was a good master, he was kind.  He sat beside me, I put my head on his lap and looked up at him.  In return he scratched me behind my ears.  I felt my eyes close.  Certainly master was magic, nothing else felt like that.  Ohh....

"Come on, Tex.  We've gotta go to the store.  Wanna ride in the car?"

I scrambled to my feet, barking.  Yes!  A ride in the chariot!  What a treat.  Master secured my leash to my collar, struggling with it a little.  We got in the chariot and it made a noise like a lion's roar.  I barked in response, I would teach it to threaten master.  Stupid Chariot.

As master drove he kept one hand on the back of my head.  He was nice, I panted happily, letting the world pass me by, until he stopped scratching me.  I was puzzled.  Master lifted his hand to his chest, the other on the reigns of the chariot.  Something was wrong.  Something was very wrong.  Master winced in pain, I barked an alarm.

I looked for something, anything to help, but the car was moving too fast and we weren't even on the road anymore, there was a tree ahead and it was big and heavy and I was scared and I kept barking.

Then it was over.  How had we gotten here?  It was nice, a green field, trees, balls and ropes and rawhide bones and the couch was here too!  Wow, what was this place?  It's awesome!

There were other dogs, too.  Dogs I knew.  Friends!  I ran over, barking my excitement.  It was father!  But he was so young!  Barely more than a pup.  Mother too!  And grandfather, who I had smelled once before I opened my eyes.  I was so happy, my tail wagged and wagged, and I barked and barked.

There was a sudden stillness.  I looked.  Master was here, but it wasn't master.  He was young, as young as his children, but he was the same master I knew.  He smiled at me, and at all of us, and we ran to him, bowled him over in our eagerness and he just laughed and laughed, hugging us to him.  "Tex!  Ralph!  Wolfie, Scott, Amy!  Oh, it's good to see you all again!"  He shouted, we barked back.

Master stood, brushing himself off.  His eyes were far away, I followed his gaze.  It was a woman.  Father ran to her, I followed, and master came too.  She spoke, a kind voice, "we've been waiting."

He laughed and she laughed and I barked and I ran and played with master and his wife and father.  We played all day, and for days and days and days, like I did when I was a puppy.  But now I wasn't tired, and nothing hurt, and master was happy.  I don't know how we got to this wonderful place, but I knew where I was.

Home.


Her hand trembles as it strokes my head. 

I can feel the blood flowing weakly through her skin, and I look up at her with concern, my eyes wide. She says something strange, I can never understand her, but her smile lights  up my world. 

I let out a little bark of excitement and wag my tail. She loves it when I wag my tail. I get the reaction I wanted, and her smile widens, and she begins to stroke me even more. 

After an eternity she stops. I howl my disappointment but she doesn't continue. She tries to get on her two feet, that's how they normally walk, but rises and then sits back down. Perhaps she decided to play after all?

My tail begins to wag and excitement fills me once more. But when I look at her I find though that she's not smiling. Instead there's a grimace on her face, she's in pain.

Worry shoots through me, and I jump on to her chair, and begin to lick her. Usually this gets a laugh out of her, but she can only manage a weak smile. 

*It's okay,* I tell myself. She's been sick before. Like that one time she was in bed for a one sunrise, and when she was in that scary place with the white walls and beds for 3 sunrises. She always came back, she's always okay. 

I whine a little, mostly to reassure myself, but I just can't shake the feeling that there's something wrong, something wrong with *her.* 

Suddenly I feel the muscles under her skin contract. Oh no. I don't know exactly how, but I knew something was wrong. Something even licking couldn't help. She started breathing in short gasps. I had to get help, find someone. I began to run around her very large kennel, barking as loud as I could. The doors were locked so I couldn't go outside. But someone had to hear me...someone had to help. 

After several minutes of this, no one arrived, and then I heard it. Heard her. 

She was calling my name. 

Softly yes, but my hearing is sharp. I heard her. I ran to her, and jumped on her soft chair and licked her. There was some bad tasting water near her nose and eyes. She was weak, very weak, her breaths were getting shallower and shallower. She said something again, but her words didn't really matter. I could tell by the smile and her sad looking eyes what was about to happen. 

Even though everything I knew told me it couldn't. Humans were supposed to live for centuries, so why now? Why me? She had looked after me and my dad and his dad and his mom and on and on. Why did I have to see her die, and why couldn't I do anything?   

But despite the despair I felt I stayed strong for her. I pressed up to her and licked her as her breaths got shallower and shallower, as her hand stroking my head got weaker and weaker. 

She had taken care of my family for seven generations, the least I could do was stay with her in her last few minutes.

***

(Minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


“C’mere, Miss.”

My tail wags reflexively, but I don’t move. I lay with my head in my human’s lap, her long-toed paw curled like a bird foot in the warm spot under my ear. My human’s pup’s pup pats me on the side, and I shift a little so she can get to my belly. I wag my tail once, twice, in great lazy thumps.

“C’mere,” she repeats, baring her teeth and then reaching to tug at my collar. I whine, and she stops. Her teeth disappear. She makes more sounds, but I don’t listen; she’s not going to say anything I understand, anyway, other than my name and “don’t.”

My human’s paw tightens and she coughs, loudly, with the rasp of fresh-clipped nails on hard gray ground. I whine again and nose her side. I wag my tail for her, but she doesn’t seem to see. Her eyes have taken the milky white my mother’s eyes did before she was taken away. Her short fur, what little she has, is almost colorless.

Pup-pup sighs and she stands up on legs I remember my mom saying she used to knock out from under her when she was actually puppy size. She isn’t anymore, and hasn’t been for as long as I’ve been alive. 

I nudge my human again, and Pup-pup reaches to take my collar.

I whine and I twist, but she says “No,” and hauls me off the bed. I shake her off and jump back up and throw myself across my human. Pup-pup shouts “No!” with panic and I flatten against my human.

She coughs again and I lick her chin.

“C’mon, girl. Don’t-” Pup-pup starts, and I look at her. Her voice has changed. It was brittle before, but it’s hitched the way humans’ voices do before their eyes leak. My humans, because Pup-pup is mine, too, even if this human under my paws is most my human, have always buried their short muzzles into my shoulder when the eye-leaks start. 

“Missy,” she says again. I look between her and my human; her breathing has gotten worse. “Missy, come,” Pup-pup says and when she pulls on my collar, I move to the floor—away from my human. I whine and press my chest against the side of the bed, but I can’t reach her.

Pup-pup takes my place beside her. There’s room enough for us both, but I don’t think she’d appreciate it. Instead, I place my chin on the blanket and watch.

Pup-pup takes hold of my human’s bird-like paw and holds it between her young ones. She inhales sharply, and on the exhales says, “I love you. I’ll Miss you-”

My human exhales.

My human’s pup walks in with her mate. In his paw is my leash. I ignore him when he hooks it to my collar and tugs once, lightly. I grunt, and he tugs again. I whine and snap at him. He drops my leash and I jump up on the bed again, moving to my human’s other side and snuggling up tight against her. I place my chin on her stomach and prick my ears.

Pup-pup’s mother places her paw on her mate when he reaches for my leash. Instead, he sits beside Pup-pup, and Pup sits on my side of the bed.

I turn my head to look up at my human. I lick her chin lightly. Her eyes are closed, and I can hear just how weakly her heart is beating. 

My human’s pup puts her paw on my back. I glance at her, but she doesn’t make me leave. I give her a small tail wag, and her lips move, but don’t part. Her cheeks are shiny.

This pup drove the car that took my mom away, when she was gray in the muzzle the way my human is now. Dogs aren’t eternal, but humans are. Or something close to that—like stars, they’d always been and always would be. My human had been her human, had been her father’s human, and so on.

Pup had used the great air-sucker, the loud one I learned to bark at because my mother barked at it, too, to take away the fur that had clung to the soft insides. And though she’d thrown away the blanket my mother had slept on, I still smell her on the wind sometimes.

I inhale as my human does, and exhale the same.

When her chest doesn’t rise again, mine does. And keeps rising, and falling, as does Pup’s, her mate’s, and Pup-pup’s. Their eyes leak with salt-sweet tears, and I tuck my nose beneath her arm, expecting her to startle because that’s what she should do.

She stays still, and so do I, even when the other humans walk out, brushing their paws against my fur. I hear “I love you” and I hear tears. But I hear no heartbeat, even when I press my ear to her chest and listen until men in white clothes come to take her and her blankets away in a big gray car.


I'm a Good Boy. Everyone tells me so. That's why my person loves me so much and keeps me around. My mum must have been a Good Girl too, because he looked after her. And her mum. And all the other dogs here. My person is a Good Boy too. He looks after us all. Small-Three-Leg, Old-One-eye, Soft-Fur, and me. They call me Loud-Bark. But our person calls us all different names. He calls me Max. I like that name the best.

I don't know my person's name. Their language is a secret. I only know a few words. My favourites are ''walkies'', ''ball'' and ''dinner''. But my *most favourite* is ''Good Boy''.

I'm a Good Boy.


My person isn't here right now and I'm worried. Last night other people came and took him away. They were angry people, pointing their loud sticks and shouting. Normally people are the best. I don't like those people. Old-One-Eye growled at them but my person told us to ''stay''. So we did. We watched him go. Now the sun's up and he's still gone. Small-Three-Leg thinks we should go find him, Small-Three-Leg is the bravest. So we're going to go find our person. Old-One-Eye has opened a hole in the fence. Old-One-Eye is big and strong. He thinks these people smell like the people who made him One-Eye. He does not like these people.

We move quickly. Soft-Fur is following the scent my person cleverly left for us. My person is smart, and Soft-Fur is the best tracker in the world. There are people everywhere. Shouting, crying. Some of them have the loud sticks. They are shouting loudest of all. Soft-Fur thinks they are herding people, like she used to do with sheep before she came to us.

These people are not Good Boys.

We see more dogs, they are eating together. They see us and growl. They do not want to share their food. But we don't want to eat it. It's a *person*! A small person. A *person puppy*!They are not Good Boys.


They step forward, tails up, ears forward. Growling. They want to fight. But Old-One-Eye steps forward too. He's the strongest dog in the world. They know he will beat them, so they go away.

We walk for the whole day. It's dark now, but Soft-Fur says she can smell our person, so we don't stop. Not for sticks, not for balls, not for food. We walk through field and forest, we cross the river. We are walking to where the loud sticks are noisiest. Even Small-Three-Leg seems afraid.

We find our person. He's lying down in the grass, his breathing is shallow. We can smell his blood. He is hurt. He is dying. But he sees us and his face lights up. He is happy to see us. He hugs us all and calls us Good Boys and Girls. Our tails wag and we lick him all over. He talks for a while and clutches at his bead toy that we can't touch. Soon after, he is dead. We stay with him, there's nothing else to do. He is our person. We will stay with him. His last words to me were my favourite. He called me ''Good Boy''

I'm a Good Boy.

The sun comes up, and we see more people. Soft-Fur smells them first. They smell like anger. They smell like fighting. Then we smell something else. They smell like our person. These are the ones that took him. These three are the ones that hurt him. They killed our person.

Small-Three-Leg runs towards them, snarling and barking. They pick him up as he growls and bites. They laugh. Small-Three-Leg is the bravest dog in the world. But he is still small.

Old-One-Eye is not small. Before they have time to point their loud sticks, Old-One-Eye pins one to the floor, tearing at his face. He screams. Soft Fur jumps at the other, latching on to his throat. He does not have time to scream. There is one more. He is holding Small-Three-Leg and runs away.

My person taught me not to hurt the other people. It's not what Good Boys do. 

I'm a Good Boy. But I chase him anyway. I catch his leg and bring him to the floor. He cries as Small-Three-Leg bites at his fingers. I will kill this person for taking my person. I'm sure my person would want that. These people are not Good Boys, they deserve this he'd say. 

He'd call me a Good Boy. And I am. 

I am a Good Boy.


I watch as my owner smiles and climbs into the metal box that moves. I run up to the door, making sure he is secured to his seat. He smiles and pats me on the head, "This won't take long bud". I am guided to the metal box behind his and get in. I hear the strange devices that power these machines spin up. With a jerk, we begin to move.

I see other large metal boxes behind us, some with the really loud machines mounted on top. I'm new to this group of humans though, I have never seen the loud machines used.

What feels like hours pass. How do the humans not feel the time slipping by so quickly? They seem to live much longer than us canines, how lucky they are to have so much time here.

Before I contemplate this further however, I hear a terrifying boom, sounding like a thousand lightning bolts had impacted the ground at the same time. My ears shrieked, but I could still hear my humans screaming. Some scrambled out, taking their loud machines with them. I climbed up the seat to see what was going on. In front of me I saw the metal box in front of us, the one my owner was in, it was in flames. I heard snapping, shouting, loud noises all around me. I was terrified, I jumped below the seat and tried to shield my ears. I closed my eyes. That worked for awhile, but then I smelt something, my owner! He was still in the metal box  in front of us! I could smell burnt flesh, blood, I could hear his screams. I jumped out of my box. I could see humans everywhere, so many of them looked scared, hurt, but I had to get to my owner. I ran to the metal box. Humans were already there, dragging others out. I shouted, even though they cannot understand me I shouted, I needed to see him. Please...please...please...

Then, I saw him, he was screaming, his hands reaching for things that were not there. I ran up to him, put my paw onto his body. All of the sounds around me seemed to go away at this moment. His wild hands finally found purchase with my fur. His screaming stopped, his eyes met mine, he smiled through his charred, bloodied face, "I can't stay around much longer, boy" he said" "don’t cry though, just know that wherever the fuck I’m going, I’ll always love you, you’re my good boy, you hear me?”. Even though he told me not to, I could feel tears welling up in my eyes as his smile faded and his arms went slack. I could feel the shouts of his friends desperately trying to get someone to help him. I knew though, I just pressed my paw into his chest, laid my head onto his body, and cried.


A grey Charge approached me from across the street & lowered his ears in deference before exchanging the traditional sniff greeting.


"The preparations for The Howl are complete, as you requested," he grumbled, avoiding my eyes.


"Thank you," I panted. While I wagged my golden tail in appreciation, my heart was heavy. All the arrangements were finished, & the Long Walk could begin.


I trotted back inside the Den to the door & solemnly lifted a worn leather leash in my mouth. It tasted of tall grass, the forest outside our Den, & faded memories of my puppyhood. My ears & tail drooped involuntarily before I composed myself & lifted my head.


Walking deeper into the Den my family & had spent the last seven generations in, I did my best to ignore the scent of sterile tiles & cleaning products. The inclusion of the smells had been gradual enough that the rest of my Pack hadn't noticed them until they became almost unbearable, but I'd known from the first whiff exactly what they'd meant for us. It had been a struggle to pretend nothing was wrong as I watched our Guardian's skin turn as thin as newspaper, & Her eyes cloud. Despite the knowledge of that Her time was coming, She never once flagged in Her duties, ensuring our Den was clean & that we were well fed & groomed.


My tail threatened to droop, & the antiseptic smell threatened to overwhelm- but I pressed on, & shortly reached my Guardian's door.


I slipped through to see Her lying on Her bed. Her chest rose & fell in slow, shallow breaths that made me ache. I placed my head on the bed next to Her & gently washed Her face. Her eyes opened, & as She stared upward at the ceiling above Her, I saw the sudden flash of confusion that had become more & more common in the past moons. As She turned towards me, though, recognition dawned, & She bared her teeth in happiness.


Reaching up to pet my head, She noticed the leash in my mouth, & Her face immediately fell. Her cloudy eyes looked like they would spill over for a moment, but after a few breaths, She gathered Herself & rose with a small sigh. Though She did Her best to conceal it, I could tell She was in pain. I let out a soft whine, & She stopped for a moment to stroke me. I closed my eyes & listened to Her ragged heart through Her hands.


It was time.


She clipped my leash on & we stepped outside. Up & down the block, Charges & their Guardians were lined up outside their Dens. We moved into the center of the street, & the procession began. As we passed each Den, the Guardians & Charges bowed, then fell in behind us at a respectful distance. My Guardian pulled Herself to Her full height & moved like She once did when I was still a pup, & Her warmth was as familiar & comforting as my own Dams'. Her fur tumbled around Her in the wind like a living thing, spreading the now faded scent of flowers She was known for, & we continued forward.


We reached the building in what felt like no time at all. The Long Walk was meant to allow the Charge & Guardian to spend enough time together to speak of the things most important to them, but we had said nothing. There was no need. Her touch & movements had conveyed all they needed to; Pride in Her work, joy at being recognized for it, & deep sorrow for leaving before more could be completed.


An Acolyte exited the building. He was lean, long, & younger than any potential Guardian I'd seen before. He bowed deeply before my Guardian, then knelt on the ground before me, stretching out his hands. I went to him, & made my examination.


Nervous, but loyal. Physically weak, but with deep convictions. Inexperienced, but exuberant. He would make a good Guardian for my Pack.


I placed my paw in his & licked his face. Our contract complete, I stepped back to my former Guardian's side, & she handed my leash to Him, now simply an old woman ready to move on.


She turned & looked at us, pushing her fur out of her eyes. Slowly, she reached a shaking hand out to me one last time. I wagged my tail, but stayed beside my new Guardian. I wanted to run to her & leap into her arms, to follow her into the building wherever it might lead, but there were consequences for such actions. She bared her teeth once more, then came forward & stroked my head. Even as her skin met my fur, I could hear her heart flagging, & my own nearly broke.


"Good boy," she murmured. "Such a good, good boy."


Then she turned & entered the building, leaving a faint trail of flower scent behind as the only sign she'd even been here.


The Howl started behind me, lamenting the passing of a Guardian, & the completion of a contract for a new one. Each Charge & Guardian slowly dropped out & returned to their Dens one by one until my Guardian & I were the only ones left in the street.


His hand on my leash was firm, & he smelled of crisp winter air & hope. I pressed my side into His leg, felt His heart beating strong & sure, & slowly we turned to move towards my Pack's ancient home as the building's doors' shut behind us. 


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Interest has been expressed, so I made a [Wordpress](https://rhiowrose.wordpress.com/) featuring some stuff I've written.


"You are my Totem."

This is what the Guardian said when he first held me in his arms.  I was nothing but a whelping then, not even able to open my eyes.  But I remember the words.  Totem.  That's what he called me.  And I was his.

The Guardian loved my brothers, and sisters, but I was the one who he deemed to stay.  "There is no higher honor," my mother said on her deathbed.  "Protect the Guardian.  Honor him as he has honored you and our family."

I did what I could to become a member of his pack.  There were other Tall Ones who entered our den, but never before I approved.  There would be times where he'd leave the den and travel for years, but I let no intruders disrupt our home while he was gone.  As I grew older, he allowed me to travel with him in the loud carriage of steel and fire.  The beast scared me at first, I'm old enough to admit that, but I learned that it doesn't eat as we do, and cares not if we inhabit its belly.  

The Guardian showed me the world outside the valley of cold stone and oil.  He showed me the Green, a place of other-dogs, quick morsels, and kind Tall Ones who smiled and called me good boy.  The Green was my favorite place.  There was so much room to run and jump and sing.  The Guardian never did these things, but he'd always wait on me with a smile on his face.

The years went by and I grew old.  I still enjoyed the Green, but we went less often.  It was fine by me, my joints couldn't take as much running and jumping as before.  The Guardian didn't look any different from when I first opened my eyes, but he didn't move as much.  There was a different smell about him.  One that had been growing throughout the years.  Something rotten, but not like a good morsel.  I had smelled something like it a time or two before around other Tall Ones.  Once around an other-dog.  It worried me, but I did my best to please the Guardian.  I never left his side, even when we traveled to the White place that smelled like nothing.  

Things changed very suddenly.  One morning, he would not wake.  I shouted and frantically licked his face, until a Tall One entered our den.  I should have investigated the intruder, but I did not want to leave the Guardian's side.  Thankfully, it was one I knew, the Guardian's whelp.  She was young by Tall One standards, only a few centuries old.  I jumped off the Guardian's bed and rushed to her.  My joints burned and screamed, but that didn't matter. 

"Totem!  Where's Dad?!"  

I knew my name and her word for the Guardian.  I yelled for her to follow and returned to the Guardian's den.  When she saw the Guardian, her eyes watered and smelled of salt.  This worried me, I had only smelled this a few times before, mostly at the White place, but it was never a good thing.  She pulled the glow-box from her bag and began shouting into it.  I stayed by the Guardian's side.  Before too long, more Tall Ones arrived.  They smelled like the White Place and THEY TRIED TO TAKE MY MASTER.  The whelp had to restrain my old bones before two of the Tall Ones carried him away to their fire carriage.  Damn my joints and the whelpling's paws - if not for them, I would have ripped the flesh of the Tall Ones who touched my Guardian, no matter what the consequences.

My Guardian's whelp dragged me into her fire carriage, one that still smelled of my sister, even though she had passed.  We arrived at the White place that smelled of nothing.  As soon as she released me, I attempted to find my Guardian, but whatever magic robbed the place of smells must have affected him too.  The whelp took the lead, something I'm not proud to admit, and we visited more Tall Ones until we arrived at a small den.  This place had a smell, but it was of that terrible salt.  As we settled in, the smell of the awful rot began to seep in as well.  It was everywhere.  I was so scared that I nearly wet the den, but I knew I had to be strong for the Guardian.  It was what he expected.

After an eternity, Tall Ones escorted me to see my Guardian.  He was laying in an odd shaped bed with too much cold metal for my liking.  There were far too many smells I didn't recognize in this den, but the rot was the most present.  

"Totem.  Bring him here, Sarah.  Next to me."

The Guardian's whelp carried me and laid me down next to my Guardian.  I nestled to him as closely as I could, trying to share what warmth my old bones carried.  I licked his paw and he scratched my forehead.  

"You are my Totem."

I stayed by his side even when he stopped scratching my forehead.  I licked his paw even though it grew cold.  I remember the words.  Totem.  That's what he called me.  And I was his.


We are the ones who guard the gods. We are the stewards of their shrine, the gatekeepers of their temple. My family have served them for generations, and been blessed in return for their service. I am the last of our line, the youngest. The gods picked me from my brothers and sisters and elevated me to the priesthood. I do not know why. Perhaps they saw something in me that day, when I was still blind and pitiful. The gods know all things, they are wise beyond our comprehension. They are more powerful than us, not only with the incredible strength and dexterity of their limbs, but masters of great magiks, doors spring open before them without a touch or word, darkness flees when they enter a room. Yet still they allow us to serve them in our small way. We do not know why they permit us such liberality, but the honour is ours. The gods know all things, and the King of the gods, our Ancient One, is wiser than all. 

The Ancient One is dying.

I could not believe it when my father told me. He could not believe it either. But we could not deny the evidence of our own senses. We went to grandfather. He is almost deaf, blind, and he could not even smell anymore, which is a blessing for he has grown pungent with age and would be embarrassed were he to know. But the gods still permit him to stay in his accustomed place, even to sleep upon the Shrine itself, to bask in the warmth of their own presence, a great honour. He has served them from childhood, performing whatever tasks he was capable of, teaching my father the rules of the Temple, and me in my turn. To serve the gods is the greatest joy of our lives. And grandfather has lived well. It would perhaps have been a mercy to leave him in ignorance. But we owed him the truth. He would not accept it though. He has seen his father die, and his father’s father. But the gods do not die. They live on. He shook his head and refused to listen any more. We left him to sleep.

But the Ancient One no longer took us out into the greenlands to worship him any more. It had been many days since he even left his shrine, longer than I could remember. And foreign gods visited the Temple more regularly, spreading themselves out, filling the Temple with their presence. The children of the Ancient One had returned home also, spending longer than was customary, and their approach had not been greeted as was usual by the lights of glory and the miracle of the tree appearing within the heart of the Temple, blazing with light and precious gems. The house was gloomy, lights were low, the talk of the gods was hushed and sad. My father and I did what we could to help them, though we were cautious, not knowing their ways as well as we did the Ancient One and his Mistress. My father remembered the child gods from his own youth, though they had changed immeasurably since then, yet he said they still smelled the same. They remembered him, he believed, and it was true that they seemed to treat him with some measure of familiarity. They did not know me, and I did not know them. Yet I followed my father’s lead, and I seemed to please them, which gave me joy, allowing me, for a time, to forget the Ancient One who remained within his Inner Sanctum upon his shrine, dying.

We worshiped the other gods instead, we believed this was what the Ancient One would want us to do in his absence. And to be honest, we wanted to ourselves. We were getting anxious and frustrated within the Temple. Only grandfather was allowed to enter the Ancient One’s presence, and he would no longer speak to us after he had refused to accept our words. Father and I slipped in one day, when the great gates were opened, and faced our god with bent necks, and a respectful countenance. He laughed, a great booming noise that thrilled us, and brightened our eyes. He caressed us like he always had, and for a time we could forget the smell of death in the room. But then he fell back upon his bed, his breath shallow. And grandfather noticed from his position at the foot of the shrine and snapped at us and we fled, ashamed that we had weakened our god with our joy. 

Those days were hard days, dark days. We could not understand what we were to do, what was to become of us. The Great Mistress had never treated us with familiarity. My father and I may still be strong enough to learn the rites and ways of a new Temple, perhaps one of the god’s children would take us on. We had been well trained, and we seemed to please them. Grandfather though smelled wrong, and was too old to worship the gods in the open spaces, to dance and chase before them as they liked. When the Ancient One died, would he last much longer? Would he want to? 

For uncounted days the Ancient One lay in his bed. Occasionally we visited him, unable to stay away, desperate for his voice, his touch, to pretend, even if for a moment, that he was all right, that everything was at it had been from the beginning of time. But mother death cannot be swayed by hope and dreams. She comes for us all, and to our utter horror, the day came that she took our god from us.

Bereft, we mourned him, father and me. We wept for him, for the days we spent at his feet, enjoying the glory of his presence. Worshiping him in the fields and parks with our dance and our chase, truly alive as we flew across the wet grass beneath the trees. The still-cold morning sun upon our backs as his voice boomed behind us, calling our names, his glorious laugh filling our ears. And caressing us as we returned to him with the objects he had thrown for us, our eyes closed in joy, our tails drumming the ground in bliss. We served our god and we loved him for allowing us to, for teaching us how, for raising us to himself, and giving us our place in the world. We were not like the lost ones we heard sometimes beyond the Temple precincts, wandering the dark streets, howling at the open sky. We were blessed. And now? Now those days were gone. Would we wander now, lost beneath the moon, with no place to rest our heads, blinded by the lights of foreign gods as they roared about in their burning chariots? 

Our god was dead.

Grandfather died soon after. We found him, curled up in a corner of the Temple grounds. He had not wanted to profane the memory of our god by dying in the inner rooms. He had found a quiet place to sneak away to. We brought the children of our god to his body. They honoured him by burying him beside his fathers at the back of the Temple. He would have wanted it so. They spoke words over him, great words that were beyond our comprehension. But we understood them well enough. They were speaking of grandfather, and his love for his god. We understood that well enough.

Then of course the rooms were shut, the great gates opened. We were no longer to guard them for there was no god to protect any more. The Great Mistress followed her children out of the empty house, the children carrying her possessions to a great chariot. So she was to leave also now that the glory of our god’s presence had left. Piece by piece the furniture and ornaments of the Temple were removed. Soon the Temple stood empty, with only ourselves left, alone. I wanted to howl, feeling the sky yawning too wide above me, feeling lost, with no place or duty. I saw father feeling the same, his eyes downcast, his mouth set tight, his legs and tail tucked beneath him. Were we abandoned, to wander the world like ghosts? 

But our god’s children remembered our long service, they did not abandon us. Two of them returned and took hold of us. They led us out into the world. I looked at father and he looked at me. One of the new gods led me to their chariot and another took father to theirs. I called out to him one last time. He cried back, and we knew, in that moment, whatever happened, we would never see each other again. It was only then that we howled.


Standing outside the great room is nerve-racking. Having to wait without consolation while the ancient Hoomahns yell at one another is by far the worst part of my day. But this is a necessary sacrifice, freely given. It comes with being the house guardian of an influential family. Me and my ancestors have served our house for seven generations, and this is a role that fills me with pride.

The doors open and a draft of stale, yet perfumed air rushes out. A scent of fermentation and smoke enters my nose-- I smell him, my master. Embarrassingly, my tail is wagging again. I've tried for years to always carry myself with the stoic dignity my office demands, but I suppose there is no overcoming instinct...

My master holds and shakes his hands with the other high-ranking Hoomahns. The yelling has stopped. A few of them are crying. My tail is thankfully still by now, but some of the less experienced guardians let out small yelps. Their masters glance over in slight annoyance. The lesser guardians lower their heads from the humbling lesson, but I suppose they must learn sooner or later. My master looks at me and I tighten with anticipation as he silently mouths "good boy."  My tail wags once again ...(sigh).

The light of the great room diminishes as the Hoomahns exit, one by one.  The last to leave is my master.  Slowly he reaches his hand to my head and gives an affirming rub. His fermentation is exceptionally strong today. He looks into my eyes with an accepting stare and it takes the full muster of my training not to look at the floor. He says to me:

"Benji, you have been a fine house guardian... The best, in fact. But my time has come. I have lived long enough, taken enough, and it would be quite an act of hubris not to admit that I'm more of a hindrance than help nowadays. Today was my last meeting with the high council. I have my replacement coming to meet you in just a few moments."

It's true, my master is supremely ancient. History records that he is five-hundred-and-five years old (the oldest master I've ever met) but he seems older. I can't help but whine a little before my training takes hold again. Master looks at me with a look of love and pets me once more. Just then a small Hoomahn arrives in our presence.

"Oh Benji, let me introduce you to my granddaughter."  

"Grandfather... Thank you."  

"No my dear, thank *you*. Be well."

Master relaxes. A light fills the room with a warmness I've never before experienced. As master's body starts to dissolve into the ether, he looks at me once more and mouths "good boy." I can't help but cry a little. "Goodbye" I think as he disappears.

"Well," the younger master says to me "how should we start our new house?"


"But are you sure the Master will be ok?"

My pack sister stared at me, nervous and frightened.   It had been three days since the Master had left our home, leaving inside the humans metal beast that ran faster than any bird could fly. It was known by all dogs that humans could live for many generations, sometimes for seven or more. Such was the way with our Master. My mother's mother told stories of her grandfathers mother growing with our Master as pups, but we had only known him as the slow but loving human he is today. My pack sister barked again impatiently, and I was drawn from my reverie.
 
"The Master will be fine," I growled, making my aggravation for her incessant worrying known "he has survived the blood fields and fire rain. This sickness inside will not be his end." This seemed to calm her for a moment, her ears raised back up and her tail slowed its fearful wagging. 

"Beware!" barked Alpha, his massive frame rising from then ground, "There are humans in our land!"
My pack sisters rose frantically, barking up a storm as they propelled themselves to the opening wall. Our Masters Pup came in through the opening wall, bringing with her her own pups, and their pups as well, the smell of cleaning sprays and dead things heavy on their removable fur. Alpha bowled into Masters Pup's daughter, she had barely been more than a pup when he had been brought from a world of cages and fear into our home, and they had spent much of their time together. 

Slowly i pushed my way into the greeting; my joints ached from the strain of keeping my body up, but I had grown old, very old by our standards. So had our master, but I could not smell him on their skin or removable fur, only the smell of clean and death. Their eyes were red as we licked them, and their cheeks tasted of salt. Humans do this when they ate sad, its their way of coping. They spoke in great sobs as they scratched us, saying words of theirs. A few of them I knew, and I knew more words than any of my pack sisters even more words than our Alpha. They said words like "come", "walk", "good dogs" "gone". Their voices broke when they said their word for master "Rick", barely able to get the noise out, but my ears were still very sharp. They were grabbing our neck-lines even as fresh salt-water began to form around their eyes and sobs racked their bodies. 

Our humans led us to the metal beast, silent but blasting heat around itself into the frigid air. We got in as it roared to life and we went very fast towards the sun. My young pack sisters were overjoyed to stick their noses into the rapid winds to smell the world in snippets, and even our Alpha bit at the air as we flew across the land, but i remained in the back. The metal beast had always made me queasy as we flew, its awesome speed pulled on my stomach and I had to try very hard not to lose it and make the humans clean up my mess. Plus, something was deeply wrong. Our humans could not say their father's name, as I could not say my mothers after she stopped breathing and was buried next to her mother on our land. The Master could not have stopped breathing, it was to soon in his incredible lifespan. Many humans lived for seven generations, and ours was only the sixth. Surely it was too soon?

Then we slowed and turned onto a hill. I almost lost my stomach on that turn, the lurching so sudden I tipped over into Alpha, but he was nearly twice my size and helped me right myself. The door opened and we were assaulted by smells of flesh and blood and feces, all muted by a viceral chemical that burned my nose. The beast stopped, and we exited, Alpha being the first after the humans, and I being the last, my old legs threatening to fall beneath me as I landed into the hard black stone. Alpha stopped and waited for me to catch up, looking at me with a deep sadness in his eyes, and suddenly I knew. He knew it as well, and wanted to pay me the respect owed to the oldest pack member. Our Master was dying, and I had spent the most time with him, it was only right for me to give the first good bye lick, but oh I did not want to. Suddenly I felt old, like all of my nearly twenty winters had happened all at the same time, and I did not want to enter this great home of death and chemicals. But my Master's Pup pulled gently on my leash and I obeyed.

We came into our Masters room, and there he was hooked to many whirring beasts with long tongues, hooking into his wrists and chest. His eyes opened dully as he saw his family, but they glowed like embers with a gentle breath of air, and a smile eclipsed his face. His body was dying, I could smell it beginning to fail even as his breathing rattled and slowed and his heart beat erratically. Wearily I brought my head to rest next to his hand, the hand that had held me before I could open my eyes, the hand that brought me such wonderful treats and excellent scratches, the hand that was now cold upon my tongue as I licked it gently. He scratched my eat weakly as the others began to push their way in. Master coughed and spoke words, many I could understand, but a few I couldn't.

"It's my time, pups. You've been good to me, but now I need you to be good to my Sophie. She's gonna need all of the love she can get, ya hear?" 

I did hear, Master had given us a new order, be good to Sophie, take a new Master. 

But I didn't want a new Master.


As I lay in next to him on a bed that is not ours I do my best not to move. He is asleep now which is good, between the coughing and panting he is never able to rest for more than a few minutes. I must stay still. 

He is coughing again, they are wet and labored. He moans in pain after each bout. It is getting worse.

It wasn't always like this, he was a strong, proud master when I was a pup. He was a true hunter, teaching me when to stay quiet and when to flush out our prey. Nothing like now... he is so frail.

They have moved us again, but I will never leave him. This room still smells of pain and sorrow despite the attempts to cover it up with the smell of lemons. I ignore the smell of death. 

They try and take him away from me. I bark and growl at them as they approach, dressed in white and smelling of soap.
"Shhhhhh" he whispers "they are trying to help"
He pets my head and tells me to stay. I do.

His cough has stopped but he is wounded. I will never forgive them. I try to lick clean the cuts on his chest but he won't let me. 
"Leave it, kiddo.....but thank you"

Its the middle of the night.... his chest is no longer moving. 

No....No....NO!

I bark and howl at him. He has to wake up! 

The people in white rush into the room. I will not let them take him again! I bite the leader and he screams. 

I stand over my master, "YOU WILL NOT TAKE HIM!"

But as I stand over my best friend a smell something that freezes my blood. 

Death...

I lay next to him... I will stay with him


The Devil went down to Georgia     
Where he got his red ass whupped     
Johnny was proud     
And he said out loud     
"I'll never be one-upped!"     

But as that challenge echoed     
Out into the Georgia blue     
The Lord jumped in          
With his violin     
Said, "It's time for round two!"

"You're getting mighty cocky,"     
Said the Lord, "Now you're in trouble!"   
"That kind of pride,    
"I won't abide!    
"It's nothing or it's double!"

Well, Johnny tightened up his strings    
He said "Don't make me groan!    
"I'll take the bet,     
"But what I get    
"Is a day upon your throne!"

There came a flash of lightning      
And the Lord said "You're all in!     
"But if you lose,     
"You'll take a cruise     
"Into oblivion!"

Johnny, now you're in too deep; that fiddle better sing!     
'Cause now you're up against the guy who made everything!     
If you win, you get a chance to rule both great and small     
But if you lose, you won't exist at all...

The Lord rosined up his bow     
And said "This will be quick!     
"I know some things     
"On Heaven's strings     
"That ought to do the trick!"

With a mighty flourish     
The Lord began his line     
And his fiddle played     
A serenade     
That was quite divine:

&nbsp;

♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬     
[ANGELIC MUSIC PLAYS]      
♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬     

&nbsp;

When the Lord had finished     
Johnny only rolled his eyes     
"If that's your best,     
"Just take a rest,    
"And witness your demise!"

&nbsp;

♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬    
Rationality that you can't resist!    
Jehovah's in a fight with an atheist!     
All of Heaven's angels start to grieve!    
You can't beat a man who doesn't believe!    
♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬    

&nbsp;

The Lord, he raised an eyebrow, saying "Johnny, you've been cheating!     
"There's no sense smiting you, boy, if you can't feel the beating!"    
Johnny said "I'll tell you what, just save those declarations.    
"I'm so high, I've been playing the fiddle against hallucinations!"    
And he played:

&nbsp;

♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬    
Eating all the mushrooms and seeing stuff!    
The Lord and the Devil have both had enough!     
But Johnny has a question buried deep within:     
Where did he find a golden violin?     
♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬    

&nbsp;

♫ ♬ ♩ ♪ ♬ ♬ ♩ ♩♫ ♬ ♪ ♬!


When Johnny stopped his braggin, with gold fiddle at his feet, 
He saw the Devil smiling with a snack or two to eat.

And then the skies grew dark and heavy like  a twister in July
and a voice came with those awful winds and made a potent cry.

“THE DEVIL IS A SONUVABITCH THAT MUCH FOR SURE IS TRUE.
BUT NOW YOU’LL MEET HIS PAPPY, SON I'D LIKE A WORD WITH YOU.

YOUR FIDDLE SKILLS ARE WONDROUS, LO, AMONG A CHOSEN FEW.
BUT I MADE ALL OF CREATION AND ITS TIME FOR YOUR ROUND 2.

SO HERE'S THE TERMS YE MORTAL
DAREST NOT TO MISCONSTRUE
PLAY YOUR GOD, JEHOVAH, FOR ETERNAL LIFE OR SUFFERING FOR YOU”

Now Johnny was a godly man, but prideful to a fault.
And hearing God almighty only caused him to exalt.
“You know that my name's Johnny and I KNOW that it's a sin
But I'll take yer bet, and you're gonna regret, cause I'm the best there's ever been.”

Johnny rosin up your bow and play like ne’er before
Cause God is loose in Dixie to settle a braggart’s score.
And if you win you'll get to play your fiddle ever more
But if you lose you'll burn or worse for surrrreeeeeee


A young man down in Georgia, he beat the devil at his deal.  
  He gave him a stare and beat him right fair and lord, did Satan reel  
  Now Johnny was a prideful man and he played that fiddle a lot  
  He played so hard and played so much the wrath of God was got  
  
  
  And God said, "Now look here, Johnny, you know that pride's a sin.  
  "But more than that, you're not top cat, now watch as I begin."   
  He could smell that popcorn roasting, he could almost taste it too  
  The devil sat down on a stump and laughed. "Johnny, you are through."  
  
  Johnny stood between that pair and felt his luck run dry  
  No bit of a doubt, his luck 'd run out and now God would make him cry  
  
  Johnny, get your ass out of that place and hurry really hard  
  Cause the rapture's come to Georgia and deep shit's in the cards  
  If you win you've beat the father, son and holy ghost  
  But if you lose, my friend, then you're toast.  
  
  So God opened up the heavens and said, "I'll start this show."  
  Angels sang and kingdoms fell as he rosined up his bow.  
  And he pulled the bow across the skies and it made a sound like bliss  
  Then a band of angels joined in and it sounded something like this:  
  
  ♫ ♬ ♩ ♪  
  
  When God had finally finished, Johnny bowed his head and said:  
  "I get it man, you're better than me, just please don't leave me dead."  
  
  God just whooped ya. Run, boy, run!  
  Devil has been watching, having loads of fun;  
  Chicken's still picking nice and slow  
  Doesn't know 'bout God, don't ya know?  
  
  ♫ ♬ ♩ ♪  
  
  Johnny bowed deeper because he knew that he'd been beat  
  And he laid that golden fiddle down at the lord's feet  
  God just said, "Johnny, you'd best not do all that again"  
  "Jesus died for you--you son of a bitch--so stop it with the sins"  
  
  And he played:  
  
  God just whooped ya. Run, boy, run!  
  Devil has been watching, having loads of fun;  
  Chicken's still picking nice and slow  
  Doesn't know 'bout God, don't ya know?


God came down from heaven

He was looking for a soul to save 

He floated down so gracefully

In Georgia USA

He looked at mister Lucifer who clearly had been beat 

Then he turned to Johnny who was laying by a tree

God spoke up and his voice sounded deep and Stout

And said "who defeated Lucy? I demand some answers now" 

Johnny stood up grinning looking smug and proud 

And showed god his golden fiddle that he won in his bout

Johnny said "now lord I know gamblin is a sin

But selling this golden fiddle will feed me and my kin

Now I ain't got no money and food is running thin

So I took him up on his wager and went out on a limb"

Johnny shrugged and smiled and looked at his gleeming fiddle 

While little Lucy ate some popcorn sitting in the middle

He knew what God was thinking he prepared just in case 

He thought to himself Johnny fucked up beating him was a mistake 

God said "little Johnny it's time to face your judgement

You dabbled in the realms of hell now it's time for a punishment

So grab that golden fiddle and prepare yourself boy 

I'm going to show you how a god plays unlike a devil with a toy"

Down from the heavens a pure white fiddle fell from the sky 

The devil ate his popcorn and said "this gon be a crazy ride"

-
-Gods heavenly fiddle playing-
-

God released his fiddle and it flew back to the pearly gates 

Johnny stood up trembling his whole body had the shakes

God said "yes I know take your time it was majestic

Though I doubt you can comprehend it let alone best it"

Johnny began to laugh Satan though he went insane 

God's majestic playing must've messed up his damn brain

Johnny looked back up both his eyes were now pitch black 

he spoke in a demonic voice and said "that's where you lacked

By a god nor a devil I can never be defeated 

You both have crazy powers but I can never be deleted 

Having you two here is going all according to plan 

Who knew that God and Satan would end up in this jam

After I'm done with you two both your kingdoms will be mine

I see now that my path is clear while you two fools are blind"

Johnny's hand turned to bone, he didn't have a face 

A skull with in a black robe took over Johnny's place

Black smoke covered the whole area in darkness so deep

"Let me show you my style as I begin to jam and reap"

-
-Johnnys shreds the soul out of that fiddle-
-

God looked over at Satan "perhaps we need to team up

I wasn't expecting the reaper us together might not be enough

If we don't do this now both our world's are definitely done"

Satan looked at God and said "sure why not? Teaming up sounds like fun"

They both grab they're fiddles ready for the duel

A team never dreamt about. A devestating duo

-
-double trouble duo-
-
Both of them looked tired they gave it all they had

Johnny just stood smiling he wasn't even mad

He grabbed his fiddle one more time and didn't say a peep

He ran that bow across his fiddle with an ominous Creek

-
-final battle-
-

Johnny boy was victorious he sighed in his found powers 

He'd shape the world to his liking in in just several hours

"It took you seven days, I did in less than that

And you little Lucy, you spoiled jealous brat 

Your fued has caused me headaches for countless centuries

Reaping souls with no break man I'm freaking beat

I'll create a pure world, no hurt, no death, no sin 

none of us are needed were just 3 big has beens

now we can relax and forget about the past

And start a brand new journey, if not I'll kick your ass.

-
-End
-


I see Johnny thinks he’s pretty good now he can brandish this new fiddle
But let’s see how he stands against God who’s work is never little

I was the greatest angel and yes my praises were so grand
But when I went to challenge him my playing seemed so bland

He’s the God of creation and he’s never felt defeat
let’s see how he fairs with a boy with a fiddle at his feet

Now Johnny boy has a sense of pride and is the best of best
Let’s see if he can be the sabbath and put this God to rest

Now coming with a thundering roar God case came opened up
And sitting right next to his fiddle was a golden cup

Drinking from this cup will give eternal life
But lose to me Johnny and instead I’ll give you strife

You have a sense of confidence that none have ever brandished
But beating who one who made it all seems a bit outlandish

God strung his bow up in the air and came a gleam of light
The devil and demons cowered back in a sense of fright

Johnny expected God to come across with a sense of grace
Instead he heard some special sound he never thought he’d face

Johnny kept humming  the music he was hearing 
He couldn’t see the face of God but knew that he was leering 

God finished playing and he went layed down his bow
“It’s your turn Johnny boy, let’s see what you’ve got to show”

Now Johnny was a clever boy and had his share of practice
He was put right here in wonderland but he wasn’t lost like Alice

Johnny simply smirked and told the God of men that it was now his turn
He picked his golden fiddle up and took his stance up stern

He started with a solid song but God was not impressed
Johnny looked up back again and said “now here’s the rest!”

God eyes opened wide because he didn’t expect what he was hearing
Johnny was playing exactly what he was fearing 

Johnny played David’s song that contained a secret chord
Every enemy that has heard it yet had been struck down by his sword

This secret chord was one that God didn’t know
For only the chosen king ever had it to show

Here stood Johnny playing better then ever
God had no idea that he could be so clever 

God know that to concede defeat that he would be embarrassed
He would give up the title that he truly cherished

“You truly are the greatest that has ever playing on Earth”
The music you produce burns brighter then a hearth

I’m giving you this chalice which will grant eternal life.
May you live forever without a word of strife.

Now Johnny didn’t take a sip so that someday he’d move on
He knew that if he stayed on Earth then up there in the courts of God he never could play on


Thanks for reading ^^


Ol' God went down to Georgia. He was lookin' to Fiddle n' Chill.

He saw Johnny on the grind and said "Me and you! Its time! And you best make it ill!"

Floating head called a Cromulon happened along, said "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT."

And Charlie said "I'll Hank Hill your ass any day, lemme me tell you what."



God says "I bet you didn't know it, but I'm a deity, too.

I once made a bush catch fire, thats the lit shit that I do..

Now you play a pretty good fiddle, Charmander, but thoughts and prayers are due.

I'm hardcore perched atop the skulls of millions! How many wars were started over you?"



The boy said, "My name's Johnny, and it might be a sin,

But I just wiped my ass with one fictional character and I can pretend to do it again."



Johnny, sharpen up that edge and make sure the drop is hard.

Because this song is copywrit protected under Georgia's laws..

And if you win you get this shiny fiddle made of gold,

Remember that episode where Bart sold Milhouse his soul?



God opened up with heavy bass and he said, "My shit on fleek, yo."

And fire flew from his turntable as he gave it the People's Elbow.

And he pranced across the stage like Night Man making an evil hiss.

Followed by some shoddy choreography and it looked something like shit.


Devil sat in Georgia sad because no soul to steal

Johnny gloated and boasted mr devil how’s it feel?

All the sudden the clouds parted and a golden road appeared. A white bearded man with an angel band started coming near 

God put his hand on Johnny’s shoulder and said I’m proud of you my son but your next challenge is a little tougher don’t you know I’m number one 

And he said unto him you play first my child Johnny exited to play his new shiny fiddle started going wild he hit all the notes and played one hell of a song but before he could finish the lord started riffing on his fiddle and the angels all sang along 

Run along Moses to the top of that hilllllll the devils back in Georgia and hes makin dealllllllls 

Granny does the lord smite yes in deeeeeeeeeeed 

Giving salvation to those in neeeeeeeeeeed 

For he loved the world so much he gave his only sonnnnnnnnnnn 

Told you Johnny I’m number oneeeeeeeeeeeeee 

When the holy father finished and put his fiddle back in his case 

He took one look back at the wicked smile on the devils face 

Because he knew that the devil would give him his due 

Johnny didn’t have the words to say other than “well, I guess that makes me number two.”


The Lord came down to Georgia, he was trying to track the devil down. He was in a bind but catching up since the devil escaped hell. 

When he came across the devil pouting and whining over a loss, he zapped himself right down sayin: “Boy let me tell you what: Now I bet you didn’t know it, but you just won the devil’s soul, and if you’d care to live with me you’ll give it up right here. You play a pretty good fiddle son, and I’ll give you one above, but lay it down right now else I’ll have to take you on”.

The boy said: “My names Johnny and I know now that it’s a sin, but I’ll take you on you son of a gun ‘cuz I’m the best there’s ever been. 

Johnny rosin up your bow and play your fiddle hard, ‘cos the lords upset in Georgia and he made the fucking cards. And if you win you get to take that fiddle back home now, but if you lose The Lord’ll crush your soul! 

The lord made his own fiddle o’ gold sayin “it’s time to get this on!”, and light came from the fiddle, n’ took the shape of his bow. When he pulled the bow across the strings and it sounded just like bliss, but no band of angels joined in, ‘cuz he knew he could handle this.  

(Fiddle music)

When His God finished, Johnny said “Yup you’re better than me old man, I realize I’ve made a huge mistake in trying to take you down.” Johnny didn’t get a choice in playin against him now, when Johnny’s own fiddle came to life it started to break down. He played:

(Fiddle music)
- 
God’s on the mountain, run Johnny run! God made the house of the rising sun. Chicken in a bread pan picking out dough, devil does your dog bite? No child no. 
-

Johnny bowed his head because he knew that he’d been beat, and he laid his life down on the ground at God’s feet. The Lord said “Johnny just stand on up you know you’re still my son! Yes you tried and you were beat by pride but at least one of us won.” 

(Fiddle music)
- 
God’s on the mountain, run Johnny run! He made the house of the rising sun. Chicken in a bread pan picking out dough, devil does your dog bite? No child no. 
-
(Fiddle music)


Smoke leaves the barrel of his gun as we stare down at my wallet, which is currently writhing on the ground like a fish out of water. A bullet hole has pierced through its leather shell and punctured the credit card within. I internally wince at the loss; that was authentic leather. 

Nonchalantly, the man reloads his revolver, flicking the cylinder out. "You're welcome," he says, gruffly. 

"What the fuck, man? Why did you just shoot my wallet? And why is it moving?" 

He pulls his wide-brim hat up, fixing me with one of the dark eyes resting underneath. "Mimic," he says, as if the word alone will solve everything.

"What?"

"You heard me. Mimics. Imposters; impersonators. They take any inanimate form they can find, trying to trick people into opening them." 

I open my mouth to retort, but he shuts me up by simply jabbing his gun in the direction of my wallet. I spare it a glance, and see that a viscous, black liquid oozes from the bullet hole within it. Its ends rise and fall, as if breathing, and suddenly I notice the thin white ivory lining its edges - almost too small for an untrained eye to see. Teeth, and rows upon rows of them. Sharpened and blood-flecked. 

"What the fuc-" 

"Next time you opened it, you'd have been in for a nasty surprise, kid." 

His head cocks back, and I hear a suppressed gasp of surprise follow. His casual demeanour quickly dissipates as he dives forward, tackling me to the ground. We fall back in a heap, my back painfully slamming into the concrete below as he presses a single finger to my lips, his eyes wide with fear. "Dont. Move. A. Muscle."

I nod, tilting my head to hazard a view at whatever is behind him. I wish I hadn't. A strained, heavy breathing precedes something purposefully slinking forwards a few feet in front us. Its back is arched predatorily, and I can see each bone that's formed underneath its gaunt, grey skin. The further upwards I look, the more cracked and twisted its skin seems to get, until towards what seems to be its spindly neck the skin breaks entirely, curling outwards like the petals of a flower to reveal an expressionless head popping out; the head of a beautiful woman, accentuated by makeup and sultry, half-lidded eyes. 

The creature growls - a low, guttural sound that eventually progresses into a high-pitched giggle. 

"Come on out and *play*, we don't bite." 

"Goddamn it, I didn't think one of those would be here," the man atop me says, moving his arm from my shoulder to reach for something tucked into his jacket. From it, he pulls a glinting, golden bullet, replacing one currently resting in his gun's cylinder with it. He steadies himself, stance wide and body motionless, holding out the gun in front of him with two hands and peering down the sight, one eye fixed tightly shut. 

He begins to squeeze the trigger and, just as he does, the gun appears to whirl with energy, practically screeching as a golden wreathe of light begins to surround it. The abomination in front of us turns to see it, beginning to charge towards us with an ear shattering screech. 

"Kid, you never saw this happen." 

He squeezes the trigger and the bullet explodes out of the muzzle. The gun proceeds to burst into flame, causing him to toss it out of his grasp as the bullet flies wide, a path of searing light left in its wake. I notice as the bullet peaks miles up into the sky it begins to arch, curling in midair. 

The mimic follows it for a moment before turning back to us with a cackle. "You had me worried there, Paladin. Pity you're getting old; your aim untrue. You almost would've been a fun catch otherwise." 

The man simply says nothing, raising his hands in surrender as the mimic takes a menacing step towards us before suddenly lurching forwards, letting out a slight gasp. Black blood splatters to the ground as all eyes come to rest on a hole that has been left in place of where its thin chest formerly was, smouldering at the seams. With a moan, it collapses to its knees and, after a moment of shaking, its entire body falls limp, lifeless. 

"Aim ain't what it used to be - sorry if that scared you," the man says, awkwardly scratching at his stubble. 

I'm too beside myself with confusion to complain. I just witnessed what could only be described as magic - plain and simple. A bullet curving in midair. "Wh-what happened?" I say, somehow finding within me the strength to summon my meek voice. 

"Smote the fucker." 

"Ok.... last question. *What* are you?" 

"I'm a Paladin, kid. A healer of the people, in a sense. And we're all currently sitting in a fucking epidemic." 

---

/r/coffeeandwriting

**EDIT:** *Holy fuck*, I just got back from school and this really blew up. Thanks y'all! Part 2 soon! Oh, and corrections. Lots of 'em; did this rather early. 

**EDIT 2:** *[As demanded, here is Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoffeeAndWriting/comments/6n28el/mimicry_part_2/)* 

*[And part 3 now!](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoffeeAndWriting/comments/6n49qx/mimicry_part_3/)*


"Safe from what?"

"The capitalist system."

"...are you fucking serious?"

"Money shall enslave you no further!"

"Dude my mom gave me this wallet...I didnt own the money in this."

"Nor do you own the means of production comrade."

"What?"

"Why haven't you begun the revolution?"

"Are you crazy? I am twelve!"

"You have nothing to lose but YOUR CHAINS!"

"Okay Im leaving. Bye."


"*Bang, bang*, **bang**!" shouted the old man in torn, mismatched clothing. His index fingers were pressed together and pointing at my purse. Then, he cupped his hands over his mouth and made a hideous guttural sound, followed by a few deep breaths. Bad ventriloquism.

"There you go madam," he said gruffly. "You're safe now."

In the darkness of the alley, the silhouette of his hands had looked a little like a gun, and I'd reluctantly acquiesced to the mugging by throwing my purse on the ground. Only now, with my eyes adjusted to the dark, I realised I'd been mistaken. There had been no mugging - just a scrawny old man with a screw or two lose, thinking he was doing some good.

"Uh... thanks," I stuttered, walking over to my purse. "Maybe I can get you a coffee or something, to repay you for your kindness."

"I'm just doing my duty as a citizen of the Orion alliance. No reward is necessary." I saw his tongue dart out and wet his cracked lips. "Although, a thank you pastry wouldn't be, erm, *unacceptable*."

"Oh. Okay, well, there's a bakery around the corner," I replied, picking up my purse. "I'm Elizabeth. What's your name?"

He paused for a moment as he thought. "Derek," he said, finally.

The street was dark and quiet, hushed by the Sunday night blues. Boris' Bakery however, was as open as always. I pushed the door and held it open for my new friend to enter through. 

There was no one behind the counter, but the sweet scent of freshly baked bread came drifting out from the back. There wasn't much choice available at this hour, but Derek was already pawing at the glass counter, salivating at the sight of half stale Danish pastries.

"Have anything you want. Hell, have a few things. I owe you big time," I said, smiling politely. Poor guy needed a good meal.

I hadn't really noticed his smell before, but now we were in an enclosed space, Derek's strange odour was becoming prominent. But it wasn't the smell of body odour or urine. It was something else. Something I recognised but couldn't put my finger on. Maybe a little sulphurous.

I opened my handbag and looked in my purse, wanting to make sure I had enough money to pay for the feast I felt certain Derek would be ordering.

There was a hole in my purse! - about an inch and a half in diameter. Most of my coins had already escaped through it, but some were still trickling out into my handbag like a nickel waterfall. But more worrying than that, was the black substance coalescing around the hole, bubbling and stretching, as if trying to heal over a wound.

"*Don't trust him,*" came the gurgled whisper from my purse.

"What the-"

Derek turned. "Ey?"

"Oh, erm, nothing. I was just checking my phone. Ex says he wants to meet up. It was a bit of a surprise."

"Ah, probably just a booty call," said Derek, as he went back to the counter, peering down through the glass and licking his lips.

"That's probably it," I murmured in agreement, gazing back down into my handbag.

"Run," my purse pleaded.

I lowered my voice and whispered a reply. "*What are you?*"

"I'm the last of my kind. He - we call him the Coin Collector - has been hunting us for millennia. He's going to kill me, then he's going to kill you. Run. Now!"

"Kill me?" I replied, swallowing hard.

I hadn't heard Derek moving, but his voice made me jump in surprise. 

"So that fucking animal is still alive," he growled. I turned to see him by the door, blocking the exit. "Well, that's a shame, cause..." he pressed his hands together forming a finger gun, "I was just starting to like you."

He aimed his fingers toward me.

A booming cry of "flour power!" erupted behind us. 

The small white bag twisted in the air, sprinkling the floor with its sweet, powdery snow. It struck Derek's hands like a rock, knocking them down to his side.

"You just made a big mistake, threatening a customer in *my* bakery," boomed Boris, a long baguette in his hands. The burly baker was out from behind the counter as quick as a whippet, holding the baked good in front of him like a crusty sword.

Derek stumbled backward as the blow of the bread stick struck his left temple. His eyes became a cloud of red, and his lips twisted and distorted into something unnatural - demonic, even. Behind them, jagged teeth were starting to protrude.

"Fool!" he spat, as he grabbed a stale loaf of sourdough by its plastic sheath. He swung it in front of him, every bit as menacing as a mace.

"Shit!" cried Boris, as the crusty uppercut sent him sprawling to the floor. The creature was on him in a flash, sinking his teeth deep into the baker's forehead; a mist of red exploded to the ceiling.

I grabbed a hot cross bun from the shelf and flung it at the monster, hoping the religious symbol would somehow wound it - but it bounced off its back, seemingly causing little harm at all.
 
"Run!" screamed my purse.

"Your coin pouch is right, lady - I can't hold him off much longer!" screamed Boris, his arms flailing hopelessly as he struggled against the creature. The smell of blood and flour mingled perversely in the air.  "**Run!**"

The bell jangled behind me as I fled into the street; Boris' screams chased me like the wind as I ran.

"Oh god," I cried.

"No time for that," said my purse stoically. "We've got to get to the night-bank before it closes - I've got a withdrawal to make that might just save our lives! Then, we'll repay the Coin Collector, *with interest*."

I rolled my eyes, then hurried toward the bank.

---

*:|*


He threw my wallet on the ground, and shot it until his magazine was empty, every shot made my head jerk back. He then threw the gun on the ground near my wallet, my eyes were narrowed, I was furious.

"Why the hell did you do that? Now I have to request a new ID and credit card."

The man looked up, the hood of his coat rendered a shadow on his face. "I'm sorry my beloved son. Fake leather produces rash on your skin."

"Beloved son? What are you talking about, who are you?"

He removed his hood and I couldn't believe my eyes. In front of me stood Gabe Logan Newell, the creator of Valve Corporation and Steam. "I'm so sorry..." he began to cry, "I'm so sorry that I destroyed your wallet."


I stared at the man. His grizzled features only made his eyes more striking - this man had seen some shit. I felt myself shaking. 

"What the hell was that?" I blurted out, looking at the remains of my wallet. There was a thick, purplish ooze bleeding out of the leather. Teeth lined the edges.

“Better if you don’t know,” he said, looking from side to side, gun still drawn. “I doubt you’ll even believe me, even after what you just saw.”

I stared at the creature that was once my wallet. 

"Try me."

He sighed, putting his gun away. "Ok. But not here. It's not safe."

The man led us into a nearby bar, ordering two drinks before we sat down. I was still shaking, but he was as calm as an ocean breeze. 

"Ever heard of capitalism? Consumerism?" he asked, not a hint of irony in his voice. 

"I believe I've heard the terms, yes," I replied, trying to not sound sarcastic. 

"We're living in a society that worships *things*. Ownership. Materials. Goods, that are supposed to make us so happy. Then why are we all so fucking depressed?"

I said nothing, motioning for him to continue. 

"Well, they're coming alive. There's some kind of global consciousness that's bringing them into power - we're creating them. And they're feeding off us... more and more, they're feeding off our urge for *more*."

"How did you find out about this?"

"The hard way," he replied, taking a massive swig from his drink. "Never been a much of a buyer myself. Feels like I'm the only one that can see it, this virus that's feeding off of us. That's taking over us."

I took some time to process it all. I felt a fear deep in my gut, gnawing away at me.

"How did you know my wallet was one of them?" I asked.

He finished the last of his drink, then stared at me. 

"Son, I'm not sure if you understand - *every wallet is one of them*."

****

Part II will come soon, if there's any interest <3


Cries of help bounced up the dirty concrete walls and through the rusty fire escapes. Thick drops of acid rain fell from the gray, polluted sky, pattering against my umbrella. It took a last drag and stubbed out my cigarette.

The alley was like any other in this godforsaken city – windowless, filled with garbage containers, and with graffiti like old fading tattoos. Popping the holster open, I placed my hand on the wooden grip and strode into the alley.

Cornered at the very end of the alley, a dainty dame was fending off a small leathery attacker with wide swings of her vanity bag. She was a real looker too – plump in the right places, a dolly face framed by streaks of golden hair, and long, lithe gams wrapped in dark nylon.

I glanced at the tiny leather creature on the wet ground, bouncing up and down, yelping and growling. This was the third one I’d come across this week. Disgusting little critters with razor sharp teeth – they’d rip you right open in your sleep.

Carefully, I pulled out my roscoe, opening the reserve box – two slugs ought to be enough. 

“Ma’am, step away from the wallet.”

She glanced at me, her blue eyes wide in terror. She was a green one – some upper-class bim, lost on the wrong side of the train tracks. She took a step back, almost tripping over one of her shoes that she had dropped in the battle.

Two quick ones. The loud echoes climbed the walls. I spun the revolver around my finger and placed it back in the holster. The heel of my boot came down on the smoking remains of the wallet.

“Thanks,” she mumbled and crouched down, strapping her shoe back on, and then started to pick up the items that had fallen out of her bag.

“Breeze,” I said and nodded at the street. “This ain’t no place for frails and old men.”

She managed a scowl despite her shivers and dripping wet face. 

“Do you mind?” she asked, looking expectantly at my umbrella.

“Uh-huh,” I muttered and started lighting a new cig.

“Please?”

I took a drag, shrugged, and then shifted a couple of feet toward her, covering her from the rain. Even through the smell of my cigarette, I caught a whiff of her expensive perfume.

“You smoke?”

“Gods no,” she said and finally got up. “Can you take me to Caledonia Plaza?”

“Do I look like a flivver chauff’?”

“You look like a criminal,” she said briskly.

“And you, like a dish – what’s your doings in Low York? Long way from home, aren’t you?”

She didn’t have time to answer before another cry rang out from across the street. I cursed through my teeth, which made her wince. I put the umbrella in her hand and emptied the used shells of my roscoe in the gutter.

“Don’t you dare run off with my umbrella,” I muttered and crossed the street while reloading.

Son of a bitternut grifter – I’d have to pay a visit to Masperoni after this.

****
r/Lilwa_Dexel


The wallet was still twitching, its faint whine gradually fading away. Leah gaped at it as the man grinned at her, twirling his gun nonchalantly. 

"You're safe now," he began to say, then winced as the weapons slipped from his fingers and clattered to the ground. 

"Blasted things..." he muttered, blushing as he picked it up. "Erm, sorry for scaring you, ma'am. I'm...uh, from the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, no need to be frightened."

She was still trying to think of a reply to this extraordinary statement when another man slipped into the alley, giving the one carrying the gun a withering look.

"No need to make up some stupid story, she's a muggle, moron. Hell, why don't you go ahead and tell her everything? We'll obliviate her, anyway. Is this the wallet?"

"Yep, just saw her buy it from that dodgy second-hand shop. No idea how it ended up there, but it's the very same one that half-giant gave him years ago. Can you believe it? It's traveled a long way," his friend said, picking up the wallet reverently.  The other man stared at the hole in the wallet in outrage.

"You *shot* it? Graham, for the millionth time, our clients pay for the goods *untarnished*. They want the items he touched exactly as they were!"

"It was still his, they'll pay, Mark!" Graham said sulkily. "Pay for anything, they will. Bunch of nutters, thinking he's some god just 'cause he killed You-Know-Who. Paid a sack of galleons for that old broomstick they thought was his old Cleansweep Seven, didn't they, even though it was just a regular old Muggle broom, never even bothered to test it - "

Leah began edging out of the alleyway as they continued to argue.

"Yes, but this is the real deal, nitwit," Mark said. "It made a sound when you shot it! It'll demand a high price, mark my words. The muggle's getting away, by the way."

Graham turned to her before she could escape the alley completely, pulling something from his pocket and pointing it at her.

"Obliviate!"

They stared guiltily down at Leah afterwards. She was giggling softly where she lay slumped against the wall.

"Didn't mean to do that, exactly," Graham said. "Wand's never been right since they snapped it."

Mark brightened suddenly. "Hey, that reminds me. What do you say we expand? Start looking for objects that belonged to the other two, as well? I know for a fact that Weasley had a dysfunctional wand at some point. Wonder where it'll be now..."

"Haven't got a clue, but yeah - let's do it," Graham said. "It'll be good practice for when we go after the *other* wand. Think of the price we could demand..."

 Mark sighed at the greed in his voice. "Price? You're so short-sighted, sometimes. Did you lose your ambition when they expelled you, too? No, when we find wherever he hid it, that's the one thing we'll keep for ourselves. No matter how much some crazed fan offers for it...that wand is mi - uhm, ours. C'mon, we've got to get going, just leave her here. That shot you took is bound to attract people."

Their footsteps faded, their conversation growing softer as they hurried from the alley, sparing Leah one last, guilty look before they joined the crowd on the streets. 

She was still laughing uncontrollably, trying to remember the details of her funny dream.


*Calm down*, I think to myself. *This guy is probably some crazy psycho who escaped from some hospital somewhere and somehow got himself a gun and shot my wallet. Yep, perfectly normal state of affairs here. Glad he's not a mugger!*
 
I watch as the man engaged the safety, and began explaining his actions, as he pocketed his gun behind him.
 
"You may not know it ma'am, but you were in terrible danger just now. That thing you though was a wallet there? That was a witch's familiar. It was probably going to lead you to its mistress' lair, where your soul would have been absorbed as essence."
 
I wondered if I heard him right. Then again, he did just shoot my wallet. 
 
"Um, witches?"
 
"Yep, witches. They've hidden themselves in normal society, but yeah they exist. They feed on the souls of innocent citizens like yourself, usually by leading them to their lair by influencing their victims with their familiars. Why do you think you're even in this dark alley in the first place?"
 
I took a glance around me. This place *was* kind of seedy. Guess it didn't fit my obviously lady-like image.
 
"But I was taking a shortcut," I tried to explain.
 
"That's what makes 'em so terrifying. You THINK you're doing what you want, sure- but that's all part of the spell. You were lucky I got to you when I did. Well, they don't call me the best hunter in the business for nothing."
 
I started to sweat a little. First witches, now hunters? Seriously? Damn, this guy is the real deal. 
 
"Welp, none of this has anything to do with you, of course," he drawled, turning his back to me. "Just run along, forget this ever happened, and thank your lucky stars I was here when you needed it."
 
I breathed a sigh of relief.
 
"I'm afraid I can't do that," I muttered.
 
"Well, I understand it's difficult to live normally after knowing all this but you have to-"
 
"No no, you misunderstand. I can't move along because *you just shot my familiar, asshole.*"
 
"Wha-"
 
The shock barely managed to register before I shot him with the gun I just managed to steal from his holster.
 
"Y-you-" he coughed from the ground, unable to move. Well, I did shoot him in a pretty bad place for a human. I watched on as he struggled futilely on the ground, jerking several times before the light left his eyes.
 
I sighed as I went to retrieve my wallet. "Hey, Lotte, you still alive?"
 
"*Cough* t-that was mean, master! You just gave me up without any resistance?"
 
"Well, I thought I could snag an easy one, but he turned out to be a hunter...well, at least he's dead!"
 
"You didn't manage to absorb his soul though."
 
"Shaddup," I growled, fiddling with the hole in Lotte. 
 
"Ow, ow, ow, don't vent your frustrations on ME, master!"
 
"And what was with that screech at the end? You trying to give me away? Good thing he was stupid enough to not suspect why I was carrying around a wallet-familiar in the first place. Must be my beautiful, innocent face."
 
"He probably though you looked like a homeless mugger. I mean, with your- OW OW OW! I'M SORRY!"
 
I stopped torturing Lotte and sighed. What a troublesome day. It might have been easier if I did run into a crazy guy...now I had to hide a body, sew up Lotte, and get the hell out of here before someone came to investigate the gunshots.
 
Oh well. Just another day in the life of an ordinary witch.


Well, that was unexpected.

"What was that thing?"

He replies almost nonchalantly, "Some alien. I am an agent of the United Nations. You understand that I have to take you in now, right?" He seems sincere, and as if he doesn't actually want to take me in, but rather just has to do it.

"Would it matter if I said no?"

He seems amused, "Well, no. Not really. I am taking you in whether you want to go or not." Well, might as well. He led me over to his car, and gestured that I should get in. I did, and off we went, speeding into the night.



Well, it's not of a decent length, but I think I am going to continue this in the morning. If anyone wants to leave an idea, please do. It helps me brainstorm.


For all intents and purposes it seemed to be a normal robbery. I fearfully agreed to give up my week's savings for my life. But as it fell onto the ground, he shot at it for all he was worth until it uttered a sound. A *screech*. Then it went silent.

"What the fuck?" was all that left my mouth as it gaped open. The stranger looked at me and cocked his hat.

"You can thank me later," he said, as he left. I looked again at the wallet, as blood started to stream out of its wound. A gleaming blade was concealed in the flap. At once, I knew what was going on.

Decepticons. 

I stared at the items lining the alleyway, as they slowly rose into action. I dumped all the items I was carrying onto the ground and ran for my life, footsteps thudding behind me.

I made it back to my house, but it was my house no more. All the other houses stopped in motion as they murdered their former inhabitants, looking at me. Then the ground shook as they moved towards me. Why was I getting targeted by everyone? I thought as I dashed off, not knowing my destination. I needed to find the stranger again to get my answer.

I reached a deserted part of the city, all items long gone to start the war against humanity. As I enjoyed a respite against the disaster, I heard something that made my blood freeze.

My phone was beeping. But i dumped it earlier in the first dark alley. I turned around, and the Samsung Note 7 had sharp, vampiric teeth. "GPS tracker," it offered, its robotic face twisted into a smile. And as it lunged at me, I saw a huge red button on the phone screen.

It read 'Pause'.

And with all my might I threw myself at the phone and pressed it.
______________________________
More over at r/Whale62! Sequels at popular request!


I'd never been around a real gun before. All the movies in the world don't prepare you for the real thing. The explosion.

The force.

I would quickly forget about being shocked by the gun. My wallet, shrieking in pain, flickered and transformed into a black mess of tentacles.

"Nasty fuckers," the man said. His words were a million miles away. "Get behind me."

I couldn't speak. The tentacles writhed on the pavement. A black vapor surrounded the creature, and faded as the twitching slowed.

I noticed his uniform. Faded blue with black accents that stretched across his chest and legs. He reached for a button on his collar. "Confirmed contact in Auburn. Seattle containment has been breached."

Static, followed by a grainy response.

"Roger that, expanding zone. Continue scanning for <inaudible> material and engage as appropriate. Dispatching a unit <inaudible> and rendezvous at 0900."

His attention turned back to me. "We're moving. You have any family in the area?"

Family.

Family.

My senses snapped back.

"Oh God, I need to call my wife." I pulled my phone from my back pocket. As I fumbled to enter my passcode, the man slapped it out of my hand. Three more shots rung out.

I guess you get desensitized pretty quickly, because my reaction was very different this time.

"What the fuck are you doing?!" I yelled and took two steps back.

The man stared down. My phone was destroyed. The battery began sparking and a flame erupted.

He waited, then side eyed me. "Huh, guess that was your phone. You can use mine."

An explosion rocked the city as we made our way back to the street. I fumbled with the phone and my memory as I tried to recall her number.

The man's collar spoke again. "Hold position, your ride is inbound."

A large APC turned the corner, screeching to a halt in front of us. The rear doors flung open and a man and woman armed with rifles jumped out to cover us as we got in. I caught a brief glimpse of the lettering stenciled on the right door.

-NSTAR

The man talked to the others. "Only his wallet. All other scans were clear. I also... checked his phone. Any other reports?"

The woman spoke, "We just got word. They're all over. Bravo engaged three phantoms a neighborhood over."

They continued to speak. Words I had never heard before. It all sounded insane. And it distracted me from the fact that my wife's phone wasn't ringing.

"I need to get home, and you need to tell me what's happening," I said. It came out far more forcefully than I had intended.

The man from the alley looked over to me. "Welcome to the Typhon Containment Team. Let's go get your wife."


"Let's make this easy. Wallet and phone, now kid"

Shit. It was finally happening. Four years in New York, and it was finally happening - my first mugging. It was picturesque - dark alley, masked figure, gun aimed at the night's chump.

"Quickly now, we don't have all night"

Okay. Calm. That's the first thing - if I'm calm, the mugger will be calm. Then I just needed to do what they asked. My life was the most valuable thing right then.

I gently retrieved my wallet from my back pocket, and my phone from my front. I placed them both in his outstretched hand.

"Thanks" he said

Suddenly the masked man threw both of them onto the ground, and began firing viciously into them until he began to hear the telltale click of an empty clip.

"What the fuck!" I yelled "You're crazy"

He looked up at me, and took off his mask. All I could do is gasp.

"No," said the newly unmasked Senator Sanders "What's crazy is the capitalist systems that enslave our youth. You're free now, son."

By... By God, he was right. Without my money and phone, I'd be free to live life as I see fit.

"Thank you, Mister Sanders." I said

"No - thank you, a good hard working American. Now if you'll excuse me, I can hear the telltale cry of an innocent Net Neutrality being taken advantage of, I must 

**Your bandwidth has been exceeded, please top up your alternative fiction plan to continue read _The Adventures of Sanders and The Bern_**

---

_Author's note:

I don't know shit about politics._


"Seriously?" I asked, my gaze still fixed on the twitching mass that until a moment ago had been my wallet, "the motherfucking Decepticons?"

"Heh, " came the gruff reply, "I liked that one too. But you ain't far off."

The man whom I'd at first thought was a mugger put away his pistol, strode over to the scrap of... of...flesh?...parts?...and stomped a few times for good measure. The squishing and squelching sounds were a little gratuitous. He produced a silver flask, and poured a measure of fluid onto the mess. It foamed like peroxide for a moment, then began smoking. Vivid green. It stank like burning plastic and mildew.

"So what was it?" I asked.

He didn't look up from the shrinking puddle of goo. After a moment, he bent and retrieved three plastic cards, and a little bar coded key fob. I recognized them as mine, and he handed them over. They had bullet holes in them.

"Looks like it didn't finish digesting everything." he remarked.

"Ok," I persisted, "but what was it?"

He pulled out a pair of dark sunglasses, and produced a little silver cylinder with a red light at one end. I noticed that his dark clothing was a suit.

"No! No no no no no!" I said, "you are NOT going to flashy thing me!"

He chuckled and set the cylinder on the ground between us. "Relax. This ain't that. Just shut your eyes and hold your breath. You might need to be decontaminated."

I bit down on a reply and complied. The thought of "decontamination" gave me the willies. After a moment, the scent of lilac and lawn mower clippings filled the air, and pink and golden light played across my eyelids.

When the light dimmed, he said "You can open your eyes."

With some relief, I did. I saw that he was looking at me strangely. "What?"

"You, uh. You didn't have even a speck of contamination. That's rare."

"Why?"

"Look. I can't tell you everything, but this is an unusual situation. Basically, someone bad exposed you to an infectious agent, but it didn't take hold in you. You're resistant."

"So if I'm resistant, why the drama with my wallet?"

"Seems like you can't be infected, but stuff you carry around a lot can. We can detect it if we can get close enough."

"Oh" I said, thinking of my phone, "uh..."

"The wallet was the only thing infected. If it had progressed far enough, it could have bitten you-"

"*Bitten* me?"

"Yeah, bitten. And exposed you to enough of the pathogen to overcome your resistance. Then you'd belong to it."

"Belong. To it."

He grunted, and eyed me speculatively. "This has got to seem weird to you."

"Shockingly, yes."

"You're taking it way better than I did my first time."

"I have to admit I'm half wondering when I'm going to wake up."

He seemed to come to a decision. "I want you to meet someone. They can tell you more about this whole mess."

"Holy hell, you ARE an MIB. Are you trying to recruit me?"

He looked at me steadily. "Yes."

I held up a hand placatingly. "Look, man, I still need some time to process all of this. Can you give me a card or something, and some time to think about it?"

"Your choice, but we gotta do this now or not at all."

I sighed. "Can we have this meeting somewhere other than a dark alley?"

He smiled "Yeah. Come on."

I feigned a tentative smile back, drawing back the lips of my newest drone. It seemed the modified spores were working as I'd hoped, and now I finally had an agent poised to be placed among the fools who'd been foiling my takeover of the Earth.

Things were looking up.


I cannot believe what I just saw. The man standing before me, straight out of a video game with his smug grin, chiseled features and fancy costume, spun his gun around his index finger before swiftly and easily placing it back into its holster. My mouth fixed agape, still staring at the pathetic... wallet creature? 

"Wha- what, what was that" I barely spit out.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you" he said, casually walking into the dark from whence he came.The poor creature smoldering from the inside out begins turning to ash. All fear quickly fleeing my mind. As the flood of questions pour in I begin to follow him toward the open street ahead.

"Seriously, what in the fuck just happened? What about my credit cards? My ID! My-". The man stops abruptly to my surprise and it seemed to his as well. "Ya, know..." He pauses and turns around slowly. "I think I can help you. That there little friend you've had nestled to your right ass cheek is not your wallet. That's what me and my friends call a Scrimp. It was biologically engineered by team of scientists from China." He leans in closer and his voice gets softer, as if to not let anyone overhear. "Now, a Scrimp can be used for a lot of purposes and take the form of, well almost anything, but only once. That one just so happened to take the form of your wallet. Now I have no idea why, how or where it did this but, if you want to find your actual wallet, we are going to need to do some back tracking and of course, I'll help" he says as he puffs up his chest and exposes a shit eating grin.

"So kid. Where is the last place you had your wallet out of your pocket?"

Trying to make sense of exactly what the hell is going on it took me a second to think. Where did I last use my wallet. Starbucks? That was early this morning. The bodega down the block from my house? No I havent been there in days.

"Oh shit" I said aloud, breaking  what seemed to be a dead silence. "I remember... I used it at Cheetahs."

"What the hell is Cheetahs?" the stranger asks.

"It's a club. Well kind of like a club. Like a gentlemens club." I say softly.

After a short pause and moment of realization, "A STRIP CLUB" he bolsters with excitement. "Woooooo weeee doggy. Here I was thinking you were some introverted nerd" he says as he looks me up and down, "and you're a real man after all!" He wraps his arm over the top of my shoulders and begins walking, pulling me along. "What does a guy like you go to a titty bar for? Lap dances right? Oh no, I know, this is one of those real seedy joints right? Blow jobs!" he says, gaining excitement with every assumption.

"Well kid. What is it?" He says after a short laugh.

"Definitely the blow jobs."

I didnt know how to end this but thanks for reading it. I'm going to bed.


Me-Thank you sir. I just don't understand. 
Dark figure- Most don't understand until it is too late. Everything seems fine until you lose control of what's in you back pocket. Debt can be a tricky thing if you don't watch it. 
Me- So what made the screeching sound?
Dark figure- That was a credit card in you back pocket losing its control over you. You'll never have to worry about it again or the debt you have accumulated as long as you avoid them in the future. 
Me - thank you sir. I had no idea how bad my debt could be. I need to know, what is your name. 
Dark figure- Ramsey. Dave Ramsey!

Live debt free or Dave Ramsey is coming for you


Are you kidding me? Are you fucking kidding me? No. Seriously, are you fucking kidding me?  
Do you know how long it took to discover time travel? Actually, don't answer that. I don't care. I'll answer for you: a long fucking time. Like years. Like blood, sweat and tears all coalescing into a single destined moment.  
Cause that's what it was, man. Destiny.
There's no other way to explain it. Just the single greatest invention in the history of time that, by the way, rewrites the history of time. No biggie.  
Yet, here before me, this putz sits on his God damn throne, making his minstrels play Kanye West tunes while I stand slack jawed unaware how the fuck he did it.  
His face is withered, with scars along the edge of his left cheek. It would look scary but he covers most of his face with a thick beard. As far as royalty goes, he looks like he's had a hard fight for this throne.  
Cause that's the terrible fucking thing about time travel: it's never certain. Like, did I invent time travel? And he's just from the future where I've sold patent? Or did he invent time travel and decided to rule a kingdom?  
Christ, I have a headache already.  
"How?" I finally mutter.  
"Same as you broseph. I traveled through time," He smiles and brushes a long strand of grey hair out of his face.
"But..." I start to stammer but he cuts me off.  
"Bro, you want taquitos. I gave them a recipe and you'll never believe how good they taste. Like, all food, bro. We can cook up whatever you want and it'll taste ten million times better because it's not processed and shit. I've lost, like fiften pounds from that alone. I call it the Time Travelers Diet. Patent pending," He laughs.  
"Actually, now that you mention patents..." Again I get cut off quickly.  
"What about a chamber maid? They will do ANYTHING you ask."  
"I don't need sex."  
"Everyone needs sex. Real talk, can't lie, the sexually transmitted diseases thing is a bit of a crap shoot. They don't have great meds like we got back home. Every chick you sleep with is basically a bacterial Russian roulette here."  
"Listen," I pause because I'm not sure what to call him. I extend my hand, looking for help. He graciously obliges and calls himself King Yeezus. I almost say it out loud but logic takes over and I settle for your highness. "What century are you from, exactly?"   
"Same as yours, bro," He smiles.  
"Ok, what century am I from?" I question him. Trying to figure out his game. He just smiles. It's an odd smile. The kind you get when you've just said something witty and can't contain your pride.  
That's when it clicks.  
No. No. No. No. I find myself saying it out loud. But the King just laughs.  
"This conversation is a lot more fun on this end," He slaps his knees. "I always wondered when you'd show up. Or should I say when I would show up. Things get fuzzy. Time, man. It's all circular. But don't worry bro. You're going to have a great time. Scary sometimes. But great. Trust me. As you. The older you. Trust me. You're going to run now. Hop in that machine and race to too many places to count. Too many times to track. But something will happen. And you be stranded. Then it's a waiting game. You'll wait decades for me. Going, hell I'll admit it bro, a little mad. But, great news, you definitely won't get an STD for a couple decades yet."


"...Bro?" 

Leonard stood at the base of the platform, arms crossed in frustration. He couldn't believe it. This sappy-looking, scrawny twit of a teenager had discovered what had taken him years - *years* - to figure out on his own. He had dedicated his entire life looking for a loophole in time travel, to get around the requirements of FTL travel and proximity to a black hole, and this idiot had gotten there first. What was more, instead of using his knowledge to benefit all of mankind, he had made himself king. *King!* How selfish could one person be?

The king, on the other hand, beamed down on him. "Yeah, bruh." He said. "How'd ya do it? It was easy for me. See, it turns out we're in...like...a simulation, or something?" He said. "I'm a little foggy on the details. Made the whole thing up while I was stoned...still kinda stoned, actually. They've got some wicked herbs here, man. But it all kinda just came to me, ya know?" 

"It just...came to you?" Leonard asked. He shut his eyes, wishing he could forget everything he just heard. "It took me over a decade to figure it out. At least you had the sense to dress the part. You...*did* dress the part, didn't you?" 

The monarch stared at him blankly. "...No? At least...I don't think so? They didn't have jeans back now, did they?" 

"No. No jeans." He said, smoothing his tunic. "So where did you get the robes? Did the king just give them to you or something?" 

The boy grinned wider. "Yeah man!" He said, showing off the purple cloth. "He just sort of threw them at me the second I showed up! Was yelling something about a prophecy, but hey. I'm not gonna complain - free stuff! How much you think this crown is worth?"  

"You should really have planned a bit better you know, if you were trying to go into the past." Leonard said. "You could have gotten yourself killed!" 

"Hey man. I didn't actually *plan* on anything." The teen said, frowning. "It just sort of...happened. One moment, I'm laying on my back, looking at the universe through my third eye and stuff, and the next, *woosh!* There's this big purple portal, and I land myself right in the middle of the courtyard, ya know?" 

Leonard stared. 

"You mean to say....you didn't actually do anything?" He asked.

"Nah, man." The teen said. "In fact, I'm not a hundred percent sure this whole place is real. But if it isn't, this is one hell of a trip, ya know?" 

Leonard turned away, deep in thought. He, too, had seen the very same portal - though, it had been where and when he had been expecting it. Though, not exactly - if he was being honest, it had been a few seconds early. In truth, he wouldn't have stepped through it at all, had it not grown suddenly and launched itself at him like the mouth of an enormous worm. At the time, he had chalked it up to a simple miscalculation, but now he was not so sure.

"If you didn't mean to come here," He asked the boy, "and if I was brought here against my will...what on earth was that portal?" 

"It was *my* doing." Said another voice, sonorous and deep. From behind the throne walked a man - old, with a white beard and periwinkle blue eyes that seemed to pierce straight through Leonard's heart. He wore robes long enough to scrape the floor, a pointed hat, and an expression that was equal parts sorrow and joy. 

"I am Merlin." Said the man. "Leonard, Arthur...we have much work to do. I pray that we might start now."


"Oh, come *on!*"

I threw my travelling device hard onto the stony ground before picking it up and clutching it to my chest again.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

"Bro, chill! I've been here for like, *decades!* Was wondering when you were gonna turn up."

"Well that's just great. I knew it. I **knew** you would do this. You do it every time, Kevin!"

"Come on, man. That's not fair."

I stared at Kevin, my veins pumping as anger coursed through my body. The last person I'd been expecting to meet here was him: the stealer of my ideas for years, the guy who'd ridden my coat tails to glory whenever he could.

"Bro, why don't you chill and meet some of my knights. They have like, swords and everything!" Kevin gave me that goofy grin, but i was having none of it.

"How about you tell me how you got to my machine without me knowing first, hmm? I had it secured, and no one knew the workings of it. I was the first to use the bloody thing!" I glared at him, seething.

"Come on, man. How do you know I didn't find my own way here through my *own* device?" Kevin shrugged and lobbed a lazy look around the courtyard.

"How do I know? How do *I KNOW?*" I was almost shouting at the incredulity of Kevin's response. "Why don't we start with that science fair in fifth grade where we both 'created' that volcano and you did none of the work, except to tell the teachers it was all your idea? Or what about the time I wanted to date that girl at college, and you were my wingman?"

"Oh yeah, I nailed that."

"No, you nailed *her*. You told her I had syphilis after I'd spent an hour getting to know her!"

"Oh, yeah." Kevin gave a chuckle.

"And then you dated her for six months!"

"Sorry about that!"

"The whole college called me Syphilis Sid for three years!"

"Bro, it was just a prank."

"I'm sure it was," I said, my blood boiling. "And let's not forget what *was* the biggest indignity I've suffered until now, when you stole my ideas around time revolutions and presented them to the science board at Harvard to secure your admission."

"Bruh, I just *based* my presentation on your ideas, I added my own stuff." Kevin gave a chuckle and rubbed his nose.

"All that you added was a new font! You presented my breakthrough theory of time travel in Comic Sans MS! *You're a monster!"* I screamed, turning heads all around as people looked at me suspiciously.

"You need to chill, cuz." Kevin put his arm around my shoulder. "Life's too short to get wound up, man. It's like I always say: you get bitter, or you get better."

"*I* always say that!" I bellowed, moving to throw Kevin's arm from around me.

But then it happened: a quiet revelation - a feeling born out of solitude. I thought of every night I'd spent alone at college because of Kevin; of the teachers who'd told me off for letting him do all the work in the projects we'd done together. Of the years spent on my own as a disgraced scientist in my lab, creating my device so I could go back and stop Kevin from ruining my life. Every moment we'd been together had been a hellish journey of living in the freezing shadow of his lazy, cunning attitude.

I hated Kevin so much. But now... now I knew what to do.

"You kept the spare receiver with you, right?" I whispered, causing Kevin to lean in. I smelt the pickles and ale on his breath.

"Yeah bruh, round my neck, just like you- I mean, I planned it." He pulled at his undershirt, revealing the small receiver that kept him connected to the future.

"Well, then." I leaned in to his ear, a grin pulling at my mouth. "Here's one more thing I'm doing before you, brother."

And as I wrenched the necklace from my twin, I heard fear enter his voice for the first time; a scream that grew as I smashed his necklace with my heel, pulled on my own device, and clicked the RETURN button.

As I was pulled back through time, the echoes of my brother's nightmare reached me. He had stolen so much of my past.

But I had just sealed his future.

&nbsp;
___________________________________________________________
If you enjoyed this, feel free to check out more of my writing [here](http://reddit.com/r/ihlaking)!

&nbsp;

Edit: Tidied up a couple of typos


"Be ye wizard or God of old?"

I stared blankly, looking into the face of a toothless, wizened hag, whose clothes hung off her frame in a ragged, baggy fashion.  She stood with one arm out, placing her thin body between myself and a small toddler barely over the age of three.

"I," I began in a loud, booming voice.  "Am Merlin, the greatest wizard who ever was, or ever will be."

"Be ye benevolent?" A younger man chimed in, waving his crudely shaped pitchfork in the air.  He, unlike the crone, seemed eager to meet me, as did his younger sister, who strained to get a look of my unkempt face.  

"Yes." I smiled, pulling a dehydrated food pack from a pocket.  "You seem hungry.  Come over here, I won't bite.  You have my word."

The man walked over, jittery, as though he'd had a strong cup of coffee.  *"Maybe I should give the little kids some,"* I thought jokingly.

"Do you have water?"  I asked.

"Aye," the man replied, handing me a wooden bucket.  A layer of algae coated the bucket's insides, home to some sort of insect, which swam in and out of the dense greenery.  I retched slightly, disgusted.  But no matter.  It would suffice.

"Well," I said, grabbing more dehydrated food from my pack.  "I can conjure enough food to feed this village.  But first, I need some wood and a very large pot."

"Pot?"  An elderly man wheezed at me, his face a picture of confusion.  "What dost thou mean by 'pot'?"

"Sorry," I replied smoothly.  "It's the magic word for cauldron."

"I shall get that!"  A boy, nearing ten, shouted excitedly next to me.  "It shall be my first quest."

"Good."  As the peasants piled wood, I pulled a lighter from my back pocket, then stuffed it into a nearby stack of wood.  The kindling immediately caught flame, eliciting oohs and aahs from my ever growing crowd of spectators.

"How didst thou light the flame?  Ye hadst neither flint nor iron!"

"Magic," I replied, wiggling my lighter.  I clicked it on once more then breathed, sending a plume of flame into the air; I'd drunk a bit of vodka beforehand.  The onlookers flinched back, cowering before my might.

"Half dragon, he is!" An old crone shouted into the air.  "And let it be known that Maggie hadst forecast the future!"

"Whoa, I want to be like him when I grow up," exclaimed a tiny child.  As the crowd began to chatter, I pulled a small ball of weed from my sleeve, then slipped it into the fire.

*"They'll thank me later.  Or maybe they'll just go on one heck of a withdrawal."*

As the water neared boiling, I grabbed a ladle from some fat man in the crowd, then began pouring water into each of the packets.  By eyeballing, I assumed the town had about 100 residents.  And each packet had a serving size of three.  *"Yeah.  I definitely have enough to feed them.  And then some,"* I thought, eyeing the chubby man who, in turn, stared back, piggy eyes flitting to his ladle.

"Alright!" I shouted loudly, having pulled a megaphone from my pack.  The peasants shrunk back, cowed and afraid.  "Gather into groups of three.  You'll have to share the food, but there'll be more than enough to go around."

As the groups lined up, bowls at the ready, someone shouted "The king hath come!"  Peasants began scrambling, hiding their gold.  The fat man ran, his belly rippling violently.

*"King,"* I thought, pulling out my pistol.  *"I'll challenge him to single combat, then take the throne for myself."*

As the king approached, I hesitated.  *"Wait...is that a WALKING DEAD t-shirt?"*  The king, in turn, stared at me, his eyes scanning my baggy denim jeans and 420 blaze it sweater.

"Bro," said the king, dismounting, wearing a smile on his face.  "You discovered time travelling too?!"

"Yeah," I replied, grinning ear to ear.

"So, what'd you tell them your name was?"

"Merlin."

"Duuuudeee!" The king clapped his hands with glee.  "That's awesome!  To them, I'm Arthur.  But you, my dude, can call me Phil."

"Sweet ride, by the way," I said, pointing to Phil's massive dirt bike.

"Yeah."  Phil glanced tenderly at the bike.  "I just couldn't leave my baby..."

Phil trailed off, his nose flaring.  He sniffed once.  Twice.

"Yo, is that...is that weed?"

"Yeah man," I said grinning.  "I got some pre-workout to give to the little kids too."

"Shit man, you got anymore?  I haven't been high in forever!"

"Yeah," I replied, pulling out a couple of pre-rolled joints.

"Dude.  Let's get high."

***

Liked the story?  Support me by subscribing to r/Lone_Wolf_Studios, a sub where I compile all my stories and work on literary novels!


"cool, cool" he went on. "you jumped in as well, ha? Let me have a wild guess: You worked on a fusion reactor, right? You are a lonely fella that played a little with the magnetic field while nobody was watching?" 
I stared at him in disbelief, he was spot on. "Well, funny how easy it is once you get it, isn't it? But what do I tell you... what's your name by the way?". "Marc" I told him. 

"Ok, Marc. Welcome to the medieval ages, I am Chad the Great. You can chose your own name if you like, but 'the Neet', 'the Mighty' and 'the Awesome' are already taken. So, you wanna feast a little at Ian the Neet's castle? They have a great turkey there and we can ride some horses and stuff."
I was still so beriddled that I could barely get a word out but I nodded and he continued talking: "Great, that's really great, you know. Maybe you can have the land in the east, we will see. So, what have you studied?" "Electrical engineering" I answered. "Oh, okay. That's a pity, but we'll see. Soo... let me introduce you to the situation. You see, you are not the only one who put this together, actually quite a few people did. And, oh wonder, nobody made it public to all the people and everyone decided to go back and become king... yeah. Soo, to be honest, about 90% of the kings I know are time-travellers. Aand, they all thought you could come back, bummer - you can't- and nobody has put much thought into how they are going to accomplish anything in this time." 

He looked at me. I really wanted to come back. Because of my family and that girl I like and ... work ... and... hm... maybe I didn't really want to go back. If I think about it all I ever wanted was to get away from that place, from the people and the- "Marc, hey, hey, this is the moment where you say: Chad, worry no more, of all the people I have thought of some things that will be useful for this time." "Ehh, no, I haven't, sorry." I had to say.

"Great. We are all as stupid as the next one. Martin the Awesome was the first one, so he is basically the inventor of time-travel, for what it's worth. He just had a smartphone and a lighter with him and nothing else. He told the people that he was from the future and that he was going to bring them electrical light and TV and the internet but... that's quite difficult without electricity and computers and everything. People treated him like a total lunatic. So he just said that he could capture their souls with his smartphone and that he would send them to hell and stuff. Yeah... ehm, and I basically did the same. So at the moment they just give us a part of their food and everything, you know, for free. Plus, we are kings. But we are totally working on a steam engine, like every sunday we get together and work on it, you know, for the people. You must know that this was a rather democratic society before we got here but whatever. We will bring them technological advancement in the end. We have already built a small printing press, which the monks love, and a lightbulb but we don't have electricity, yet... and one king managed to play gangnam style on a floot - people love it.  So... yeah, now you know what's going on." 

"Oh" was all I could say "that doesn't sound too good." Chad the Great was a little embarrassed. "Yeah, we have this theory, that we might actually be the cause of what we called 'the Dark Ages' back in the future... but you should see for yourself, the parties are amazing, the beer tastes better than back home and every lady falls for a king. You are down to party, right?" "Of course I am. Party 4 life"- I didn't want to argue with my new peer group." "Ok, great. Let's go to the horses."
Then he gave me a horse and we rode to King Ian the Neet's castle, escorted by like a dozen knights. My head was racing, too much to process at once. The party was great, though.


Buddy over here looks like Santa in sunglasses and he's wearing what appears to be robes of royalty.

"That is quite the astute observation coming from someone who has discovered time travel. Yes I have discovered the travel of time."

I'm kind of a pretentious dick but making a time machine justifies it, I think.

"Nah Broseph I didn't discover it, but I used it." 

"How did you end up with it?" 

"Ah I shall tell you, but first we need to go to the master dining hall. I must show you the awesomeness of my power." 

He beckons me through this amazing hall with towering ceilings held up by gold plated masts.

In front of us stretches a table that seats 18 or so people and a dozen servants.

He belts out, "We will we will rock you!" and pounds the table.

"Pretty sick huh? Echoooeee."

"Yes, that is pretty cool. Echoooeeee. now we must discuss the subject of time travel."

"In due time... you like ham? Can we get some ham over here!" The servants jump into action. He swings a chair out and plops down.

"First, my name is Brett and I am from the future. Second, someone gave it to me. Third, they said I could do what I want and I want to party. Ladies! Ladies come on out!"

A door opens and in medieval fashion, elegant dressed women enter the room. Bringing up the rear is a burly man with a whiskey barrel.

"Why did this someone give it to you?" I try to stay on track.

"It was a couple of people actually, I'm pretty much a delivery boy for them."

"Oh? and what did you deliver for them?"

"Knowledge Bro. I just had to bring a bunch of books and some technology to this time and place. Now I do what I want here for as long as I want, that's my payment."

"Aren't you worried about the repercussions your actions will have on the future? You could be dooming us all!"

"No I don't think so, these guys seemed to have it all planned out. Any change I make is pennies in the ocean."

Okay that's scary.  What does his "employer" want?

Brett's train of thought shifts and you can see it on his face. 

"Fourth, if any other time traveler should arrive they are to be killed."

Brett rips off his sunglasses.

"And I brought guns." 

The servants whip out mini nukes and blow me all the way to 2017. Now I'm in the future and I don't have my time machine.


"Yeah...but one thing I'm confused about. If I went back in time, and you're here, then my very presence here created a shift in space-time! If i went back in time there's no way someone could have been further back then me without messing up my timeline...so...they're all..." 
"...umm, bro, you okay? I mean, did you just now realize that by going out of your time line you actually are no longer a part of time? Whatever you were in your time is no more. Everything you knew is gone, but also not gone, there's infinite timeless out there, so now that you have discovered how to travel through time, come with me and I'll show you how to travel through the beauty that is the multiverse"....three weeks earlier.


Gloved hands meet in a fist, a friendly gesture instead of a combative one- But the King's are white, formal and regal handwear, my own black and eccentric. While the Monarch's expression is jovial, finally having found another to confide in and party with...

Mine is less so. 

Mine is hardened into a frown, some hair having fallen over my eyes- Uncut after sleepless weeks working away- as I glare at him. After all this... And I wasn't the first? Slowly, my fist unfurls from its position and grips his wrist in a blink. I tug harshly, bringing him closer to whisper audibly.

"Viva la revolution."


There she stood in front of me, tall, blonde, muscular, in a black leather jacket surrounded by a crowd of people carrying guns, my former lab partner, but somewhat older than she would have been if she had gone from and to the same time as I had, but only slightly. 

"Robin? How did you do this?" I asked, completely baffled.

"Well man, it is just that you left me some of your early notes in the lab, and a year after you were gone, that really peaked my interest. So I tryed to work from that. I got here ten days ago with a few machine guns and took over this little duchy, I am currently rewamping their political system before I want to go on, and I could need your help with that." She said.

One of the men behind her said something in old german I barely understood. "What... talking?" Was all I got.

Robin responded. "I just told him that I'd tell him later what we talk about."

"So, what do you want to archive here? How are you going to rewamp this society?" I asked, trying to understand what was going on.

"Well, that is where you come in." She told me, focusing on me again. "I was foolish enough to try to build my time machine so that it could transport a shittonne of stuff, it was as big as a car. Actually, there is the car I arrived in." She was pointing toward a hut, smiling. "Behind that thing. So, I got way too exited when I managed to send something forward that I lost all caution, so I packed my clothes, ten AKs and a bag of hygene into my car, drove it into the time machine and remotely activated the time machine. Transporting so much through time and space was a bad idea. The time machine overheated, I am happy I am stillalive, though I planned on arriving next to Alexander the great. For my plan to work though, I need to get a lot of stuff here. So, here is what we do: you go back and forth through time and grab the things I need and will have all the benifit I have." 

"And what will that be?" I asked, I didn't want to life in a dictatorship, even if it was my dictatorship. 

"Well, we are going to build a city here, where everybody is his own king in abundance." She replied.

"So, fully automated luxury communism?" I asked.

"Yes." She replied. "So, what do you need?" I said as my time machine again started to make noises, then there dropped a gun and a shitload of ammo. I grabbed all of it and hung the gun around my shoulder. The people around Robin had taken a few steps back.

"Protection." I said. "I didn't expect a castle to be right in front of where I landed, after all, there was nothing but forest on the map." 

"Yeah, this was a secret fortress, only known to a few messengers, that made it easyer to take over, at least after I had convinced the king not to mess with me." She said.

"So, what stuff do you want?" I asked. I was going to work with her. I knew that now. "By the way, If we are going to build citys, not here, try to take over some place that isn't mostly nature." 

"For now I need solar power, is this thing big enough to transport Solar panels?" She asked. 

I responded by activating the screen on the side. 

"Dave, can we transport solar panels?" I asked.

"You know, we had a scedule, right?" He responded as my bagpack dropped into the time machine.

"You can contact our time from here?" She asked. She walked over in front of the screen. "Hey Dave!"


"Y... yeah? How... WHEN did you discover it?" I asked, astounded.

"Judging from your clothes... Early 2000s, right?...  Sorry to say I had it figured out in 1988, broseph. Started out with sending some small things back - just a few minutes back - then I did something big..." He paused with a wan smile.

The time-traveler continued, "You know The Lost City of Atlantis? Man, people were surprised when that popped back up off the coast of Spain in 2032, though I didn't really think it through when I originally moved it... My one regret." The age on his face showed more as his brow furrowed.

"You invented it in 1988?! And Atlantis is real?!" I was confused. 2032? "Wait, why did you wait so long after sending Atlantis through time, before going yourself?"

"Nah man, couldn't go right away. Had to find a way to cleanse myself of modern germs, you know? I mean, of course you would - What kind of irresponsible time traveler would bring modern plagues to their own past?"

I coughed, always a sucker for irony. On the positive side, I suppose Atlantis will have a free world to conquer.


I pull out my plasma blaster from the back of my Star-Federation uniform, blowing the king to sub-atomic particles.  There is a sense of awe and shock in the room as the guards still maintain their dutiful stance of attention next to the throne.

"No," I say.  "I did not actually discover time travel.  But wikipedia says I did."


"It's just not the same," Ultraman continued, from where he was sitting in an armchair. "Everyone is so distracted by their phones and their electronics and their doohickeys. Now, back in my day-"

"Rime!" yelled out a voice from the hallway. 

Rime, Bringer of Frost, Mistress of Winter, and current President of the Federal Confederation of Villainy, let out an exasperated huff. A hero? On a Wednesday afternoon? 

She snapped her fingers.

"I'm here to- *urp!*"

Ultraman paused in his story. "Did you say something, Rime?"

Rime gave him an apologetic smile. "It wasn't me. I think it's from outside. I'll just pop out to see what it is, won't be a moment."

She stepped out of the study and shut the door behind her gently before leaning back on it, taking a deep breath. She could feel the familiar weight of her mask clipped to her belt. It was designed to cover her whole face with dark, jagged crystals, all harsh lines and sharp edges, black ice as twisted and as dangerous as she was supposed to be. She put it on.

Rime briskly made her way to the hero she'd flash frozen in a cube of ice in her hallway. She couldn't​ quite make out the mask underneath the murky surface, but the costume was gaudy, the colors garish. She couldn't help but sigh. An amateur, but that was only to be expected - the veterans in the United League of Heroes knew better than to disturb her on Wednesdays.

She snapped her fingers. 

The cube melted in an instant, freezing water gushing across the floor, draining quietly through the numerous storm drains she'd had installed. 

The hero inside it coughed, a series of violent, hacking sounds, and Rime felt her lips curl into a sneer. She'd only frozen the hero for a minute at best. Newbies nowadays...

"Rime!" the hero called - well, wheezed. "I'm here to-"

"Your name?" Rime said. 

"Stop you- huh?" the hero faltered. This close, their voice was young, high pitched, still slightly squeaky. "My... what?"

"Your. Name." Rime said, enunciating the words clearly. She gestured at the hero's bedraggled costume.

The hero blinked up at her. "I'm- I'm Phoenix."

Rime rolled her eyes. Seriously? "Let me guess. You had some sort of traumatic incident in your life most likely due to a supervillain, a superhero saved you, and since then your lifelong dream was to become a superhero just like them?"

Phoenix stared at her, mouth slightly open, as though halfway through objecting but not sure to what.

Rime waited a moment. It was only polite.

When no response was forthcoming, she continued. "Let's see if I'm on a lucky streak. Lo and behold, you're one of the lucky few that get usable powers, you realize you have a knack for fire, and you have the brilliant idea to come here to try to get rid of me once and for all because I'm the President of the Confederation and hence must be the worst villain around, and fire, after all, completely negates ice? Or so you'd think, at least?"

"Uh." said Phoenix.

"Did you listen at all during class? They teach you this on the first week."

The blush was a dead giveaway.

Rime sighed. "Oh, dear. You went off to find me the moment you got your powers, didn't you? Did you have the costume ready made?"

It was disappointing. The quality of fledgling heroes kept dropping with every passing year. There were just too many heroes convinced they were experts on fighting crime after reading a how-to guide on the internet.

"So, Phoenix," Rime continued. "Usually, as retribution, I'd freeze you in a block of ice and keep you that way until the League realized you're missing, but my afternoon is already fully booked. I need to deal with Ultraman's latest attempt to foil my plans. Do feel free to come back around tomorrow if you fancy being frozen again."

"Ultraman?!" Phoenix exclaimed, suddenly talkative once more. "He's like... old, and washed up, and senile! He's not even part of the League anymore!"

Rime had to restrain herself from freezing Phoenix - oh, but how she hated that name - right then and there. "He's also been fighting crime for more than fifty years," she said coldly, "Which you would know if you actually went to class. And when the League decided he wasn't useful to them anymore, they discharged him without so much as a pension or even a thank you. Fifty years and it meant nothing to them. The League isn't government funded. It runs for profit, and at the end of the day, it cares about money. The League didn't much fancy taking care of an elderly, senile hero... so it let him go."

Phoenix gaped at her. It only lasted for a moment. "The League would never do something like that!"

"Ask the League where Ultraman's pension is," Rime said. "Or Wonderlady's, or Crowstorm's, or any of the older heroes for that matter. The League doesn't care. But we at the Confederation remember, and we at the Confederation care - we have a caretaker rotation. The enemy of my enemy and all that, as they say, because the League most certainly hasn't been friendly in its dealings with its older heroes. One might even say it's been quite villainous."

"You're lying!" Phoenix cried out. "The League wouldn't do that, and you're just saying it because you're, you're a villain! And evil!"

Rime had lost what little patience she had left for that conversation. "If that helps you sleep at night, then by all means keep telling yourself that. Just remember to ask yourself why none of the League veterans ever come to challenge me on a Wednesday. Now get out of my lair before I decide I do actually have enough time to freeze you."

A wave of her hand sent a barricade of ice slamming up from the floor, a wall of jagged frost that blocked Phoenix from her sight. 

Rime stepped back into the study a few minutes later. "Sorry, Ultraman. That took a little longer than I expected..." she trailed off, finding Ultraman asleep in his armchair.

"Huh?" Ultraman grunted, rousing himself. "Whassat?"

"Nothing," Rime said. "Sorry for waking you."

"You younglings nowadays, and your nothing." Ultraman grumbled. "It's always nothing with you. Back in my day, we didn't sit around doing nothing, we found ourselves something to do."

Rime smiled, turning away to hide it. "I'm sure you did," she said. "I'm sure you did."

"You kids nowadays have it so easy, sitting around all day. Back then, being a hero meant work! We had pride, a real pride in what we did, and..."


"You sure we won't get in trouble?" asked Kaaboom, nervously picking at his collar. "I mean, I'm still on probation, you know. Can't afford to get written up on any more of them charges."

"There's no crime if it's for a good purpose," said Vorlax, who as No. 42 on the League's most wanted list, really was the last person anyone should be taking legal advice from. "Besides, I'm the one with the dummy explosives here, so Chronotron's going to be focusing fully on me. You ready?" 

The two supervillains took a deep breath, then pushed their way to the centre of the crowded town square. Vorlax hopped onto a bench, threw open his trenchcoat, revealing a neat array of sausages, tightly wrapped in brown paper. The alarm clock which Kaaboom had helped tape to the front dangled precariously. 

"Screw all of you! Damn you all to hell! See ya all in the afterlife, muthaf-"

Vorlax never got to finish his threat. Even before the gathered crowd could react, even before the first screams could rend the air, he had already frozen in place, encased in a shimmering cage of writhing chrono-filaments.

Hot damn, thought Kaaboom, so this is what it looks like from the outside. 

Enthused clapping rang out as the citizenry acknowledged yet another successful rescue by the hero known as Chronotron, the League's newest poster boy. He hovered in the air, waving at his adoring fans. 

"Fear not, one and all, the threat has been neutralised! It's off to the gallows for this one!"

"Wait, wait!" shouted Kaaboom, remembering the part he had to play. They had flipped a coin for this, because it was never fun to have to explain to the League what they were really up to, plus it wasn't easy suppressing the instinct to run, an instinct they had honed their entire careers. "Wait, Chronotron! I can explain everything!" 

The darkening scowl from Chronotron made it clear to Kaaboom that he had only a very short window of opportunity. 

"Kaaboom? You caught up in this terrorist attack too?"

"No, no! Wait, I mean yes! But not in that way, those aren't explosives at all, I swear! Just sausages! From the deli opposite!"

Chronotron stretched a hand into the chronocage, poking tentatively. His scowl deepened as his finger pierced into the soft mushiness of a bratwurst. 

"If this is a joke, Kaaboom, it is in bad taste. Causing undue public alarm is also a crime!"

"We needed to get to you urgently, that's all! And the League wouldn't take any of our calls, our numbers are all blacklisted! Please, just a minute of your time, in private!"

Chronotron snapped his fingers, and a larger chronocage extended to envelop the two of them. Outside the bubble, the world ground to a halt. 

"55 seconds remain, Kaaboom, before I'm hauling both you and Vorlax in."

"Right, right! See, we think something's happened to Vortex Man, and just in case he needs help urgently, we thought, you know, your powers would come in handy! I swear, that's the truth!" 

A puzzled frown spread across Chronotron's face. "Vortex Man? Why would anything happen to him? He's been retired for years!"

"Well, see... There's this roster we have, all the ones who have been given second chances by him before. We take turns to check in on him, just to make sure the old boy's getting on well..."

"How would you know where he lives anyway? His identity's still a secret!"

Kaaboom thrust a sheaf of papers at Chronotron, and said, "We don't, but look, we know his routine, where he goes for his daily walk, where he gets his coffee... And we take turns staging kidnappings, or hold ups, just so that he has a bit of exercise, you know? We think it keeps him happy, being relevant and appreciated and all..."

The first time he had been asked to assist, Kaaboom had drawn the short straw, so the role of a desperate mugger went to him. He had come away from the encounter shaken, not so much because Vortex Man still packed a mean punch, but because he had truly aged, now a mere shadow of the strapping superhero who had first apprehended Kaaboom on the streets so many years ago.

The sheen to Vortex Man's once thick, lustrous hair was gone, and a certain pallidness clung to his skin like shame to an introvert. His mind too, frail and feeble, couldn't recognise Kaaboom even though he played a kidnapper, then a rapist, then a mugger again, three days in a row. 

Heck, Kaaboom even had to pretend to be a cat in a tree once, after Vorlax suggested that variety would help keep Vortex Man nimble.

Kaaboom didn't mind helping out more, especially after the other supervillains started excusing themselves from the roster, citing the poor economy, the need to find work in other cities, family commitments... there were fewer and fewer of them on the roster, which meant that some weeks, Kaaboom and Vorlax did double, triple duties.

After all, the way that Vortex Man brightened up every time he helped someone... that was enough for Kaaboom to want to come back again, the very next day.

Chronotron flipped through the papers, understanding slowly dawning on him. "And I take it, he hasn't turned up today?" 

"Yes, you get it now! Nothing! We've been on Evil.net, and no one else has seen or heard from him in two days! So we thought, he's been pretty regular with his schedule, and for him to suddenly not turn up..."

If there was one thing Kaaboom had to give Chronotron credit for, it was that he truly had the gumption and decisiveness of a first-class hero. Chronotron handed back the papers, raised both arms in the sky, and shouted as the chronocage grew, slowly at first, then faster, and larger, till it stretched further than the eye could see. 

Now, nothing moved, except for the two of them. 

"Come, then, let's go. I have a rough idea of where he stays. If there is any medical emergency, this should buy us some time till we can get help to him."

"Err... Chronotron, if you don't mind, could we get Vorlax to come too? This was his idea after all..."

Chronotron laughed, then inclined his head ever so slightly. 

"... uckas!"

---

/r/rarelyfunny 

---

[PART II](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/65458n/wp_a_senile_old_superhero_still_goes_out_to_fight/dg7qhtx/) is up! Thanks very much for everyone who commented, your support really helped push me to complete this story. =)


"Put down y-your weapon, Baron Munchausen!" I yell, as loudly as I can. He doesn't even hear me. For a moment I think of giving up, but only for a *moment*. The blurred faces of the innocent crowd around us; the towering spires of the great city in the distance; the God-damned air we're all breathing! I have to keep going. One step at a time, one movement of my cane at a time, I near him.

"Put down your weapon, Baron Munchausen!" I repeat, as sternly as my cigarette-roughened voice will allow.

This time, the costumed man turns to me. His cape flaps like a newspaper in the wind. "Go home, old man," he says, grinning. He's always grinning. Why is it that he didn't grow old like me? Life never seems to be fair.

"Put down the sword," I command. He laughs. The crowd laughs. *Fools, can't they see that I'm trying to save them!*

He swishes and swashes the weapon in my direction, its radiance almost blinding me. He's taunting me. I raise an arm protectively over my eyes. At any moment, he could kill us all - he could release a ball of pure energy into their midst. I have to do something.

"Last chance,  Baron Munchausen!" I tell him.

Another laugh. The crowd are jeering and yelling, but I can't process it all. Something about him putting on an act? He always was convincing.

"You watch too much tv, old man. Go home!"

My arm trembles as I reach into my jacket pocket and retrieve my gun. I point it towards him. He's not laughing anymore. There are screams from the crowd - they know I mean business. People run. Sensible.

He drops the sword. Its light flickers, then dies.

"I'm - I'm sorry," he utters. His tights are becoming damp. Something's not right, but I can't think straight. I have to save the city.

"Too late. I've given you so many chances in the past, and you've squandered each and every one of them. This has to end. I'm sorry."

The nurse accompanies me in the police car. She says its not my fault, that I shouldn't have been able to get out. She asks where I got the gun from. Why isn't she more grateful? I saved her. I saved them all! 

"I want to go home," I inform her. "My tv program starts soon."

Her lip quivers and her eyes moisten.


Captain Kaiser flies low, buzzing the tops of residential buildings. Looking again at the gadget his daughter gave him, he harumphed. In his heyday he could have found his way to the altercation by sound alone, but even superhearing goes with age, and now at eighty five.  he could only hear about as well as your average twenty year old. 

His flying too had wakened with age, but that hardly mattered. Flight was flight, he told himself. If he could get to the scene of a crime in progress while beating the traffic, he was still ahead of the cops, ahead of the game. 

And besides, he was still stronger and faster than a base human, and many powered villains. The youngsters these days were nothing to worry about, not like the villains of old. But there were a few who were a danger. Those like...

*Scheisse*, the Captain thought. One of the few who was a threat these days. The dreaded Austrō!

CK landed in a scene of chaos. The yard was huge, and the house, mansion really, was even more impressive. Scattered and running in singles and groups were people wearing swim and lounge wear, and it seemed all were wearing high price jewelry as well. 

*Stealing shiny rocks from the well-to-do*, CK thought. *This isn't her usual pattern. Is it? Maybe... she's the one who usually tries to shake up the government right? Or was that Freyja? Where'd she get that name I wonder. Maybe it it could be a clue to her secret identify. Could it be a... What are those things called when you jumbled the letters and get a new word? Lisa would know I bet, my brilliant little professor. I should call her. When was the last time we spoke? At Mary's funeral? No, couldn't be. She wouldn't ignore her father so long.*

CK stood in the midst of the trapped human stampede, lost in his disconnected thoughts. Austrō made her way slowly through the crowd, grabbing people at random, stripping them of their highend jewelry and shoving it into a satchel she was wearing. The brown leather bag didn't quite match the Saxon warrior maiden costume she wore, but some times function must won over form.

The sky suddenly split with a mighty *crackoom*, and three strangely dressed people decedent from the clouds unto the scene. The ruckus was enough to bring the captain back to the world, but he briefly forgot where he was or why he was there. When it came to him, his anger rose.

"Now see here!" CK advanced on the newcomers wagging a finger at them. "The League has no business stepping in and sending people to things I already have covered. This is an insult to my  standing as a board member."

One of the trio, a muscle bound young blonde man wearing little more than bearskin underwear turned to the captain. The hint of a sneer played about his face. "You aren't a board member anymore, Mr. Kaiser."

"That's CAPTAIN Kaiser to you, sonny!" the elderly hero extended himself to his full height, and felt a twinge in his back. He fought to hide the pain and to keep himself ramrod straight before the indignant youth. Even so he barely came up to the nearly-naked man's Adam's apple. 

"Fine, Captain. Whatever. The fact is you are no longer in the League and have no business doing hero work. Further, if you are so capable, why is it this scene was here for us to arrive to?"He gestured about himself."

Austrō stood watching the encounter since the mighty boom crashed down from the sky to reverberate off the mansion walls. Now, growing bored, she stepped forth. "Ahem. I presume you four are from the League?" 

CK responded by trying to shout "I was here first", but the walking bicep in animal cloth was louder.  "Three. the three of us are from the League. This geezer has nothing to do with us. Pay him no mind." 

Austrō grinned. "I don't think  I should pay any of you any mind." She turned and grabbed the nearest base human, ripped an emerald necklace from her throat. 

The ensuing altercation was over nearly before it began. CK could barely follow it as the League trio bolted at Austrō. She laid them all out in a matter of seconds, then turned to face him, poised for combat. 

"These three couldn't stop me. Do the smart thing and walk away, old man." 

Captain Kaiser, snapped to attention, clicked his heels together twice and saluted. "You fought those three well young miss. But you will find the Kaiser a worthier foe!" 

The captain ran forward suddenly and swung hard. Austrō had just enough time to parry the blow and strike out with her own left hook as a counter. CK deflected the shot with his elbow and lashed out again. 

For over half an hour the two swung, parried, and grappled with each other. The Captain landed few hits, but allowed even fewer to strike himself. Finally, he managed to get Austrō into a submission lock. "Give in now and I promise the League will take it into consideration when picking out your confinement cell." 

With sudden and astonishing strength, Austrō broke from the lock. "Damn you" Was all she had to say before gaining a running leap, and flying off to the south. The League trio were just coming to. The satchel full of precious stone and metals had fallen to the ground in the struggle, and the contents given back to their rightful owners. 

...

Captain Kaiser, more commonly called Hans in his secret daily life, sat in his rocking chair on the porch and waited for his daughter, Lisa, to arrive. She came from inside a few moment later carrying two lemonades. Hans looked at her with confusion a moment before recalling that she'd been with him over an hour, and had only stepped away to get them drinks. "Thank you my little spring dawn." That had been his pet name for his daughter since she was born with the sunrise one beautiful May morning. 

"My pleasure, dad." She kissed his cheek and sat on the porch railing next to him. "I saw in the news you almost bagged Austrō. And after she took out three young League heros." She shook her head. "Serves them right after how they kicked you out. And with no pension either. I'm glad the university was kind enough to put you up for life in thanks for saving the place from The Flaming Khan. Save their necks once forty years ago and they have more respect than the League. You helped found the League for goodness sake and they just kick you out and...

"Now, now. They did what they had to do." Hans frowned and suddenly looked his age. "We both know my body and my power aren't the only things starting to go, little dawn. Before the fight with Austrō... I ha forgotten altogether that I wasn't a board member in the League anymore. And I have to use that Geepass thing just to find where crime is happening these days." He put his face into his hands and began to weep. "I just wanted to prove I could still do it. That with your mother gone I still have a purpose."

Lisa slipped off the railed and wrapped her arms around her father. "Come on dad, don't think like that. You saved the day, remember. Austrō kicked those League cronies behinds and you managed to fight her on your own and win! You can still hack it with the best of them!" 

She picked up the GPS that her father used to find his way to crime scenes and pushed it into his hands. "You may not be everything you used to, but the people still need you." She hugged him again. "And I still need you." 

Hans smiled at his daughter as she wiped away the tears from his lined faced. "Thank you my little spring dawn. I don't know how I'd manage without you." 

...

"How's he doing?"

Lisa's husband, Jeff, had always been fond of Hans. Even so, he had found it hard to face the old hero's deteriorating health, and so rarely went with his wife to see him. All he could do was ask her how the aging man was doing. 

"He's still slipping away, slowly. We exercised the other day though and I think it did him some good. I am going to do it a couple times a week for a while and see how things go. But I'm hopeful."

Jeff smiled sadly. "Me too. I'm sorry I can't stay for dinner, have to go back to work. We have a conference call with Japan in an hour." Jeff threw a few more things into a backpack and zipped it shut. "Can't believe I am using this thing to go into work." Jeff looked over to his wife. "You haven't seen my satchel anywhere have you? The brown leather one?"

"...Uhh, no. Sorry dear." Lisa smiled sweetly.


"I'll let you off this time but, you have to promise to try and change your ways!" Neroman spoke his hands dramatically placed on his hips. 

"Norma- I mean Neroman I'm sorry for forcing you to come out like this, I know you've been busy with your new kid and all" Shade responded.

The Supervillan exchanged a treat of gummie lifesavers with Neroman as they walked down the street. Neroman checked both ways before taking one, his wife would kill him if he broke his diet rule. Shade smiled watching this old man scarf down the gummies like an adolescent.

"It's okay I hope they understand it's part of the job some da- WAIT! No! No! No! We're talking about you young man now you have to promise!" Neroman said his hands beginning to glow.

"Put those away Neroman I promise to TRY okay?" Shade responded his hands up in surrender. They continued walking Neroman walked faster increasing his speed until he was in front of shade walking more dramatic as his towel turned cape blew in the wind. Neroman was escorting Shade to the local precinct after catching him in the dastardly act of J-walking. It must've been an odd sight Shade was easily taller than the old man, and with his reputation he could snap him in half with no effort. Shade's soulless eyes would usually be sucking the hope out of all around him his ethereal mass less shadow head floating on a disconnected cape. However, Shade didn't mind letting this old man and his makeshift cape escort his nightmarish form to a police station. 

"Shade you dastardly, disgusting, deviant!" A small man yelled from behind him.

"That can't be grammatically correct" Shade spoke sarcastically the darkness in his hand returning, burning like the fires of hell ready to snap the upstarts neck. 

"I am PlastoMan, and I-" PlastoMan started before Neroman ran in front of Shade. "I've got him fellow Hero don't worry I'll make sure he gets to the proper authorities" Neroman stated proudly. "Hero's never change always showing off" Shade thought staring fondly at Neroman. 

"Move Gramps let the real heroes fight crime okay?" PlastoMan pushed Neroman. Neroman began to trip before he could touch the ground Shade had caught him helping him up. Plastoman's body had been flung into a near by building both legs shattered. Neroman looked up into Shade's eyes almost embarrassed and, Shade knew the walk was over.

"Oh thank you sir! Must've tripped, You must be one of those new heroes that I hear about!" Neroman responded, his hero persona dropping out of him as his mind snapping to another personality almost instantly. The doctor had said something about this happening if Norman kept heroing about. Almost like his mind would shut off his hero persona if it felt his pride was being threatened, like a ego shield.

"No, Nero- I mean Yes, Norman I am"  Shade hated moments like these. Norman would be here then gone in an instant, with no one knowing for how long. The old man seemingly lost in his own mind like a hamster in a maze. Cerberus had told him about this to take it easy on him and to cherish what was there. 

"I have a son like you, you know? Costume like yours and everything except you know less menacing" Norman said almost nervous-like. 

"Yeah my old man has been telling me I should try warmer colors" Shade responded. 

"Good advice sounds like a swell guy, HAHAHA" Norman laughed."...I hope he's doing okay though he doesn't come to see me. I don't blame him it'd break his heart, flaws of a hero right? Care way too much..." Norman continued walking forward. Shade walking next to him listening silently. 

"Can I bother you for the time young sir? I need to be at the hospital at 6:30 my wife was supposed to take me but, I think I walked off without her! HAHAHA" Norman spoke chuckling. "Come to think about it where am I going?" Norman seemed confused looking around. 

"We were going to Metropolitan on 6th, you asked me to walk you there" Shade responded pulling out his arm from underneath the cloak checking his watch. "..and you've got time it's 5:47"

"I did? Oh, your right I did! Well I'm sorry my stories I must've gotten us lost" Norman said drooping his head like a sad puppy. 

"It's okay Norman looking at the signs we should only be a block or two away" Shade spoke truthfully. Norman immediately perked up happy to know he hadn't wasted a strangers time. The two continued chatting, walking towards the hospital like comrades in arms. Turning the corner they saw a concerned looking woman, her pudgy round frame tucked into a pink sweater and mom jeans standing in front of the hospital. 

"There's my firecracker she's gonna beat me silly HAHA!" Norman laughed staring fondly at his wife. "Norman?" His wife responded almost tentatively turning to her husband. "Of course, sugarbug who else looks this good in a towel?!" Norman responded hugging her. His wife hugged him back tightly, happy that she wouldn't have to talk Neroman down and into the hospital. She stared at Shade standing off to the side just out of arm's length, but to her seeming miles away. 

"Thank you, And- I mean Shade for walking this headache back here." She said holding Norman's hand. Shade nodded preparing to warp away until Norman stopped him. "Hey Shade was it?" Norman spoke to Shade like an old friend he was seeing for the first time in awhile. "Thank you for walking me here, I just wanted to ask that if you see my kid out there tell him to come by, I'd like that" Norman spoke a slight tinge of sadness in his voice. 

"Sure old man what's his name? Hero I mean of course can't go yelling his identity all over the city! HA- um sorry...." Shade said swallowing the laughter. Norman's face lit up his wife staring at shade with eye's that dripped compassion, Shade wouldn't look at her, not anymore.

"It's fine! He goes by Shadowman, Moon Warrior, or something dark and forbidding like that." Norman's scattered mind tried to pull the old memory forward. Flashes of memories whipped past him like a train he needed to catch but, wouldn't slow for him. His son's powers manifesting, the accident that made him use them in public becoming a hero, Christmas a purple bow on a dark box, a young man crying near his bedside, fire cooking his flesh....

"It's okay Norman I think I know a guy who could help me find him" Shade broke his thought process seeing the memories almost breaking the old man. "Focus on your wife and getting better I'll tell your son you miss him." Shade waved them away Norman and his wife walking through the doors of the hospital. Shade sighed before disappearing he didn't need another hero running at him in front of the hospital.


--
Edit: Thanks for the editing advice guys I'll try and clean it up my grammar was never good, as you can probably tell

Edit 2: MY FIRST REDDIT GOLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU REDDIT!!!!!!!!!!!!


"I have come... I have come.. to.. to..." Braur's voice trailed off, his wrinkled hand trembling on his cane. He lifted it slowly, poking what appeared to be a flickering fire in an elegant dress.

"Oy, stop that now Mr. Braur," Chorus said kindly, her voices modulating in and out. "Would you like to sit down?" A chair materialized out of the moonlight.

"No... I have come here..." his eyes began to glaze over. 

Chorus gently held his shoulder. "Come now" it said, a grandmother, "where is your assistant, how did you get all the way up here".

For a moment he seemed lucid, poised, annoyed. "Damn assistant, never pays attention, real busy, no patience." He stood up straighter, his cane clattering to the ground, "damn, why am I here again?" He looked over to Chorus, almost grumpy "you shouldn't put up with me you know, should just fry my ass like every other hero who gets close".

If she could, Chorus would have smiled. Memories seemed to flicker within its core. 

The darkness, spilling through portals across the city. Her fortress, in ruins. Bodies of villains scattered across the streets like so many seeds in the wind. Braur, his body bloodied and his face defiant. "I have come to offer you, and the remaining villains, an alliance against the darkness."

Braur, struggling against the darkness, standing alone to hold "them" back as the villains channeled one final spell. She would never forget him then. The look on his face when the spell fired. His arm missing, his eyes gouged, and a smile on his lips. He had raised his spear.. and collapsed.

In the present, Chorus guided Braur back to his room in the Hall of Heroes. "No, I think you've earned this". The flames seemed to smile. The League, on the other hand, was going to regret not taking good care of her oldest friend.


"Stand down, villain!"

The battlecry broke off with a shrill note as Peacekeeper hobbled into the bank, wheezing at the effort he'd expended getting up the stairs. He paused to catch his breath at the door and leaned heavily upon the frame. Peacekeeper was clad in his signature blue and red unitard, unfortunately worn backwards, so his cape formed a sad looking bib.

Blood Harpy, legendary villain and thief, was choking a security guard with one hand. With the other, she was rubbing her forehead in an attempt to remove the headache that had begun to build at Peacekeeper's entrance.

"George, you can't keep doing this, you know the excitement isn't good for your heart."

"And you-" Peacekeeper coughed violently, then spoke amid heavy gasps. "Can't. Keep. Robbing. Banks." With that, Peacekeeper slumped to the ground.

Harpy's reaction was instant. She dropped the guard (who let out a heavy gasp) and sprinted towards the downed hero. Harpy checked for a pulse before putting her ear to the hero's chest.

Stop fussing," muttered Peacekeeper, his breath shallow. "Just need to take my medication. It's in my front pocket, can't seem to find it though..."

Harpy reached behind the elderly hero and produced a small brown bottle. Upon consuming a couple of pills, Peacekeeper's breathing returned to normal and Harpy's concern began to fade, just enough for her to get angry.

"I can't believe they let you through the cordon!" she said. "What the hell were they thinking! You're what, 80 now? You can barely get up the damned stairs!"

"87" replied Peacekeeper, "and still young enough to teach you a lesson." 

"Tough talk" scoffed Harpy. "For a hero who can't even keep track of his heart medication."

Peacekeeper sighed, then spoke in a low voice. "Listen Jess, I like banter as much as the next hero, but I've known you long enough to sense when something's wrong. You've been clean for years, and all of a sudden I hear that you're lifting from a bank? You're lashing out."

Blood Harpy averted her gaze, and in doing so took in the scene around her. Trembling tellers, pale patrons and unconscious guards littered the bank. For the first time since her arrival, she realised that she was causing a scene. Harpy helped Peacekeeper to his feet, supported him with an arm, then turned to address her captive audience.

"Good news terrified mob, looks like you all get to live. Let it be known that I've captured the Peacekeeper and will execute him if I hear a single pig's trotter touch the floor of this bank. Now get the fuck out of my sight."

As unsure civilians fled out their respective closest exits, Blood Harpy and The Peacekeeper made their way to the back of the bank. Harpy picked a secluded office, settled the elderly hero in one of the seats and closed all the blinds. George waited patiently for Harpy to seat herself before speaking.

"So are you going to tell me what this is all about?" he asked.

Harpy thought about killing her nemesis there and then, it would be so much easier than the alternative. He'd been a thorn in her side for decades, always in the foreground, always putting a wrench in her plans, always in that damned unitard. Always there.

Jess let out a heavy sigh, and wrung her hands together.

"Sarah's dead," she whispered.


*to be continued?*

Edit: Thank you all so much for the support, you've made my day. [Part 2 is here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/65458n/wp_a_senile_old_superhero_still_goes_out_to_fight/dg8m8gi/)


Oh man, we talking about Bruce? Aw shit, I used to watch that motherfucker on the news when I was *your* age. *Yeah*, you bet your ass he was the best. Kinda stupid sounding, *The Bat Man*, but he scared the shit out people back in the day. You want to get a giant crazy asshole lookin like a bat waking you up in the middle of the night? Gotta remember, we didn't know shit at first, just watching this guy jump off rooftops and finding rapists on 4th street missing all their teeth. We thought he had magic powers like the rest of the freaks, no joke.

This fuckin' guy, he made people afraid like he was Santa Claus or some shit like that, like, *like he knew when you're sleeping and awake*, that kind of thing. Ha ha, but it was scary as shit back in the day. I'm telling you kid, *it was just one guy*. Living a double life so everyone think's he's some dipshit playboy? That's wild, ain't it? He ain't like those people we deal with now, they don't got no balls. They could never pull off the kind of personal dedication, hard work, risk to themselves needed, to pull something like that. Sure, the man stifled our operations worse than RICO - I mean c'mon, *he beat the shit out of my great uncle*, but I'm telling you, that is a man to *respect* and ***em-u-fuck-in-late***, you hearing me, kid? You're gonna be Made soon someday, and you gotta get back the mystique, the fear. We can't keep on just being *mere* Made Men, we gotta be... like... mythological. 

(Wow. Those days, huh? Oh, right.)

My point is, perception... it's part of respect. It's not like these fucking robots the GPD got patrolling every street. The cameras. That RDIF shit they got in everything. Which reminds me, we gotta get you to Vics, he'll dummy that shit right outta you. 

Come on kid, we gotta roll. I get the legs, you get the head. On three?


"So you're back again?  When are you going to stop visiting me old man"

"When you're rehabilitated or near enough".  "You know my old man is gone right and he was still an asshole when he died"

"Yea well I like to think he was less of an asshole at the end". 

Max was like clockwork every Tuesday and Thursday turning up at my place. I always gave him a hard time that he can't save me or my mates but the one day he didn't turn up I nearly tore the city down looking for him.  That was the day the mayor realised I could get to him and anyone of his little
League at will. I played my hand and played it hard put 14 of the fuckers in hospital before they found him. He had been saving his neighbours kid from the local bullies. After that the mayor even made sure the league cleaned up the streets around Max's hood so he wouldn't miss an appointment.  It must seam funny this impenetrable fortress surrounded by the worst of the worst guarding its location and this old man walks straight through all the defences. I make sure the boys put up a little show but they know if they touch him they answer to me. 

Maximum Damage the last of the league of legends my fathers greatest advisory. They nearly killed each other countless times. My fathers powers of radiation manipulation and Max's unlimited strength meant they matched each other well. When my old man was finally caught Max visited him every day in prison and some how when dad escaped 20yrs later he found him and still came by every day. By that stage I was running the show and dads powers were killing him. 

Towards the end I told my dad I'd take Max out for him as one last gotcha.  He said "We don't kill family".


The window shook from the intense wind outside. Sirens blaring just on the other side of the door. A pale skinned man stood in the center of a meeting room. Broken rays of light shined across his body, almost reflecting off of his pure white hair. The look in his eyes was both a warning and a challenge to any who would dare interrupt him.  

"I still remember that day. I was around 10 years old. The day the Monoliths arrived. Most of you were not even born yet, but you have seen what trauma one of them can cause. Imagine thousands of them swarming over everything in sight it was"

A sneeze echoed in the room. Everyone turned around to glare at a woman wearing a very dark brown cloak over a yellow spandex suit. A look of horror on her face.

"You have one warning Nomad" said the man speaking. As he began to tell his story, again another sneeze half came out before her form turned to ash. Clearing his throat he began again.

"There was one light in the most darkest of times. The Chemist, yes that is a name you should all know. In fact, he saved me with a smile on his face. Though I doubt he remembers it. AND WHAT..." lava started to spill out of his eyes as though crying in his rage. "WAS HE REWARDED WITH! a life nearing its end, being called a burden or a pest."

The room began to buzz with noise and emotion. Disgust was the only universal thing that could be seen, even from the incorporeal bodies. How dare the Heroes treat their best like a piece of trash. 

The sirens outside seemed to go quiet. The door to the heroes association burst open, a cloud of ash inside filled the air as the wind blew in. An old man wearing a lab coat entered dragging an IV stand along with him. An oxygen mask adorning his face.

"Surrender you vile villains" he wheezed through the systematic pumping of his oxygen tank. 

The speaker winked at all of the people in the room. he spun around dramatically, holding his cape outstretched.

"NEVER!" The speaker rose into the sky, long white and silver robes swimming down his body. fire dancing around him almost mesmerizing all who saw him. 

"I Am Sol, Leader of the Villains of the world. You can never hope to stop me!"

The room all jumped into action. fire, lightning, lasers, ice, telekenitic blasts and insects swarmed the building from the outside. The police were all taking cover. A few were devoured by bugs or eviscerated by flying blades of force. 

Inside, a tiny frail fist hit the ground. A force once strong enough to shake the city, only now tipped over a chair, but everyone still fell to the ground. Sol flew at Chemist fire slagging the air vents above. The fight went on for a few slow minutes. 

Finally Chemist fell back, a look of determination and a smile across his face. He remained unmoving. Sol made his way over to the man and with a gesture closed Chemists eyes. Grabbing the zip ties from his belt.

"You will live forever, my dearest friend."

The following days headlines were the same all over the world. "407 Heroes dead including Lady Lucidity during a raid. The Chemist sacrifices himself to save the world one more time in the capture of the 62 Assailants."

   

Edit: Sorry for any mistakes on Mobile. Tried to clean them up when I woke up.


The people were screaming as the ran past the man, the only one that seemed to wade through the crowd toward the Chaos. It had been that way for years... decades, and god was he tired. Tired of it all, the same ole routine with the same ole villains. But he knew he had a duty to the city, and within that duty a certain pride made him swell out his chest and splash that famous boyish grin across his face that drove the ladies mad. Strutting toward the outward destruction, Guardian felt people brush past him, but he simply stayed the course until he came to the epicenter of madness. 

He could see the woman floating there in a cocoon of lightning, her body accented by flashes of light and a form fitting suit that seemed to hug her in all  the right spots. His grin curved just a little more upwards as he felt her sparkling blue eyes turn on her and seem to grow wider at the sight of him. Guardian knew it was fear of who was there, the city's epitome of hero's. He was tall and muscular, filling out his suit like a glove of pure muscle, his perfectly quaffed brown hair almost always seemed to blow lightly in that mysterious breeze that seemed to surround all his dramatic entries... And that grin, those perfect teeth that could even make the woman villains weak in the knees when they first saw him. It was all he could do to keep them off of him after all...

"Lightning star! Come on now do we really have to do this? The whole song and dance is getting tiring isn't it? Why not just stop and lets talk about this... Maybe over dinner?" He asked him, striking a little pose as he waited to see just what her response would be. 

Usually they said no, a fight ensued, and he would win between his seemingly nigh invulnerability and his super strength and speed. He was the hero everyone envied and every villain feared and he could see it was working. Lightning star was dropping out of the sky, the lightning storm that had ripped the court yard apart into chunks of stone debris that was finally settling back down to the ground. Trees uprooted, park fixtures throw around, it was chaos where he stood, facing the villain defiantly.

Lightning Star finally touched down to the ground, walking over to the Hero who stood there triumphantly and just sighed.

"Yea... Yea I guess we can call it a day... Off to Jail?" She said somewhat dejectedly as Guardian just nodded and put a hand on her side, showing her the way...

Lightning Star could only groan as she saw the small man shamble through the crowd to face her. He just looked so... Sad... A once proud hero that had struck fear into anything that even thought about evil in this city was reduced to... this...

His trademark grin had become toothless and empty, the once famous hair had turned white and scarce... And his impressive stature had been reduced to a bent over shriveled man. Sure he was still invulnerable damn near, but everything else was just... gone. Now he was nothing more than a bag of bones and skin, a shell of the former hero and pride of the City.

No Guardian was gone, and in his stead was simply a man that was to far gone in his own mind with past glories that he would make him run headlong into the middle of a lightning storm with no real way of winning. Of course there was a certain sense of admiration to the man who was willing to still give up and sacrifice his body in such a man as to save a city, but she wasn't the only villain that seemed to cotter to the old man somewhat...

No it was that reason that found her walking along with the old man, that and many more reasons. Maybe admiration for what the man had been before, maybe a bit of nostalgia, or trying to have something in common with what the older villains had. No, it was probably beca-

"Stop right there Star! I wont let you get away with this! You're going away for good th... What are you doing old man?" 

Oh great, another rookie idiot. Sure she didn't have the same time under her belt as some of the greats of her generation, but that didn't mean she was a complete newbie. Even so, she figured everyone knew of Guardian, who he was and his current... Situation. Shaking her head she just shooed him off from behind Guardian's back. But the kid simply kept on, really irking Star now.

"Old man get out of here, what are you even doing out here? You're in the way!" The no name said as he grabbed Guardian by the shoulder and seemed to shove him aside a little rougher then what was good for him. That irked Star to no end, a lack of respect for a front runner, even more so as the boy brushed past the downed Icon with little to no care. It made her blood boil, and with the punch of her fist, she shot out a bolt of destructive lightning straight for the boy's gut. 

A ragged bloodied hole of charred flesh and innards was all that was left of the man's midsection. Gasping noises like the sound of a goldfish sucking for air out of water painted the confusion perfectly across his face as he collapsed a few seconds later. There was no need for disrespect, especially not of this caliber for a man of this respect. He had done great things for hero's, helped get legislation passed that helped protect the rights of those that came after him. He had helped set up academies to train and nurture the future of his kind. And yet everywhere she looked, those that he had set a future for just brushed him aside...

It angered her to no end, along with quiet a few others in her circle, but for her it was personal. Guardian had been a idol for the woman as a young girl, and frankly who wouldn't look up to the top hero in the world, especially when it was your own dad...

"Come on Guardian, the other guy had other stuff to do. Another call I guess. You were going to take me in right?"

Guardian seemed lost for a moment before nodding.

"Ri-Right! Now come along little miss... You know you remind me of my daughter. Such a sweet little girl, Always wants to come along but I always told her it was to dangerous! Especially after what happened with her mother. Sad side effect of the job you understand I'm sure. " He began to ramble on about her mother, tearing up old wounds. No, it wouldn't do to listen to this, but tonight... Tonight made her think. If the new crop wouldn't respect him, she would make them... 

Maybe it was time to take up the family business... 

(It's my first time writing one of these, please be kind! It was a blast though, I'm gonna start doing more of these for sure.)


**ANOTHER TYPICAL DAY IN CENTRAL CITY - THE CITIZENS GO ABOUT THEIR DAILY BUSINESS, THE BIRDS SING - AND A BANK IS ROBBED!**

BOOM!

*"Right, let's get out of there, Technofiend!"*

    "I OBEY, HELLVIXEN."

*"You don't always have to talk like that, Tech."*

    "Soz."

"MU-HA-HA-HA! Our evil plan reaches fruition! Soon, we will have the funds to build an army of evil clones - and then, rule the world!"

*"Dr. Deviant, could you not monologue until you've got the car going?"*

"Alright, alright..."

**BUT EVEN AS THE VILLAINS TRY TO ESCAPE JUSTICE, A HERO COMES FROM THE SKY!!!**

"Halt, Evildoers!"

    "Oh shit, it's Captain Cosmos."

*"What the hell is he doing out at his age?"*

"He must have got out of his daughter's house again..."

    "I thought she got locks put in?"

*"He can still break rocks with his fists, you know."*

    "Oh."

"I'm going to talk to him..."

*"Dr. Deviant - are you sure?"*

"I can't believe she let him keep that police scanner!"

    "Well, it keeps him occupied, doesn't it?"

*"Not like this."*

**SLOWLY, THE EVIL DOCTOR DEVIANT EMERGES FROM HIS GETAWAY...**

"Hi, Mike?"

"Captain Cosmos To You!"

"Yeah, OK, Captain Cosmos. Look, Cassie is probably wondering where you are, and..."

"How Do You Know The Name Of My Daughter?"

"You told me, remember? The last time you arrested me."

"Did I?"

"Yeah. Look, let's drive you back or something?"

"NO! Evildoers Must Be Brought To Justice!"

"Oh God..."

**MEANWHILE, IN THE CAR, AN EVIL SCHEME IS HATCHED...**

*"I have absolutely no idea what we're going to do here."*

    "Shall I ring social services?"

*"It's heading in that direction."*

**BUT CAPTAIN COSMOS HAS NO TIME FOR SUCH PLOTS. IT IS TIME FOR ACTION!**

"Enough! Surrender, Or Feel My Wrath!"

"Careful Mike, you don't wanna..."

**KAPOW! **

"Oh shit! Your hip!"

**POW!**

"Arrgh!"

*"Oh no, has he fallen over?"*

"Yeah, can you come over? I'm going to need your help.

    "I'll ring the ambulance."

"Thanks, Tech."

"You Fiends! I Will Not Allow This Villainy!"

“Calm down, Mike. Let Hellvixen check your hip out.”

*“Does that hurt?”*

“AIIIIEEEEEE!”

*“I’ll take that as a yes.”*

    "The ambulance is coming."

"Right, I'll stay here with him until we get to the hospital."

*"They'll bust you when you get there..."*

"I know. Can you break me out of the City Jail again?"

*"You'll have to wait until the weekend, I'm afraid."*

"Meh. What can you do?"

"You Will Be Brought To Justice, Dr. Deviant!"

"Just try to stay calm, Mike. Ambulance should be here."

*"Shall we leg it, then?"*

"May as well, Hellvixen."

    "I'm guessing we're paying for his treatment?"

*"Yeah. He can't afford it, anyway."*

    "Ah, what can you do?"

"Shit, Cops are coming. See you on Saturday?"

*"Yep!"*

"Once Again, Captain Cosmos Puts The Villains To Flight!"

"Come on, Mike... Let's just get you looked at first."

**SOON, THE HEROIC CAPTAIN COSMOS IS BEING RUSHED TO HOSPITAL, FLANKED BY HIS ARCH NEMESIS.**

"You OK there, Mike?"

"Dr Deviant! You - I - I... Where Am I? An Ambulance? What The Hell Did I Just Do?"

“You fell over and busted your hip. We’d just knocked off a bank, and you were trying to stop us…”

“Oh Shit, Not Again!”

"You having a lucid moment?"

"Right Now I Am, But I Don't Know How Long It Will Last. The Doctor Says It's Getting Worse. I Don't Want To End Up In A Chair Someday, Dribbling Over Myself."

"I'm sorry, Mike."

"For What? You Dirtbags Always Come Through. Not Like The 'Good Guys', Not Any More. They Just Let You Go When You Slow Down. Sometimes I Think They're Ashamed To Even Be Seen With Me."

"There's a very fuzzy line between being a Super Hero and a Super Villain. It's very easy to cross."

"I Know. But I Gotta Question For You Now."

"Yeah, Mike?"

"Why?"

"My Dad used to tell me stories about you, back in your prime. The good old days. There were real legends then, on both sides. The battles, the evil schemes, the heroic rescues... It all seemed to mean something back then. He was your biggest fan, in a weird sort of way.

"The Asshole Used To Send Me Christmas Cards."

"It was me that did the crayon drawings of Santa."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

"Wow." 

"But you know what Dad would tell me, in-between planning to take over the world?"

"That I Was His Arch Enemy?"

"That and this - you're only ever as good as your opposition."

"We're Getting Near To The Hospital, I Think."

"It's been an honour, Mike."

"Look, I - I Need To sleep. The Painkillers Are Making Me Drowsy."

"Shall I call Cassie?"

"Yeah. Number's In My Utility Belt."

"Thanks. Look, I'm sorry. This isn't the way it should have turned out."

"..."

"You asleep? Probably for the best."

**THE END**

DON'T MISS NEXT MONTH'S EXCITING ISSUE, WHEN CAPTAIN COSMOS GETS SENT TO A HOME!!!


"Who's this old guy? Have I really killed enough of your minions that you're bringing the retired ones back in?"

"You fool child. Even as an old man he strikes fear into the hearts of more villains than you ever will." 

"Dont make me laugh." He chortled back. 

"Let me guess you graduated from school a couple of months ago, bought this 80's spandex you're wearing and thought you could join the big leagues. I've killed more 'hero's' than you could imagine and my minions you killed, they were all technicians working for a cover  corporation. They didn't even know what was going on here or that I'm in control and by the looks of it you don't know either." 

"N...N..No. No you're the bad guy and they all worked for you."

"Technically they work for the E.V.I.L conglomerate corporation which I happen to be a majority share holder in under a different name. You killed at least 50 husbands and wives, that's not even mentioning the number of children who aren't going to see one of their parents tonight. Welcome to being one of the bad guys." Held his arms out inviting the skinny spandex clad youth towards him. 

"I.. I.. y.. y.. Yo.. ly.. I.. I.. di.."

"Come on you don't have long now use your words. Not that it matters we don't have much longer now." 

"Awfully sorry, I hate to interrupt your conversation but I seem to be at a bit of a loss. I'm sure I came here to do something but I can't quite remember what." 

"Please don't apologize, we're all old friends here. You the hero, me your nemesis and the piss soaked boy who still hasn't realized who you are."

"Ohh dear he does seem to have had an accident what a shame." He sympathized while pulling on one of his blazers tweed sleeves. "And you say you're my nemesis? I don't recall having a nemesis."

"Old friend what's become of you? Our battles used to level city blocks. People would cheer when you appeared over the horizon to stop my outlandish plots. But anyway it turns out I can do more damage to the world with a business than as a super villian. Regardless I know better than to try and fight you even on your old age I can feel your power even if you and the boy can't." 

"Wh....Who is he?" The quivering figure  stammered. 

"Child surely if you know who I am you can recognize the greatest hero of our time? Not that it matters if he's here someone will be along to arrest me soon."

"What about me?" Came the squeaked response. 

"I doubt you'll live that long."  Energy raced across the room causing the nameless hero in wet spandex to spasm violently before continuing to twitch on the floor. "Ahh I can hear the sirens now, I suppose it's time for us to go.back to our respective prisons. How are they treating you in the new home?"

"Oh the staff aren't too bad. The food's a bit lacking but it'll do." 

"I'll have someone get that all set right for you."


Sure Captain Honor admitted the young heroes caught more criminals in quantity, but Captain Honor was adamant about beating them in quality. He caught more real super villains than anyone else. The real big names like DoubleShot, BadBaller, KingCruel were caught by none other than Captain Honor himself. And he did it with just his tried and true powers of enhanced strength and agility without the need for fancy new technology. Although, for some reason the criminals he caught seemed to be able to escape prison whenever they wanted.

But one day the scariest most violent villain of them all, Sin, kidnapped the mayor of the city and after executing several prominent businessmen and politicians. Sin demanded chemicals and equipment which seemed to obviously be for weapons by the end of the day. The heroes guild only managed to recruit 3 super heroes in time to make a rescue attempt before Sin's ransom timer was up. Though the honorable captain was ready they didn't recruit him for the cause. Dishonored, the captain decided to force his way into the group.

"Why didn't you guys call me for help?" he asked them. The 3 other heroes grew awkwardly silent until their leader, HellMan responded "we didn't want to disturb your retirement" to which Honor replied "I'm not retired. I'll never retire." Hellman's patience ran out, though to be fair he was half demon and didn't have much to start with, and he said "Look old man, you're just going to get in the way". The Captain looked to the other two heroes and asked "WaterGirl, SteelHawk, do you really agree with this guy?" They looked away from him too bashful to say anything, but in obvious agreement with HellMan. "I remember when these guys were just a bunch of kids trying to fit-in with the normals in school" thought Honor. "I'm coming whether you're greatfull for it or not" said Captain Honor.

The plan was ready, SteelHawk with his powersuit that gave him flight and advanced weaponry was going to surprise and distract them from above. WaterGirl was going to sneak by turning into water. After WaterGirl found the Mayor, HellMan was going to teleport to her and teleport the hostage out leaving WaterGirl and SteelHawk to escape on their own as HellMan could only teleport one other person per day. WaterGirl was immune to bullets and physical attacks as she was made of water, and SteelHawk was extremely agile in his flight suit so escaping without HellMan's help would be the easy part.

Captain Honor, not included in their plan at all, decided he was going to fight his way to Sin and take the guy out directly. 

The operation began with SteelHawk shooting rockets from very high in the air. WaterGirl sneaked in through the plumbing system until she made her way to the room with the Mayor. The plan was going well, they didn't fire any anti-air shots at SteelHawk and the room with the Mayor seemed unguarded. Meanwhile, Captain Honor sneaked his way in, beating up some dumb guards on the way. 

WaterGirl ran up to the Mayor and freed him. He started to laugh. The Mayor ripped at his own hair. His head hair and beard came off, and underneath was the bald and clean shaven face of Sin himself. WaterGirl wished she had payed more attention to local politics so she could have recognized he wasn't the Mayor. Sin's laughing continued as he hit a button on a panel on his arm and the entire room burst out in electric shocks. WaterGirl screamed, as electricity was her weakness. She quickly lost consciousness. Sin on the other hand seemed to enjoy the pain from the electric shocks, as he was a bit of a masochist. Sin put his hand inside WaterGirl's liquid head and his hand started to heat up. It was so hot the room lit up in unbearable brightness. When the light dissipated WaterGirl's head was no more, and her body turned into regular lifeless water.

"WATERGIRL? WATERGIRL ARE YOU THERE? WATERGIRLLLL" screamed HellMan unaware of her demise. Through the rashness of his youth he decided to teleport to her last location, unaware of it's disposition. He teleported to the location, but the room seemed empty other than a peculiar puddle of water next to an unoccupied chair in the center. HellMan's eyed the puddled and assumed the worse, which made him unbearably angry. "SteelHawk, come in through the window at my location!" he screamed into their communication's line. "What? Why?" asked SteelHawk "WaterGirl's.... down" replied HellMan. HellMan charged up a fireball, as he prepared for battle.

SteelHawk burst in through the window only to find a thoroughly destroyed room with burnt grunts about. He dashed through the halls looking for his companion. Just more burnt thugs, although he noticed a strange human-shaped imprint charred onto the wall. He payed it no mind and ran along. Only a few rooms later he started running into active guards. He shot them down with no mercy. He took a few shots himself in the process, but his suit blocked them easily. Eventually he ran into a room with just Sin standing in wait. Sin shot him with a strange looking gun, but the bullet didn't go through his suit either. "Where's HellMan" screamed SteelHawk. "He's dead. Didn't you see his cremation a few rooms back?" replied Sin. Tears began to drip down SteelHawk's face, he was glad his helmet prevented Sin from seeing them. Sin started to laugh "I can tell you're crying under that helmet boy". SteelHawk started to get scared. He always thought HellMan and WaterGirl were unkillable. He decided he was probably walking into some kind of trap and flew out the nearest window. 

SteelHawk flew extremely high and finally got control of his panic. "Ca- Captain Honor are you there?" he asked. "Yes I'm here SteelHawk" readily replied The Captain. "I don't know what to do Captain, I think... I think WaterGirl and HellMan are... dead..." Captain Honor felt horrible on the inside, but knew now was not the time for weakness. So he said "Don't worry SteelHawk, I'll deal with this". Just as he heard the message SteelHawk started to fall. He spent the seconds he had while falling to fiddle with his suit and didn't have the time to message Captain Honor. SteelHawk found the problem, it seems whatever Sin shot him with was lodged in his suit, activated, and was now shutting down his flight capabilities. SteelHawk managed to pry the invading device from his suit, but just as his suit started up again he crashed into the concrete.

Captain Honor heard a loud crash outside, and asked SteelHawk what was going on. There was no reply. He ran into a few more guards but they all ran away from him. "Wow looks like these thugs finally learned to not mess with Captain Honor" he said to himself. Eventually he reached Sin. Sin let out a gasp of very dramatic surprise. "How did you make it here!" Sin yelled. "Hah, your pathetic guards ran away from me. I guess you should up their pay huh?" joked Captain Honor. "I guess loyalty is more expensive than I thought now adays" replied Sin with a smirk. Captain Honor chuckled and then got into fighting stance. Sin did the same and they started exchanging blows with there fists. 

It went back and forth. They seemed evenly matched in kick boxing techniques, though both seemed to be tiring. Captain Honor then threw a wild hay-maker, Sin saw it coming from a mile away and dodged preemptively. But the punch was a  trick and turned into a grab. Captain Honor held Sin's collar and perfectly performed a hipthrow slamming Sin onto the ground. Captain Honor then stuck his knee onto Sin's chest and proclaimed victory as he said "It's over Sin, I got you". 

"Oh darn, you got me again Captain Honor!" yelled Sin. "What have you done with my comrades Sin?" asked Honor. Sin looked around awkwardly not sure what to say. "OUT WITH IT SCUM!" yelled The Captain. Sin sighed and said "Do you really want to know?", "OF COURSE I DO TELL ME NOW!". Sin got a very somber and serious look on his face and said "They're dead". Captain Honor was shocked, he was so sure SteelHawk was just exaggerating and panicking like an amateur when he said they were dead earlier. "That's impossible, how could a lowly villain like you defeat them?" asked Captain Honor. "I don't want to tell you" said Sin. "What why not?" asked The Captain. "Cause you were always my favorite hero going up..." Honor almost blushed at the genuine heart to heart compliment, but eventually regained his composure to ask "But, what's that got to do with anything?" Sin kept saying he didn't want to tell Captain Honor, but Honor kept asking getting more and more angry. Sin even started to say he would give up the hostage and leave if Honor just dropped the questions. But Honor was far too angry for that and instead started slapping and eventually punching Sin in the face until Sin finally started getting mad himself. 

His eyes watery Sin told Honor the truth. "Look, most of us villains were just normal kids growing up. And... like normal kids we all had our heroes. And me, like a lot of my associates really looked up to you Captain Honor. The world has become a fucked up place sir, but you and the few old heroes who are left somehow stayed above all that. So we've sort of... been going easy on you". "Easy on me? I don't believe you!" replied Captain Honor. A forcefield suddenly appeared around Sin, and expanded out pushing Captain Honor back. Honor tried punching the force field, but did nothing but hurt his own hand. "Why... why if you really look up to me did you do all this!?" yelled Captain Honor. "Honestly, I don't think you could understand me without becoming a villain yourself. I don't want to ever see that happen". Sin activated his jet-boots and blasted out of the room. His group scattered, but not before executing the Mayor. 

After having a similar conversation with other villains, Captain Honor decided to retire.

For More Stories: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/sharpWriting/


It was a brisk October morning. The park was full of people milling about and enjoying their Saturday morning, some were out on dates hoping to find true love, others were simply enjoying their time. Towards a wide river, many tables were set up so people could have a view of the mega city, enjoy a bite to eat, or play chess. Two older gentlemen were at one such table.

"Ah! Your hand left the piece!" Said one man. His hair had greyed, but still held its dignified form of his youth, his hands had a slight tremble that comes with age. He wore an overcoat with a scarf tied around his neck.

"Matthias, how long must you attempt to distract me?" The man who sat across from Matthias was bald, but his eyes still held the bright passion of youth. He was clad in simple monk robes, and wore spectacles on his nose. Matthias simply smiled at his companion.

"Just like old times, eh Monk?" Monk looked up and smiled at his old nemesis turned friend.
"With you coming up with some scheme and becoming overconfident in your abilities?" His hand shook as he captured a knight with his pawn. Matthias was dumbfounded.
"Wha...how...when..." His voice trailed off in confusion.

Monk smiled, crossed his arms, and leaned back.
"You always did overlook many things in your plans. Ironic isn't it? You were once known as The Front for you cleverness and wit." Monk began to chuckle as Matthias scrambled to recover.
"Ahh...i see now..." The Front made his move after many moments of deliberation.

"Checkmate." Matthias was dumbfounded once again, as Monk had taken no time to decide his move. Matthias looked up to meet Monk's eyes, full of mischief.

"You always laid plans for certain events, but you never had plans for unaccounted happenings." Matthias sighed, this was the fifth time in a row he had been beaten.

Suddenly a woman screamed, and a man clutching a purse began running along the path adjacent to the old timers. Suddenly the thief held a hand to his eye and ran headlong into a tree.
Matthias looked over to see a piece missing from the board, and observed a hidden smile on Monk's face. Monk held a finger up to his lips.
A young hero began running towards the recovering miscreant. 

"Foul villain" he began, "you should never have attempted any misdeeds while I, Steelboy, yet draw breath!"

With a single movement, he threw the vagabond over his shoulder, and threw the purse back to the crowd that was forming. He turned to leave when he spotted two elderly gentlemen enjoying a game of chess. He recognized one of them.

"The Front! Evil Front, you shall be captured by me this day!" He struck up a fighting pose, and his former prisoner fell off his shoulder and ran off into the crowd.
Matthias looked over to see the young hero challenging him.

"I believe he is looking for you." Matthias gave a look at Monk who had just delivered the sarcastic remark. He never knew Monk could be playful.
"Go away kid, i've done my time." He gave a dismissive wave and attempted to go back to enjoying his morning.

"Thought you could fool me eh? Steelboy never backs down!" With this, he lunged towards the unsuspecting Matthias. As he reached the table a cane caught him in the gut, swung him around and threw him to the ground. Surprised, Steelboy looked up to see Monk standing know, both hands on his cane.
"Wait a minute, you're Monk! Why are you defending this man? You and he fought for years!" Monk's face was as an elderly grandfather, attempting to teach his grandchildren.

"Young man, do you believe evil men will always be evil?"
The question was blunt, and Steelboy attempted to respond as he stood up.
"Of course!" He shouted.
"If you fall behind on a payment, does the bank not come after you?" Matthias was as confused as Steelboy.

"Yet, if you pay the amount, is it not forgiven?"
Steelboy had no response.

"So if a man commits an evil act, he is behind on his payment, but should he atone for his misdeeds, he is paying the amount in the hopes of forgiveness. I believe this man has wronged many, but many years ago, he saw the errors of his ways, and turned his life around. His debt is large, but he is paying it back."
Steelboy looked at him, then to Matthias, and then back to Monk.

"What on earth are you going on about? Loans? Payments? Who cares you old foggy, i'm taking him in!"

Once again he lunged forward, aiming for Matthias, but Monk had other plans. He grabbed Steelboy's fist, and effortlessly threw him into the river.
Monk sat back down, "shall we play another game?" He asked with a twinkle in his eye.


To the Justice Unit, he was a mere has been. To us, however, he was a milestone in all of our lives. My father,  Mega-Kill Sr., was his arch nemesis for decades. I remember when I was 17 or 16, my pops gave me his suit. He said to me; "Georgie,  if you want to be a real villain,  you gotta know how to fight a super." So with me wearing the mega-elector suit  (which was about 3 sizes to big) and a death blaster, I made my way to mainstreet during the lunch or dinner  hour, but i'm not sure what time it was, it would be around 30  years ago. So I raise the death blaster, I aimed it at something like a mail box or a fire hydrant, or something, and before I could even press the trigger,  there he was. Maximum Justice; Head founder of the Justice Unit. He appeared right next to me and crushed the gun's barell between 2 of his fingers. I went into punch him, crashed my fist straight on his nose. Broke my hand for 4 months. He didn't hit me back, god knows I deserved it though. I was just a punk trying to be like his punk father. Looking back, I think Maximum Justice knew that. It wasn't just me though, all the members of the Tyranny Union  had parent super villians, whom most of us took our names from. 400 villains in the tyranny Union,  all of whom got their start with Maximum Justice. 
Somewhere over the years things began to change for Maximum. He got slower, weaker, older. Any Tyranny Union member could of killed him years ago, but none of us could. We had to much respect for the man who was a giant in this industry. The heroes, those jack ass', never understood that. That the man they would be little was the foundation of what they do. Oh it made me sick. During the usual street brawls, they would force Maximum Justice to stay in the car, like a kid or a dog. Treating him as an errand boy, giving him demeaning jobs to make him feel useful. Who makes Maximum Justice take out his dry cleaning and get his coffee? 
The man is dead now. Died of a cardiac arrest in Justice Unit Headquarters. A warrior like him didn't deserve such a mediocre death. He should of died saving the planet, like he always invisioned. Sone people think that's why he stayed with the Justice Unit, so he could have the death he deserved, like his fallen comrades had. One died in an a alin attack, one died redirecting a nuke into space, the other died stopping the sun exploding. But Maximum Justice, the icon, the legend, dies because of a cardiac arrest? It's not fair.
I arrived to his funeral out of costume, along with other Tyranny Union members. What we found was nothing less of disgusting. The Justice Unit had passed on the responsibility of planning his funeral, unlike what they had done for other members who received statues and magnificent pieces of art that honored them. All Maximum got was a small church, with only the Tyranny Union and an old Priest to pay final respect. The public itself completely disassociate itself with the great hero. The Hercules of the modern Era, gone and forgotten. 

No. This will not stand. The Tyranny Union will make this city and the Justice Union mourn.


Inferno really didn't mind looking after the old bugger but the mornings were by far the thing I dreaded the most. The majority of the time it went off without a hitch, but when it didnt...

"Good morning Blaise"

The old man lying in the bed arose startled by the unfamiliar voice he had heard a thousand times before. 

'Who are you?" the old man said, trying the best to hide the fear in his voice, "and how do you know my name" 

Blaise laid upright in his bed, his body trembling, his hands shaking. It was always hard to the greatest hero of his time cower in fear, but no matter how super they are father time always catches up with them eventually. 

"My name is Inferno and I have been sent here by the League of Heroes to look after you today"

*Please buy it, please buy it, please buy it...*

Blaise made a weary chuckled.

"Nice to see Terra Man hasn't forgotten about after all these years"

*Thankgod he bought it*

"But I don't need your charity", his tone suddenly becoming much sterner as he slowly raised himself from his bed.

*Ohh fuck...*

"Do you know who I am? I am the man who defeated the Juggernaut and freed Peru from his Tyrannic rule, I am the man who who single-handedly closed the Death Zone after scores of heroes before me had failed." Blaises voice was now trembling as he spoke, getting louder with each word coming from his mouth. "Heck I was the man who bought down the League of Demise and bought this earth the greatest era of peace it has ever seen! I dont need no help! GODDAMMIT, I A PERFECTLY CAPABLE OF LOOKING AFTER MY..!" 

Blaise didn't get to finish his sentence as his robe got in the dresser, leaving him hurtling towards the ground. As quick as he could, Inferno stretched out his arms, catching the heaps bones before he hit the floor.

Infreno hated when this happened. At first occurrences like these were far and in-between but the more the Alzheimer progressed and more stubborn and irrational Blaise had become. 

"You know once upon a time I could  fight 10 guys at once all on my own, now I can't even stay on my own two feet..." 

Blaise looked up at Inferno, tears welling in his eyes, his voice trembling. 

"Look kid, just leave me be. I'm sure there are plenty of other things you want to do. You don't really want to be here." 

He was partially right. Inferno didn't want to be there, he needed to be there. After all, it was all his fault. 

.

It was supposed to be the perfect plan. Excalibur and Dark Lighting were to go uptown and create a havoc large enough to distract the League of Heroes while Inferno was down town stealing the Crown Jewels that were on display in the National Museum in broad daylight. Simple enough, but there was one thing we didn't factor in. An old retired Superhero who was down at the museum that day. 

The jewels were in the bag, Inferno was making his escape when the cry to "Stop in the name of Justice!" came out. Blaise stood there, relying heavily on his cane to remain upright.

Inferno laughed there was no way the old timer could stop him, everyone knows your powers are the first thing that goes. 

"What are you going to do to me Blaise?" he mocked "Flick some amber at me?"

At that moment Inferno learnt a valuable lesson, super powers weren't the first thing a Superhero loses. It was their ability to control them.

Inferno tried to keep the flames in check, but there was not much the young villain could do against the might of the hero Blaise. All he had meant to do was shoot a simple ball of fire in Infernos direction. Instead he had taken the lives of 27 innocent people and left half a city block destroyed. In the blink of an eye, the greatest hero the world had never know had become more infamous then even greatest villains had ever been. 

The people he had spent his life protecting wanted him to rot behind bars, while those he had spent his life serving with disowned him, more worried about protecting their public image than helping the man who had brought them together and established the League of Justice.

A world he had loved so much, a world he spent his life protecting had forgotten him. But those he had spent his life fighting, those he had spent his life putting behind bars couldn't forget him, especially after he had taken down the League of Demise. They hated the man, but not even they could bear to watch the demise of man each of them respected even if none of them would openly admit it. They wouldn't let him rot, they wouldn't disown him. After all, someone had to look out of him..


.

Bliase remained weeping in Infernos arms. He couldn't bear to leave him like this.

"Your right Bliase I don't want to be here"

He lifted Blaise onto the bed and looked into the old mans weary eyes, placing his hand on the old mand shoulder

"I don't want to be here" he repeated once more. "I want to be out there on that front porch, with a cup tea in my hand while you tell me the story of how you managed to close that Dead zone. What do you say?"

And as we had done every morning for the past 4 years, Blaise smiled.


The card hissed softly as it was drawn from a neat stack of similarly blue-backed cards on the large wooden table, its surface battered and worn from hundreds of years of use. Though her figure was mostly hidden by the Head of Neighbourhood triptych sheet, three pairs of eyes rested eagerly on Calen as she turned the card in her hand and lifted it up, smiling wryly at its contents. 


“Cut the theatrics and read, elf,” grumbled Brond, a large and hairy man. His feet rested atop an empty chair, smaller than his own and wobbling as he shifted his weight against its seat. 


“He’s working late,” she said. 


“Again?” He replied, seemingly exhausted by the card’s message. 


Large head toppling rearward to rest against the uppermost plank of the chair back, hair spilling over the wood, Brond shut his eyes. Calen’s smirk sustained. Though different in their distinct features, Azezus the Blight and Crog wore matching expressions, lips pulled tight and curved, showing teeth as they grinned with amusement. The game sat on the table, two tidy piles of cards and character sheets scattered. Everything behind Calen’s trifold was a mystery. 


“Again,” she repeated. 


Brond ran meaty fingers along his wrinkled forehead, massaging between the furrowed brows as he thought. After a sigh, he said, “This is the third time this week.” 


“And the young secretary card is in play,” chimed Azezus. 


“Damn the gods,” Brond cursed. “I go to his work.” 


“What a fool,” said Azezus.

Brond frowned, eyes narrowing in the necromancer’s direction. “Excuse me? At least I *have* a husband.” 


“Mine’s dead--” 


“Does it make you feel impotent to know you can’t even bring him back?” Crog laughed. 


“Please, you can’t fathom the pressure of being a single mother of three little heathens,” Azezus accused. “They eat so much and the bills are piling up. Do you know how much debt Jason left me with? I thought we were doing well until he died.” His sharp slender finger drifted down his character sheet, head wagging agitatedly from side to side. 


“If only you could bring him back and shake his bones for a couple more bucks maybe your kids wouldn’t have to go to community college,” Crog continued to taunt.


“You’re in couples counseling, your son is a prescription medication addict,” Brond countered. 


Calen watched them, peering over the edge of her text-rich sheet. The smile that had formed upon reading the drawn card had yet to diminish and had grown only tighter from fatigue. Their arguing began to overlap. Voices raised until the volume was such that even Calen herself was finding it difficult to decipher the nature of the various delivered insults so, raising a hand in the air and not saying a word, she tossed two dice onto the table. The clatter, though quiet, hushed the playful fighting.


“You go to his work, drowsy from imbibing several glasses of rosé,” Calen said, “But he isn’t there.”


“Damn it,” Brond muttered. His fist landed heavily against the table. “I thought better of him.” Fingers clenched and nostrils flared, he grunted, “It’s snack time, I’m famished. Send me to the bar, I’ll wallow in the realisation that I married a dirty cheater.” 


“You have a teenager and a toddler at home!” Corg interjected. 


“And you have your raging Orc of a mother-in-law, Margaret coming over in the morning but you’ve spent no time straightening your home,” Brond scoffed, “Mind your own problems.” 


Sliding his character sheet toward the centre of the table with a resentful sneer, Brond’s large boots thudded against the floor. In a single graceless motion, palms leaning into the table top, he stood up and walked toward the pantry. 

------------------------

[Part Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/EdgarAllanHobo/comments/7pi55k/suburbs_and_suvs_part_two/) Stay tuned for more.


Goblin king: "and suddenly you hear a knock on your dwelling's door."

Necromancer: "I will get up from the table to open the front door, but before I open it, I look through the nearby window to see who is disturbing our game."

Goblin king: "roll for perception."

Necromancer: "3... Shit."

Goblin king: "the lights are off and you can't see who is at the door. How do you proceed?"

Necromancer: "umm.."

Barbarian: "just open the door! It's not like you have to worry about an army of paladins!"

Collective laughs

Necromancer: "fine, fine. I open the door."

Goblin king: "in your doorway stands a man wearing black and blue clothes with a symbol over his left breast, carrying two flat, square boxes."

Elven priestess: "oh, that must be the pizza I ordered!"

Necromancer: "pizza?"

Goblin king: "it's a common food found in the suburbs."

Necromancer: "and people just... Bring it to your dwellings?"

Goblin king: "in the world of suburbia you can order food for a price and other people of suburbia will deliver it for you."

Necromancer: "interesting. I take the Pizza!"

Goblin king: "the pizza man says 'that will be twenty-two eighty-four' and extends his hand."

Necromancer: "how many gol- uhh, dollars do I have again? Let's see.. oh no. I only have fifteen dollars. Guys do y'all have any spare dollars?"

Barbarian: "my character doesn't get anymore currency for another week. I don't have anything."

Elven priestess: "I thought you were going to cover it? You're lucky I have exactly eight dollars left. I get up from the table to hand John the money."

Necromancer: "perfect! That's twenty-three dollars. I hand him the money."

Goblin king: "the pizza man counts the money and says 'what about my tip?' and looks at you with his head slightly cocked to the side."

Necromancer: "uhhhh... Be wary of rogues on your way back to your dwelling?"

Goblin king: "well usually delivery people of suburbia want additional currency in addition to the cost of the food, but that's okay, roll for charisma."

Necromancer: "fourteen, plus my modifier.. seventeen."

Goblin king: "the delivery driver looks at his feet, rather defeated, turns around and slowly walks back to his SUV."

Necromancer: "excellent. I return to the group table with pizza in hand and set it down next to everyone." 

Barbarian: "I think it was my turn in the game. What card was on top of the stack?"

Goblin king: "it was a red five."

Barbarian: "I play a red two on top of it."

Goblin king: "okay it looks like you have one card remaining."

Elven priestess: "uno!"

Barbarian: "son of a... How am I supposed to remember what I'm supposed to say!?"

Elven priestess: "it is the Spanish word for 'one'."

Barbarian: "my character doesn't speak Spanish!"

Goblin king: "it's also the name of the game your characters are playing."

Barbarian: "ugh. Fine. I draw my cards."

Necromancer: "and I will eat a pizza!"

Goblin king: "roll for constitution."

Necromancer: "Nat one..."

Goblin king: "you burn your mouth and taste nothing. Also, you take three damage."



Sorry for any editing errors, this was all done on my phone.

*Fixed a couple of typos


In life, Orglord, had flayed his enemies open and put them on display throughout the villages he had pillaged. Men, women, children. None were given mercy. Barbarians warlords didn’t discriminate. However, in Suburbs and SUVs, he was Orie, the thirty-year old sales representative currently late for work for the third time this week.

“I attempt to switch lanes,” Orglord said, a quiet tremble to his voice. Unlike his barbarian brethren, his rage was not preceded by rampant roars, but by these soft tremors.

Arana, the high priestess of the dark elves and one of the few who dared openly talk against Orglord raised her brow. “You know what happened last time you try to change lanes.”

But she was handedly ignored. An entire crowd sat around them, staring. Elven magic projected this game throughout the entirety of Almiera. Millions of lives were at stake here. A bad month of B2C sales numbers has been known to result in the pillaging of entire regions by Orglord.

“Blasted Subaru Impreza, if I had a mightier car, none would dare stuck me in traffic!”

He grabbed a die and tossed them onto the table. They clacked against the redwood. Everyone held their breaths. At last, they stopped. A 17.

“Yes!” Orglord shot out of his chair, his fists shaking above his head. “I will have gut all those who stand between me and my employee of the month nomination!”

The game master, a necromancer hidden by his own conjured shadows, coughed. “Is that your move?”

“No, no.” The barbarian warlord lowered himself back into his chair. “I switch lanes to the right.”

“You signal the switch and merge lanes,” the necromancer said.

Orglord clasped his hands upon his mouth.

“You successfully merge lanes.”

The barbarian and those spectating from his region let out a relieved breath, but the necromancer held up his hand. It was like a spell of silencing. The crowd, the players, the world stopped and stared at that hand.

“But, due to a traffic accident on the right shoulder of the highway that you are only seeing now, you must now merge back. Only a roll of 18 or higher can get you back into the correct lane without further delay.”

Orglord went silent. Those watching from his region began packing their things.

The rest of the day fared no better for Orie, the thirty-year-old toilet salesman in Suburbs and SUVs. His boss did not promote him, in fact, he got reprimanded for being late again. Employee of the month went to that bitch Carol who always talked about him behind his back at the water coolers. To top it all off, his wife called, saying that they needed to talk of something important.

On his way back from work, Orglord made no rolls. He did not merge lanes. He did not honk his horn. He sat in idle traffic for fifteen minutes and though the necromancer pressed him for actions, he simply waited through it.

At last, he arrived home.

“You step up to the door and open it,” the necromancer said. “The first thing you see are your wife’s suitcase, already packed. She approaches you.”

Orglord’s jaw clenched and he stared at his hands. “Tell her,” he said, “that I understand. I couldn’t graduate college, I couldn’t give her any of the things I’ve promised her, hell, I couldn’t even make employee of the month. I promised her the world and this is all I amounted to. Tell her that I’m a failure and that this will be last night playing this god damn game!”

The necromancer let the barbarian’s words echo through the room. All around the world, armies mobilized and castles fortified themselves.

“Your wife brings out another set of suitcases. They are yours.”

Orglord’s eyes snapped up, wide.

“She tells you that it is your birthday, remember? She says that she never expected you to give her the world, but she never wanted the world anyways. She says that she knows how hard you work and how much you care, even if you refuse to say. She tells you that she loves you and that she’d never leave someone as good as you. That’s why she wants to leave together, on a surprise vacation.”

“Blasted!” Orglord slammed his fist into the table and turned away from the game master. “Blasted… blasted hell!” he screamed and brought his palms to his eyes.

The players nodded with him. Even the spectators, who a second ago had prepared to move their armies against him, teared up.

“Orglord, I mean Orie,” the necromancer said. “What is your response?”

Nothing. He kept his back turned as his shoulder shuddered.

“Orglord?”

“I will wear your entrails around my neck!” he roared back. “Do not bother me. Not now. Not yet. This is…” he chocked on the rest of the words and a wail burst through his lips. “This is… this… This is real,” he finally finished.

The necromancer nodded back and stayed silent.

For centuries Suburbs and SUVs have kept the world safe and today was no exception. With the greatest of magics available, the most powerful of spells and weaponry at their command, the mightiest of the villains all fell to this simple game. Perhaps it was in how mundane it was, perhaps it was in how powerless it forced them to be, or perhaps that this pretend world had somehow become more real than their reality itself. Whatever the case, the armies around the world put down their swords and shields and sat back down in their chairs to finish watching tonight’s game of Suburbs and SUVs.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 200+ stories.


"Did everyone remember to level up your characters? Level 4 increases the intensity of this experience, so be sure you've given yourself all the skills you can. You'll need them." Ytverx grinned wickedly, the light glinting off his crown and nearly blinding the others.

Aralynn rolled her eyes as she flicked her finger, her parchment unfurling on the table at her gesture. "At least you lit enough torches this time. I would have been able to change that tire if it were light enough for me to read the correct modifier."

"Still bitter about needing me to push your car home, eh?!" Hector plopped himself into his chair, making the wood groan under his mass. He pulled a leather purse from his pocket and dropped it unceremoniously on the table, where it spilled bone dice onto the elegantly carved oak. Ytverx had commissioned an artisan to carve useful markings into it, forming a grid on which was already sketched out a chalk outline of a home. The same home that Aralynn, Hector, and Wyvyl's fantasy counterparts resided in.

*"I* still think we should have used one of our Three-A rescues to get that car home." A thin, high voice called from the chamber entrance.

Aralynn looked up with a surprised grin. "Wyvyl! I thought you would be gone today... were you able to undo the curse?"

The necromancer approached, limping. Her hair was matted and her skin deathly pale... to a slightly more extreme degree than usual. "No, but the healer assured me it won't be passed on unless someone kisses me." She threw a disparaging glance at Hector.

"That was in character!" He protested, arms crossed. "And I'm glad we saved our Three-A call... what if the car gets stranded on a freeway? We don't want to have all our toes cut off before then!"

The others had given up on convincing the barbarian that the rules did not, in fact, call for removing characters' toes as a means of payment for car services. Homophones were not his strong suit.

Ytverx pulled out his hidebound tome of rules and propped it on the table between himself and his players, creating a shield behind which he could make notes and roll dice without the others seeing the results. "I have something particularly difficult in mind for your next quest, but if you'd like your characters to do anything in particular beforehand, I'll give you, say, half a day in game time for free actions."

"Ooh! I've been waiting for this! Now that my animal husbandry skill is higher, I want to make a video of my dog doing a trick!" Hector was already rolling the appropriate die. "Thirteen! Plus three, is..."

"Sixteen," said Aralynn, unwilling to wait for Hector to perform addition on his own.

"A fair result," said Ytverx. "You capture a moment on video during which your dog performs a backflip. Would you like to post it to The Internet?"

Hector nodded. "Of course!"

"I'd like to do the same with my cat," said Wyvyl.

Ytverx gestured toward her pile of dice. "Go ahead."

Wyvyl rolled, and her face fell. "Eight. But I have my animal husbandry proficiency as a veterinarian, so the total is... also sixteen!" She smiled, pleased to think she should be able to capture a moment similar to Hector's dog flip.

"You capture a video of your cat rolling onto its back and meowing," Ytverx informed her.

"But..."

"You chose a cat as your companion animal. They are *much* more difficult to train than dogs," he preemptively cut off any protest about the unfairness as he rolled his own dice out of view. "Now, Hector, your video of your dog proves popular, and earns you... one dollar and fifty three cents in currency."

"Yeah!" Hector slams his fist on the table in celebration.

"Wyvyl, your video of your cat proves *more* popular, and earns sixty-two dollars and eleven cents."

Now it was Hector's turn to protest, but Ytverx raised his finger for silence. "Cats are difficult to train, but they provide bonuses on The Internet. This is all in the rules that *everyone* had a chance to read. Does anyone else want to do anything before the quest?"

Aralynn shook her head. "Let's get on with it."

Ytverx handed a folded piece of parchment to Wyvyl. "This arrives for you in the mail."

She took it gingerly, unfolded it, and read, her eyes widening. "Oh no." Looking back and forth between Ytverx and her other players, she swallowed. "I doubt we're prepared for this. We've been invited..." She turned it around to show the rest. On the parchment was some text accompanied by a large, colorful rendition of a pine tree dressed in baubles. "To a Christmas party!"


Cutulah was first to arrive, as usual. The cellar was empty, but she busied herself by lighting candles, setting up the board and then finally, pouring herself a drink from the huge oak barrel. 

She glanced at her palm, as if the lines that trailed it told her secrets they shared with no one else. Then she looked at the door. 

Still no one.

With a sigh, she swivelled off her stool and got down onto her knees. The corners were usually the best place to find what she was after. Cobwebs worked too, although their contents couldn't be *that* old. If too many legs were missing, it wouldn't be much fun. 

It only took a few minutes to gather, what she considered, a rather good haul. She got back to her feet, her hands cupped and full, and walked over to the board. Dead insects fell like black sleet onto the tiny, idyllic suburb.

"Ten gold pieces on the beetles!" shouted Burric, clapping his hands as he walked in. Cutulah looked up at the barbarian. He was wearing fur around his groin, a sword around his back, but little else. *Wasn't he cold?* Cutulah didn't mind too much. His tanned, chiselled features made her for a second, ashamed; she ran a finger down a thin, pale cheek.

Jateex the Goblin King trotted in next, his skull boots clicking and clacking on the stone floor. "Oh, a little pre-game fun? Excellent. Excellent. Fifty on the spiders!" he said, settling down onto a stool, his beady eyes following the frantic back and forth battle.

"Come on, dung beetle! Snap their legs!" yelled Burric. "Aye, that's the way! Chase 'em, chase 'em! *No*, not into the web! Ach, idiot."

A cold wind spiralled around the cellar, announcing the final arrival. The long legged Dark Elf glided through the doorway and over to the table. She tutted when she saw the scene, then waved a hand over the battling insects. They fell into a dead slumber.

"What did ya do that for, woman!?" roared Burric, slamming his fist on the table. The insects jumped a final time, as if performing a sordid curtain call.

Llenynea rolled her eyes. "Please. I'm not here for *battling bugs.* Reanimation is the lowest form of entertainment." There was a palpable disdain in her voice. Cutulah's lips twitched but she said nothing. Instead, she left her seat again, and poured three drinks. One for the Barbarian, one for the Goblin King, and a refill for herself.

Llenynea placed a bag on the table, a bag as black as the sky outside the castle.  She clicked it open and removed a sleek, long necked jar that shone far brighter than the candles.

"Is that..." began Jateex, his mouth dribbling.

"Nectar, yes. With a little something extra. I would offer it around, but it would probably kill any of you, my friends." 

It was Cutulah's turn to roll her eyes, but in truth, a pang of jealousy in her stomach was letting itself be known. She'd never tasted nectar before -- not even the bastardised diluted stuff -- and probably never would.

"Shall we begin?" said Burric, clapping his hands together excitedly. "I feel like a dwarf whose been away away from his axe for a month. A wizard away from his weed pipe. Let's get going!"

There was a murmur of excited agreement.

Cutulah held out four cards face down. She offered them first to Jateex. His hand darted for one of the middle two cards, but then he stopped suddenly before taking, looked up slyly at Cutulah, and changed to the card on the left.

"Suburbs!" he shouted joyfully. "You thought Jateex, dumb! Jateex *not* dumb!"

Cutulah moved her hands over to Burric.

"Ah, SUV's," he said, clicking his tongue in annoyance. Cutulah let out a sigh of relief. No matter what happened, she wouldn't have to team with the stuck up Elf again. Things had ended rather *dangerously* the last time they had tried working together...

Finally, she offered the remaining two cards to Llenynea. The Dark Elf waved her hands over the cards, slowly moving her palms back and forth from one to the other.

"Wait!" yelled Burric. "Anyone else feel that breeze? A breeze like"--he turned and glared suspiciously at the elf--"*like darkness and ice*."

"A natural subterranean wind, I imagine," said Llenynea. "Cellars do get draughty, after all."

"Neh! Jateex felt it too," said the Goblin King. "*Unnatural.* Elf already try to cheat!"

"Preposterous!"

Cutulah frowned, then shuffled the two cards. "Take your pick," she said. "*Quickly.*

Llenynea growled and snatched the left card. She placed the SUV card face up on the table.

"Right," said Burric. "Let's begin."


G'ol Bognil let out an expansive sigh as he settled his considerable girth before the marble table. "Alright, before we get started, remind me your names and classes again?"

Lethus did not move but a phlegmy mutter emanated from under this black hood. "I am Steve. The dentist."

Polara was next to speak. Her glittering obsidian eyes dropped down to the character sheet in front of her. "I am a dual-class business exec and accountant named Mike the Magnificent."

G'ol Bognil blinked. "That sounds a bit over-powered to me...what is your backstory?"

A ghost of a smile appeared momentarily on Polara's black lips. "My father dedicated his life to the Demon of Alcohol and my mother was a pathetic weakling. I worked two jobs to put myself through college and then graduate school, where I studied under the tutelage of some of the mightiest professors in the land."

The bulbous, warty nose of G'ol Bognil wrinkled. "I feel like your characters always manage to receive the tutelage of some of the mightiest professors in the land. One of these days I am going to make you play a waitress."

Polara drew herself upright, the torch light reflecting off the onyx pendant around her neck. "The earthly vessel of Burkh the Devourer does not play waitresses."  

G'ol Bognil rolled his eyes and then let out a loud belch. "And finally...?"

The goblin king turned to look at a veritable mountain of a man whose face was almost completely lost behind wavy crimson hair and a bushy, fiery beard. "I, Garung the Decimator, Eviscerator of the Plainsmen and Bane of the Thrak, am playing..." 

Garung's brow creased as he squinted at his paper. "Millie, the Soccer Mom."

Polara snorted. There was no way to tell, but something about the dark aura surrounding Lethus suggested he was smirking. G'ol Bognil, however, frowned.

"What...can Myley do?"

"Millie. Her rumor and gossip skills are maxed out, so she is a powerful information broker. After years of training, the High Council of Home Owners has made her queen, meaning she wields the full power of the Covenants of C&R. Her arch-rival is Kaylie, Supreme Leader of the Association Between Parents and Teachers."

G'ol Bognil sighed. "Try to keep it IC, please. In the faraway land of North Suburbtown, they do not have queens or supreme leaders - they have presidents and heads."

Somewhere behind his giant beard Garung the Decimator was scowling but he said nothing. 

G'ol Bognil opened a flask of Mountain Ale and took a long pull, then belched again. "Alright. It is Saturday, and you all find yourselves at the Park of Dark Cul-de-Sac. Mike, you are here for a company picnic/fundraiser. Steve, you are watching your son play in the Tournament of Soccer, where he and his companions are trying to best the All-Stars of Cityhome. And...Millie --"

Polara made an amused noise that she tried to cover by sniffing loudly. 

"-- you, of course, are coaching a different team nearby. The sky is gray - strangely overcast for a day in April. The green lawns squish slightly under the feet of the Tournamenteers, and various obese humans sit in flimsy makeshift thrones to watch. The sounds of dogs barking ring out from the housing development, swelling ever louder...as you turn in the direction of the noise, you see a gazebo looming in the distance..."

* * *

/r/ShadowsofClouds


The War Council’s table was large enough to comfortably seat ten, which meant that the four of them had ample space between them. They waited patiently for Vorporl to usher the last of the attendants out, unfurl the banners outside which read “War Council In Session”, then shutter the heavy wooden doors.

“Are you sure… they can’t hear us from outside?” asked Groggzor, with his grip still firmly around his war-axe.

“What kind of genie do you take me for?” Vorporl said, as he swirled in a purple cloud back to the head of the table. “This be the third such session, Warchief, and no spy has yet uncovered what it is we do here.”

“They had better not,” said Curllex, as she drummed her long, deformed digits on the table. “I come here at great risk, and my people still think I am here to fan the flames of war. Even the lowest goblin will rise up against me if they knew the truth.”

“Not just you, not just you,” said Nymae, her voice hushed by the dark cowl which perpetually shrouded her features. “I hold much sway yet over the night elves, but ‘tis would beggar belief. I risk just as much as anyone here.”

Nefatim, surly as always, merely nodded, concentrating as he did on animating the rat skeleton before him.

“Time slips by so fleetingly,” said Vorporl, as he clapped his hands. “Welcome back, my friends, to yet another heart-stilling, pulse-stopping, mind-numbing session of the greatest decadence. It is, once again, the moment for you to cast your minds back to that rift we tore, those glimpses of a world we saw… and play *Serene Suburbia*, a campaign like no other, set in the mystical world of *Suburbs and SUVs*…”

Vorporl concentrated, and turned purple briefly as the magic spilled out of him, washing over the table, his guests, the chamber, spinning an illusion so complete that even Nymae had difficulty piercing through the veil.

“Character sheets?”

The four of them nodded conspiratorially as they thumped the sheafs of parchments before them. There was a fifth amongst them once, long ago, but Vorporl had not taken kindly to the kobold knight’s habit of being forgetful. Vorporl was an Ancient Antiquity, with vast reserves of magic at his command, and it had not taken much to reduce the offender to dust.

No one ever forgot their character sheets after. Everyone even volunteered to bring extra dice.

“Good, good,” said Vorporl, “it is always heartening to see that you care. And where we last left off, was Groggzor returning from a long and draining day from work. It is dinnertime, and will you, or will you not, end the evening in peace? Or will this road lead you down to one of carnage and bloodshed? We shall find out, as Groggzor opens the door, and walks in with his head down…”

Cruallax emptied a bag on the table, and various odds and ends tumbled out. She almost screeched in glee. “Ooh, ooh, I’ve got an Apron of Sensitivity + 1! I see Groggzor coming in, so I roll for a Perception check!”

She handed over the token of her hard-fought enchanted armor, and Vorporl ran a quick check to confirm it was not counterfeit. He nodded, then the dice rolled.

“Ah, and so it is that you sense that Groggzor is troubled! What do you say next, Cruallax?”

“*Nothing!*” said Cruallax. “I’ve learned my lesson! I will retrieve a frigid Ale from the icechest instead, hand it over to Groggzor, then leave him be while I continue preparing dinner!”

Vorporl fought to stifle his smile. Goblins were naturally disadvantaged in many ways, and had only kept their seat on the War Council by being twice as brutal as the next species. Cruallax may have been Queen for over a decade, but her rule would corrode as soon as she ever demonstrated a softer side.

“Aha!” said Vorporl, as he consulted his tome. “Your good intentions are at risk, Cruallax! An Event of Politically Incorrect Sexism lurks about the corner! If you fail this roll, Groggzor will reject your kind offer, and castigate your action as a manifestation of female oppression!”

“Noooo,” Groggzor bleated, as his face fell. “Groggzor want drink frigid Ale! Be nice to Groggzor too!”

“Not up to you, old boy. Go on, Cruallax, make the roll!”

Two dice came up low, and the last spun on its axis as they all held their breath. Vorporl ran a tough campaign, and he never pulled his punches. One single mistake could easily multiply, and they would be swimming in blood before they knew it.

“You… made it!” said Vorporl. “Groggzor accepts your entreaty! He is pleased!”

“Groggzor thankful,” he said, the grin spreading across his cheeks. “Groggzor like Ale given without hate. Groggzor also like when no keep ask Groggzor to kill for clan, and give Groggzor some time.”

“Groggzor is appeased,” said Vorporl. “He kicks his feet up, reads the evening paper, and the warm aroma wafting out of the kitchen only serves to wash away his fatigue and remind him of the precious family he has. Then, the pitter patter of feet, and his children tumble down the stairs. They embrace him, then sit before him, asking him to tell them about his day. Nymae, Nefatim, what say you?”

The two looked at each other, then nodded. Nymae, used to taking the lead, spoke for the two of them.

“We are both Not Irritating and Quite Understanding,” she said, as she picked from the tokens before them, holding up their treasured spoils from past campaigns. “My brother and I acquired these Qualities from vanquished foes, and we employ them now. We are grateful for anything our father says, and instead we start heading off to help set the dinner tab-”

“No. No do,” said Groggzor, as he slammed his fist down on the table. “No do. Me roll. Me roll, me want to tell story.”

Silence, as Vorporl calculated the odds, and the other players swallowed carefully.

“Me want tell story. Me roll.”

“Erm, Groggzor, hey,” said Nymae. “Look, how about you let us pass this Event, then after, when Vorporl’s gone, how about we listen to your story then?”

“No, no do,” said Groggzor, as his veins popped out. He was obviously struggling for control, and he kept his voice low, lest a battlecry seep out uncontrollably. “Me do story. No one care for Groggzor story, and me want tell.”

Vorporl sighed, then handed the dice over. It was understandable, in a way. Barbarians were hardly known for their eloquence, and as fate would have it, the one person in their entire fiefdom who should be so smitten by the Bard’s Curse would be their leader, the one person who should have washed himself of every undesirable trait and quality.

“Be my guest. But remember, fail the check, and your children will get bored with your story. They will not pass their Rebellion check, and angered, you will strike them down, sever their limbs from their body…”

“Me roll.”

They only realized they were holding their breaths after the last die came to a complete stop.

“… you passed,” said Vorporl, half in amazement. “With a Charisma count of negative one, you actually passed.”

Groggzor was all smiles as he turned to his ‘children’.

“Groggzor go to building to work. On way, woman fall down, and hurt her knee. Help, she say, my blood leave me! Me scream! She scream! No cleric to cast Cure Light Wound! Me find hunter lurking nearby, me ransack his body to find Salve! Me put on woman, she have new leg, she thank me. Me like, real smart, very stable genius. Story end.”

Nefatim’s pet rat, bleached a few shades whiter from the caustic power of the crappy story, scuttled off the table in search of a hiding place.

“… good job, Groggzor,” said Vorporl. “Moving on, Nymae, Nefatim, it is now your turn. Your father has given both of you a handful of sweets from work. You both know you will soon Squabble over the division of the loot. Now, the Squabble has an encounter rating of 30, which means that even working together, it is likely that you will end up quarrelling-”

A sharp rap on the doors, and the party fell silent.

“Vorporl! I bring grave tidings! The dragons to the south, they are marauding again! They threaten the very existence of the five Kingdoms! Please, open the door, convene a full War Council! We must fight for our survival!”

All four of them sighed as they divided up their tokens, received the Experience and Life Skills stubs Vorporl was handing out, then secreted their character sheets away. A glumness had descended upon them, like a carnivorous slime.

“Cheer up,” said Vorporl. “We meet again fourteen moons from today, after the dragons are vanquished. Maybe then, we will have a bit more time to enjoy a bit more *Serenity*. Until then…”

“… just more bloodshed,” said Nefatim, the only words he spoke that day.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


"Zixor the Fallen, we don't just have to roll dice to see how depressed teens and desperate housewives are," Priestess Aerosmith Daughter spoke in a warm yet authoritative tone. "You will find the emerging market of independent rulesets that focus on collaborative narrative and nuance that-"

"You're just salty your many critical failures at the luncheon made your mimosa and wine problem clear to everybody!" Zixor sneered between bites of their untouchable GM pizza.  Nobody ever commented on the Skeletorian nasal whine but they all quietly knew it. "Sloppy drunks shouldn't even be driving SUVs in my suburban haven!"

Citi the Goblin King and Uv Violence the Barbarian Warlord silently chewed their Ye Olde Cheese Dudes 7 item value meals.  They'd witnessed some variation of this argument at every mid-session meal break. They knew to let it ride. The pair had an ongoing wager on when the necromancer and the elf would finally make out and/or fistfight.

Zixor threw their Mama Celeste pizza box at the skeleton servants over on the flesh couch. Next came a mocking reenactment of the JV Soccer Fundraising Committee Sunday Brunch.  "Oh, Zixor had planned a brilliant series of operatic twists and turns the table clearly craves week after  week but No;  I can't make fortitude and will saves! Time to spotlight my Drinking Problem once more, just like my torrid affair with the poolboy being oopsie-revealed last week. Or the time the session became burying-slash-replacing the dog I ran over the week before.. And let's not forget the hair salon battle royale!"

"It's developing character," The princess countered. "Maybe McKenna vamps and chews the scenery a bit, but what do you expect from a former homecoming queen cheerleading captain drama club president on her second unfulfilling marriage going through a midlife crisis?" 

"For her to get her shit together a little. Maybe interact with the other members of the Committee instead of going on these personal sidequests."

"Oh. Oh my. " Citi piped up. "Taking over the goth teen wannabe wiccan, formerly known as GM-PC #17, doesn't have a lot of plot hooks for me to explore. Oh, other than begrudge her upper middle class luxury and watch The Craft on blu ray. Oh, I'm thinking her mom has been dragging her to these brunches so they can later throw shade together as a bonding experience. But there's enough of that now."

Violence nodded. "But it so true. My Cynthia has felt distant from my high school daughter Gothy McGothface and middle school son Soccer "Kicks" Futballio. Ever since McKenna drowned their father but made it look like an accidental fall  into our backyard pool." 

"Citi shouldn't have had him two-timing with McKenna and half the Committee anyway.." The princess gave a Bjorkian wispy gesture and scowl to accent this point. 

"Don't forget the committee's assorted husbands and poolboys. He excelled at two-timing. Twice over. Two-two-timing. " Violence offered. 

"Four timing. To the power of four. At minimum," Citi smiled a wicked lil grin. "Oh That's how I likes to play them - high charisma and seduction. Oh my. And oh, once I levelled up I would've used the Black Widow feat to slow motion genocide the entire town, one lover at a time, boosting my vigilant criminal watch stats in exchange for humility and humanity points I don't even need. Oh, it was so fiendishly clever!  Leading the manhunt on myself. A pity I died before my time. 

"I am ever so weary of making a new character every other session. Nobody else has died yet. The inept detective needs to stop his moonlit strolls with Cynthia and start finding all my corpses. Oh, can I be a coroner after Gothy dies in a bathtub under mysterious McKenna related circumstances?" 

"I like that we are so derailed that's just expected, " Violence said between deep bemused inhales. "Remember at the start when the campaign was supposed to be managing home renovation money pits? Did we ever even binge on the basic cable real estate twins? Zixor spent a week revising hundred page Deepest Lore  for them." 

"What if we didn't need false dramatics
to have a good time?" The princess arched an eyebrow. "I have recently mastered the SMUG system. It can open new depths of ennui and quiet desperation."

Zixor scoffed and dramatically exited for the bathroom with a loud drop of a Plus Two Scepter of the Undead. What does an elf know of desperation?

Citi and Violence exchanged glances. 

"They have a splat on something  called podcasting,"" Aerosmith Daughter continued.  "No more purpose driven addiction-prone yuppies. Now you are tubby underemployed thirtysomethings that share meandering conversations and aged pop culture references. It's all only tangentially related to the topic that brings us together and each one ends with either begging for money or describing mattresses and undergarments delivered regularly by municipal kingdom servants." 

"So what would we talk about?"

"So glad you asked. I shall soon self-publish a meta-narrative module that I wanted us to playtest. The characters review game books of their realm meant to emulate our own world. And maybe movie reviews. There can never be enough movie review podcasts."

Citi and Violence nodded in unison. "Can we be severely depressed and self-deprecating? Carry the weight of the long slog of life's constant little failures and setbacks? Can we overinvest ourselves in our hobbies to the detriment of the rest of our lives? Suffer faulty equipment ? Attend gatherings of similar aimless souls?"

"I see you intuitively understand the format." 

Meanwhile, Zixor tried to drown in the bathtub but came back as a lich.  Snuck out the bathroom window to find a table that appreciated a good railroading.


The air was tense, as each of the on lookers watched with drawn breath at the card rising from the deck slowly. Its drawer's hand shaking due to nerves at what the faiths might have in store for him. One eye closed, and one eyes opening, Slug looked at the card he had drawn. His face suddenly erupted with joy, as he threw the card before the other players in pride. Written in cursive were the words "Extra Alimony this month".

"It appears my no good ex-husband owes me extra alimony this month!" Slug announced,as his character Candice "the stay at home mom and PTA member" received a bonus to her luck stat. A large sigh of disapproval escaped the other players mouths. 

"Oh great...the harlot gets more luck. Was taking your offspring away from him not enough?"Hella, the Grand Priestess of Gaia, asked as she surveyed the room around her. She was playing the character of Amanda "Over achiever and President of the Student body". 

"In all that is fair...Candice did have a pretty great lawyer." Moluk stated, smirking to herself as she rested face lay in the palm of her hand, elevated by her elbow. The necromancer was referring to herself of course, whose character was Norman "The dirtiest lawyer in the state". 

"Your tongue may be silver, necromancer. But my baking skills have kept my husband,our adopted son, and I in high standing among the christian community. All this, because of my Brownies." Gri-dor announced, a hearty laugh escaping his heavily bearded mouth. He played Alex "A loving husband, father, and baker". 

"NOTHING CAN STOP THE MIGHTY ALEX!" Gridor announced, as he stood up to draw the next card. Suddenly, his face grew dark and he slumped down in his seat. His eyes wide with horror, as he looked over the faces of his fellow players. 

"What does it say, mighty Alex?" Slug asked, raising one end of his thick unibrow at the warlord. 

"I...found a lump..." Gri-dor stated, as the other players looked around at each other. It was true, written on the card was the words "you found a lump". 

"And just after you used your health insurance card to bring your 5 year old to the hospital for his appendix." Moluk mocked taking enjoyment in this, as Gri-dor smashed his goblet of mead in his large hand out of frustration.  

"I CANNOT DIE! What of my family? My bakery?" Gri-dor began to panic, as he looked over his character sheet. 

"Roll to check its severity!" Hella stated, as Gri-dor threw the dice across the table. Hoping it would land on a low number. 

"7.So its treatable, but your relationship with your husband becomes strained as a result and you miss a turn to go to therapy." Hella explained, to a much relieved Gri-dor. 

"But, David stays with me right?" Gri-dor asked, rolling the dice again. Slug let out a laugh at the result. 

"Oh how I love this game!" Moluk announced, clapping in joy.


"Burgi! So you made it!" Morlaoth, the necromancer, exclaimed. "I guess your pillaging went well yesterday?"

Burgi furrowed his gigantic brow in concentration. "Pillage... good. Burgi kill... many. Make much gold." He breathed a sigh of relief after the last word. His throat was still sore from all that shouting.

"Good, good," Morlaoth agreed. "Here's your chair. Sorry about the guts, I had no time to clean before you came. Undead uprising, you know." Burgi nodded.

The door gave an ominous creak, and Morlaoth clapped his hands, giddy with excitement, as his undead butler went to welcome his other guests. A hand touched his shoulder.

"Eek!" Morlaoth gave a strangled screech as he whirled around. 

"What? Art thou afeared?" The voice came from nowhere.

"You - You've done the invisible thing again, Domalia," Morlaoth squeaked.

The air fizzled, and Domalia appeared. "Thy guards like me not, Morlaoth. 'Tis a matter of my safety."

"Oh, of course, of course." Morlaoth muttered nervously. "Ah... your seat." He gestured to an empty seat, and the beautiful sorceress lowered herself into it.

A tiny goblin hobbled into the room. "Ciank!" Morlaoth exclaimed, "You made it!"

"Yes, yes. No thanks to that one, of course," the goblin said, inclining his head towards Burgi. "His warriors have been on my lands for a week now." He shook his head. "But no matter."

As Morlaoth and the goblin king made themselves comfortable, Domalia started setting up her folder.

"Oh, Domalia, you can't be the Suburb Master!" Morlaoth cried in dismay. "Who will be the mom?"

"Thou shalt be the mom if thou so chooseth," Domalia muttered. "If thou art not too... scared."

"I already made my character sheet, Domalia," Morlaoth whined. "It took me ages, and my blood-ink was drying out."

Domalia glowered at him, her red eyes really giving it the right effect. "Now shalt be the reading of the character sheets. Burgi, thou shalt go first."

"Name - Burger. Race - Football. Class - No." Burgi read with difficulty.

"Burger? That's practically the same as your name!" Morlaoth exclaimed. He started to say more, but found his mouth clamped shut by magical forces.

Domalia's voice shook the dust from the rafters far above them. "It shalt be as he hath chosen!"

"His race can't be football, though, can it? And he has to choose a class, surely." Ciank argued. Domalia held her head in her hands.

"Burger do... football race. Burger not... in class, busy football race." Burgi explained laboriously.

"That meaneth Burger's class is athlete," Domalia explained gently. "And race meaneth... what colour person Burger is."

"Burger... person colour!" Burgi exclaimed. Then, after looking at the glowering soot-coloured elf, the annoyed, milk-white necromancer, and the disinterested green goblin, he amended his statement. "Uh, red-white, like Burgi."

Making the necessary changes to Burgi's character sheet, Domalia asked, "Sex?"

Morlaoth stifled a snicker as Burgi turned bright red. "Women. Only women." Morlaoth started to correct Burgi, but Domalia had already written *female* in the appropriate spot.

"Okay, all thy stats appear to be in order. Morlaoth, what is thy character?"

"Morgan, a male Caucasian necromancer," Morlaoth smirked.

Domalia made a face. "There are no necromancers allowed," she hissed, turning her glowering eyes back on.

Morlaoth frowned. "That's a bit harsh, Domalia. Why not?"

Domalia shook her head. "There is no necromancy in the game."

Morlaoth was shaken. He shuffled through his papers for a second, finding the sheet of approved classes. His face went even whiter. "I - I guess a doctor?" His voice shook as he spoke.

"And thy stats are acceptable," Domalia nodded. "Ciank?"

"Charlie, male African-American toddler," the goblin croaked.

"Thou art aware that toddler is the weakest class?" Domalia asked, tapping her pen on Morlaoth's stone table.

"Yes." Ciank offered no further explanation.

"Morlaoth, since thou art the most powerful and oldest of the players, thou shalt be the dad. Burgi, thou art a *teenager* in, uh, *high school.* Thou wilt have to go to class, so thou canst be on the football team. Ciank, thou requireth a *babysitter* or thou mayst go to *preschool.*"


“What do you mean ‘fired’?”  
“Oh shit, you’re fucked.”  
“Shut up, Cleasz,” the orc hissed back.  
Amaria, the priestess, pinched the bridge of her nose and squeezed her eyes closed in frustration. “You can’t just go around threatening people on Earth.” This wasn’t the first time she had had to explain this concept to the group. Hell, it happened so often she thought about house ruling that it was okay. But she would be damned if she let these players ruin her story.  
“Can I talk my way out of it?”  
The group laughed at the orc.  
“It would be like,” the priestess shook her head as if trying to brush away a troublesome blowfly. “It’s at least a DC of 50 and I know you can’t make that. You need to do something though cause he’s probably going to call the cops on you.”  
“Those are the guards,” interjected Cleasz helpfully. The goblin nursed a particular fondness of terrorizing the orc warlord.  
“I can’t threaten this bastard but I sure as hell can threaten you,” the orc said as he reached for his sword. But it wasn’t there. That was another rule the priestess had had to enforce since a few of the early sessions had resulted in some light maiming. Frustrated, the orc turned back to the game. “What am I supposed to do? I have those damn bills you keep giving me and without this job I can’t send little,” he consulted his character sheet, “Billy junior to private school and my,” another glance at the sheet, “Wife will have my head.”  
“Right, but your more immediate problem is still dealing with your boss. He’s already called security to escort you from the building.”  
“Maybe,” came the needled drawl of the necromancer, “You should just kill him, get arrested, and then roll a new character.”  
“No,” the priestess said quickly, “you’re seeing this through one way or another. Even if you are arrested there are whole other story lines I can make because Earth prisons aren’t like ours and there are a lot of things that can happen in there. Plus, it takes them years to execute people instead of days. They’re a lot different.” She hoped that was enough of a threat to make the warlord back down because it was almost entirely a bluff. What the hell kind of story could she tell in a prison?  
The orc cursed and consulted his character sheet once more. “I’ll roll diplomacy then.”  
“To do what?”  
“Not get the cops called on me.”  
“And what will you say?” That should stump the orc for a few minutes to let the priestess think of different ways to handle the situation. Amaria didn’t want to blacklist his character and throw the whole group into disarray; not when they were so close to their next objective.  
“Uhh,” boulder sized hands scratched at the orc’s stubbled chin, “I guess, I’m sorry?”  
Cleasz laughed again, “Don’t hurt yourself there.”  
“It’s a good start,” Amaria said, casting the goblin a venomous stare.  
Dice rolled.  
“Okay, he accepts your apology, but you’re still fired. Your boss looks at you more with pity than fear now and says he won’t mention this to other employers so you could possibly find another job which is super generous of him because he could make a few phone calls and no one would hire you. They allow you time to gather your things before escorting you out of the building.”  
“I guess I need to do a sending to my wife?”  
“You mean make a phone call?” The goblin cackled as the necromancer corrected the orc.  
“She is going to kill you,” Cleasz said gleefully.   
“She can’t,” the orc turned to Amaria, doubt in his eyes, “Can she?”  
“It happens sometimes, but no your wife won’t actually kill you. Thankfully you rolled an IT character so finding jobs isn’t too big of a problem. They’re kind of Earth’s equivalent of wizards so people always need them for different things and there are a lot of ways to specialize. Plus, you get programming in two levels which gives you a lot more freedom.”  
“He’ll need it when he gets fired again.” Cleasz’s laugh was cut short as the warlords hands wrapped around his throat. High pitched squeals like a dire rabbit filled the dungeon as the warlord throttled his teammate.  
Amaria pinched the bridge of her nose again as she cast a freezing spell on the two.  
“You know,” the necromancer said as he stood, “I think that might be a record. You only had to freeze them six times tonight.” He gathered his character sheet and model cars. “Same time next week?”  
“I’ve got a summoning so I might be a bit late, but yeah; same time next week.”


Ellashandra, High Priestess of Cinthrall, looked at the d20 in front of her.  "Seriously?  Another 1?  Are you *sure* you didn't curse my dice?" She asked petulantly of the floating skull across the table from her.

Xenxar the Barbaraian snorted at her misfortune.  "Of course they aren't cursed I keep rolling 20s. And I've been using the same dice,  I'll have my own back as soon as I boil them clean again."

"Do I want to know whose brains your cleaning off your dice bad this time?"  Asked Ellashandra.

Xenxar blushed and began to stammer "H-hey, it's not my fault.  Draskic enchanted my dice to glow an evil red, so I wear them around my neck in battle to intimidate my enemies!  They can't help but get a little messy from time to time.  I mean they are kind of at brain splatter height after all."

Ellashandra replied pointedly.  "Yes, we all know, that why I'm asking him if he enchanted *my* dice too!"  She then shot him a dark glare full of promise.

Draskic, the floating skull across the table, grinned at them both.  Because, of course, he was a skull, and there aren't many other expressions a skull can show.  "Perhaps your God is influencing your rolls Ell.  He *is* the god of domination after all.  He's probably just showing you who's boss."

Ellashandra replied sharply. "That's not how that works!  You don't understand the true meaning of--"

"Both of you be hush, or we are never going to finish this campaign!"  Interrupted the green skinned Hrequarl from the last side if the table.  "I've got a lot more planned if we can get to it tonight.  You rolled a 1 on your group charisma check with the other soccer moms.  That means you forgot to even bring treats at all.  The children are all utterly decimated.  They go home hungry, thirsty, and angry.  The other soccer moms shun you entirely for the next month.  You get home to your husband. Sad and dejected.  He asks you--"

"Devastated"  interjected Xenxar.

"What?" Asked Hrequarl.

"Decimated means to destroy one in ten.  The world you're looking for is devastated, not decimated." Replied Xenxar.

"Oh shut up Xen" said Elle angrily.  "I'm getting really tired of this lame game.  It makes no sense at all!  How do you expect me to suspend disbelief when these rediculous situations keep being presented.  First the children are in a battle, over a stupid ball of all things.  Next, the worst injury any of them sustain is some grass stains on their knees.  And instead of praising whatever god they worship that nobody died, they instead expect me to feed their own horrible offspring?  My character doesn't even *like* any if them.  Why in Cinthrall's dark name would I feed their damned kids?  They can feed their own kids!"

Hrequarl started to reply. "But that's not--"

Ellashandra cut him off sharply.  " But that's not the worst of it, no.  Last week we did that *church* campaign and you expected me to accept that most of the people there weren't after power.  None of them even sacrificed so much as a rodent, and they were mostly there just to keep their parents and kids from judging them.  The only part that made the tiniest but of sense was all the snide comments they kept making to each other as they self-righteously judged each other for every little thing."

Draskic replied first.  "You're just upset that you've had a bit of bad luck Ella.  The whole point is escapism into a different world where the rules are all different.  It's fun once you start rolling better!"

Hrequarl sighed and said "look, if you want to stop for tonight we can.  I'll try to modify the *Soccer Season* campaign to make it more believable to you."

Ellashandra sniffed and replied.  "See that you do!  Come Xen, I need to get some things out of my system."  She grabbed her whip and pulled on her thigh high black boots.

Xenxar looked at the rest, let out a big grin and replied.  "You don't need to ask me twice!"

As they got up to leave, neither one noticed Draskic softly chant another curse, renewing his spell on Ellashandra's dice.

"You know one if these nights, Ella is going to start casting dispel in those and then what are you going to do?" Said Hrequarl.

"I don't think so.  She just got the black and pink glow perfect on them.  She'd have to start over customizing them."  Laughed Draskic. "Besides, once she gets jealous enough of Xen, perhaps she will dump him.  Then I'll have my chance with her."

Hrequarl snorted derisively.  "You're a floating skull.  I've probably got a better chance with her than you do!"

"Don't judge!  The ways of necromancy are dark and mysterious."  Said Draskic.


OK. Apparently when I think of suburbs and SUVs I think of corporate corruption. I'll discuss it with my therapist. Since it's already written though...  

**Sakar the Necromancer:** My character, Matt (lvl 12 Corporate Crony), casts *NetflixChoiceParalysis* on the neighbors and steals their plasma tv.  
**GM:** Damnit Sakar, this is your last Out of Character warning. Next time you lose a level.  
**Sakar:** OK. I go to work and raise the prices on our pharmaceuticals as much as possible.  
**GM:** *Rolls dice*. OK. ooh, not the best roll for you. You only manage to raise the prices 3000%.  
**Sakar:** Crom-almighty! Get some better dice. How come I always get the bad rolls? OK. I also move our workforce to India, displacing 1500 jobs and paying the Indian employees two dollars a day.    
**GM:** *Rolls dice*. OK. You successfully offshore your entire call center. Between the Pharma price increases and the call center relocation, you make the company 1.8 billion dollars. You are promoted. Congrats you level up to 13. But, there is blowback. You are now under federal investigation for price fixing and RICO Act violations. The displaced employees have also filed a class action lawsuit against you.  
**Sakar:** No problem. I cast *CorporationsArePeople*.  
**GM:** *Rolls dice*. Excellent results! You are now immune to lawsuits and federal prosecution. But the company's stock is going to take a hit when this all goes public.  
**Sakar:** OK. I'll dump my shares through that contact I made last session with that hedge fund manager...Kurt I think. Over at Steele and Lhye, LLC. Also, do I have enough mana left to cast *GoldenParachute*?  
**GM:** OK. Your contact is Kurtz, and he is willing to purchase them through his firm for a 3% cut. You have enough mana, but the spell requires the presence of a Level 10 or higher Lawyer...and the lawyer has to have an Scruples stat of less than 4.  
**Troll-Thunder the Barbarian:** Me have Lawyer. Level 12! Scruples 1! Raawr!  
**GM:** *Picks up dice* OK, lets see how this goes...


"...and within this safe--which Karok just wonderfully hacked--you find a money-clip, two magazines--adult--and a smartphone."

"MINE!" Deidre cried. "I call the smartphone! Is it enchanted??"

The others around the table groaned, sneered, or sighed. Deidre had this tick, it seemed, where she always called a found item for her own. Seeing as the elven woman was as fair and (sometimes) foul as one could be, her companions often let her selfishness slide.

After all, she was married to the necromancer.

"Benji," she said to her husband, "Even though I'm not in that room right now, could you be a doll and pick up my new smartphone?"

"I suppose so, Babe, but you're not even in this house yet! You decided to stay behind at the Trader Joe's so you could count our Bitcoins! Don't you remember? It's just the three of us here now."

Deidre turned her frustrated gaze to her husband, her lover. "Then... You get *nothing* tonight." Only one corner of Deidre's silken lips curled into a knowing smirk. As easily as that, she won.

Benji, playing as a jock--a defensive lineman with a really severe case of berserker's rage--sighed and said: "I approach the safe and snatch the gotdamn phone, okay?"

"Okay," their other companions muttered. These two, both staring somberly at their character sheets, counted their own equipment or loots from various sessions. Somehow, even now, Deidre got more than everyone else--and her character wasn't even in the room! But there she was, like every Sunday night, grabbing all the goods: the dope, the guns and knives, the electronics (she had nine different iPads by now). Deidre had even gained the group's first follower: a side-eyed pimp named 'Ramone'. And there she sat, chuckling still.

"Oops," Deidre said between chuckles, "I need to pee. BRB, boys." Deidre got up and walked out of the game room, soon disappearing into the darkness of the hallway. When she was out of sight, the others exchanged glances...

Benji started a quick conversation with their DM, asking about his theories on the 'flat-earth' movement. Old, wise Gandolf began to recite the importance of systematic socialization and exchange of knowledge, ideas... While the weathered DM continued to ramble on, the barbarian and the goblin king took turns looking over Deidre's character sheet.

Only a minute later, Deidre returned and reclaimed her seat. "Wait," she said immediately, noticing fresh eraser marks on her sheet. "I'm missing something... I'm missing some *things*..."

Karok and Thung both did their bests to play it cool; the goblin had a noticeably harder time hiding his guilt than the hefty barbarian. Gandolf, almost always all-knowing, had been enraptured by his soapbox speech; Benji had stopped listening almost instantly. The ruse had seemed to work--until now. It would not last for long.

"Someone took my QP of Granddaddy Purp. And I'm also missing my Apple watch. Now, we all know it took three weeks for me to get that stupid watch! +3 my ass. Who took it?! Fess up right now!"

No one spoke. Deidre snapped her angry glare on her husband.

"Well?"

"Uh," the necromancer mumbled, "I need to pee, too." Benji quickly rose from his chair and exited the room.

"I see," Deidre whispered vindictively. She ripped a page from her notebook, swiftly scrawled a message, then passed the note to Gandolf.

The mage's bushy eyebrows seemed to rise three full inches up on his forehead. "Really? ...Are you sure?" he asked, almost silently.

Deidre simply nodded, her lips drawn into a tight, thin line.

"Alright then," Gandolf began, sounding both sad and resigned, "as the jock exits the room where you found the safe, a cold, dark mist begins to rise around Karok and Thung's feet...

"Make a saving throw."

The barbarian tossed his green-orange 20-sided into the dice tray; the goblin snickered as he did the same with his puke-yellow die.

"Rook resists the chilling effects--with a 14. Unfortunately," Gandolf turned his eyes on Thung's, "D-Baby is paralyzed--with a 3."

Karok smashed a hammered fist against the tabletop, in glee. Thung, on the other hand, groaned. He knew what was coming.

They all did.

Deidre's ghostly specter arose from the gathering mist behind her companions. The witchy spell-thief did exactly as her note had entailed: rapidly, she struck out with her enchanted switchblade, digging its stiletto point deep into Karok's shoulder. (Deidre rolled. Critical hit!) "You take nine surprise damage, Karok," Gandolf noted. Deidre's character then reached out with a blue-gray hand, shimmering in magical fire, and hit the goblin with a shock of e coli.

"Ooph," said Gandolf, shaking his head and frowning, "You take minus ten HP from your maximum, Thrung: D-Baby's pretty sick."

Benji, meanwhile, was hiding in the hallway, hoping his wife wouldn't lash out at him too. He was a fool.

Deidre's character, enraged, withdrew a +7 Republican-Biased Trump Gun. This she aimed at the wall and opened fire. (Deidre rolled once more. 12. Not a critical, but definitely a solid hit.)

"Oh, man," Gandolf said. A bead of sweat rolled down his long forehead to be caught in his brow. "Sorry, Benji...

"The sound of Deidre's trump gun is loud and obnoxious, but devastating nonetheless! Bentarius, still in hiding outside of the safe room, is showered with plaster and takes... ah... oh... plus the bonuses... uh, Deidre? Is that a plus 6 or a plus 7 trumper?"

"It's a plus 7," she clarified proudly.

Gandolf's face seemed to go white--whiter than normal, anyhow.

"Benji," the wizard said, "I do believe you're dead."

"Dammit!" Benji howled as he stepped back into the game room. "Not again, Dee! This is the third time this month!"

Deidre offered an innocent shrug and reached for her companions' character sheets, ready to loot her friends. "What would you prefer, dear? A knife in the back? Or a few less Bitcoins to revive you?"

"I think I'd rather play Monopoly next time."


**SUBURBS AND SUBARUS**

[A hip hop track written to [this beat](https://youtu.be/e_8HfKsntnk?t=25s)]

Suburbs and Subarus

Suburbs and Subarus

I live the life I choose

Playing Suburbs and Subarus

x2

Krogdar the troll king, with power I wield

A big magic sword and enchanted shield

The field of battle rattles with every victory

But for real this "Seattle" to me is a mystery.

For how else can you eat if your Foods are not Whole?

Gaining strength without life-or-death fights for your soul?

Our lives are so cold and Carol's home has indoor heating

But I can't manage the challenge of PowerPoints for the meeting

Mr Stevens my manager is treating me like I'm dumb

I'm not dumb I would crush him, crush him under my thumb 

Then I had to go and roll a lowly Nat 1

Powerlessness is the essence of what I find so fun

For I can crush your skull and suck the blood from your veins

There's no limit and then with it no surprises remain

Insane though I appear I fear you are mistaken

It's MY time to have the kids, Sheila, don't make me break in!

Suburbs and Subarus

Suburbs and Subarus

That's the life I choose

Playing Suburbs and Subarus

x2


The game had started as a strategy to enter the other realm in the same way that the suburban humans had entered their own. By playing these strange, weak, passive characters engaging with their magicless quests to achieve seemingly meaningless goals, this unprecedented alliance of beings had hoped to squash the intrusion of humans into their realm. The intrusion of humans in the very bodies of their peoples, as they adopted them as characters in their 'game'.

But it hadn't worked. For seven weeks, they had met every 'Wednesday evening after work' at human realm 7pm and adopted the characters of middle class suburbanites. But they had not successfully entered the realm. Why were they meeting again?

 Lingnith rolled a D8. "I'm going to use my cantrip." She looked questioningly up at the necromancer Dungeon Master. 
He looked at his notes, "what, 'get an Uber'?"
Lingnith, elven high priestess, was playing a 20 year old college student with rent in arrears due to her drinking habits. She checked her notes. 

"no, no, I've got 'Ask Parents for Money'. I've got to roll a D8 above 5 to overcome their disappointment". 

It was a 6.

"ah. Okay. Your Dad answers the phone. He knows you want to ask for money, because he is familiar with your pathetic nature. He doesn't help make you comfortable. He tells you about his game of golf." 

The goblin King, laughed. "this is good! Make her talk about golf! Ask him a question *Sandra*, pretend you are interested!" He enjoyed calling this high priestess something so ignominious as *Sandra*. 

She didn't react to the Fey Goblin monarch's taunting. "I say, 'Daddy, I'm in trouble' ". 

Lingnith had to admit to herself, that she was having fun. And she'd noticed that there was less and less talk of whether or not this game was working, of how to *really* get to the suburban realm. It seemed that the others were having fun, too.

Everyone laughed.

" 'Daddy!' She called him daddy! That gives him feelings! ", the goblin king slapped the table again. 

The necromancer cleared his throat after gaffawing.

"His impotent heart melts at your childish language. 'oh princess, what's wrong?' he blubbers, completing the electronic funds transfer of an amount above that needed to cover your rent, even before you ask. 'I've sent you some money, honey. Is that enough?, he says, feeling protective love."

"idiot! She is going to spend it on vodka and life mistakes!"


"Welcome to my humble home," said the old man, with a smile as crooked as the picture that hung behind him.

"Thank you," Christian replied as his gaze jumped from one piece of priceless art to another. "I still can't believe you invited me," he muttered as he stared distractedly at the lifeless head of an ancient creature hung on the wall. "Is that a..."

"Deer," said the old man.

"Deer! Yes! I've read about deer! They roamed the land with the elephants and sabre-toothed ti..tig.."

"Tiger. And you're almost correct. They were a little *after* the sabre-toothed tiger became extinct. But I'm pleased you know your history somewhat. Come, dinner will be ready shortly, and I have something I'd like you to try, beforehand."

Christian marvelled at the statues and paintings that adorned the mansion, as he walked through the grand hall, down a long mahogany corridor and into a huge dining room.

"Wooden walls, wooden tables - it's just, mind boggling. Trees - the organic kind - they went so long ago... your house must be worth more than the entire city!"

The old man smiled again. "Worth isn't always in physical possessions. Sometimes, it's what's inside a person that really matters. Sit, please."

Christian pulled out a chair. In front of him sat a jewelled goblet. Christian peered in and made out a strange liquid inside. Curious, he held the goblet up and sloshed the contents about - a thin, clear liquid dribbled over the edge.

"Water," the old man said proudly, his tongue darting out to moisten his dry lips.

"Water?" Christian furrowed his brow. "No such thing. Not even you have access to water."

"Please, take a sip. I think you'll be surprised"

Christian stared at the old man for a moment, before raising the goblet once more and tilting it towards his mouth. 

"My God," he exclaimed wiping his mouth, "it tastes so damn pure! It's fantastic!" 

"I'm pleased you like it."

"I don't understand though. How did you procure it? There is *no* water any more."

"It's... courtesy of my previous guest."

"Your pre-" Christian began coughing.

"Yes. You see, water is very hard to get hold of. And yet, you and I are nearly all water, at a basic level. It's simply diluted with *unpleasantness*."

Christian's coughing became a wheeze and he fell to his knees. He began to retch and a warm, red liquid trickled out of his mouth.

"So you see, I must distill it. I'm glad you got to taste it beforehand. I believe everyone should get to taste water at least once. I'm sorry yours wasn't *quite* pure, but I don't think it would have affected the taste very much."


---

/r/nickofnight


Wesley woke just minutes before the pulse alarm in his AnimSuit went off. It was still dark outside, and in the fogginess which lies between consciousness and slumber, every fiber in his body willed him to lie still, listen to Sara snore gently next to him, burrow deeper into the covers.

Then, he remembered the game of Scrabble he had played with her, not two days ago. A sudden urgency, an intense loathing, seized him. He flung the covers away, then catapulted out of the bedroom, past the hallway, out the door.

In his haste to exit the capsule bunker, he missed a step, and came crashing on the hard soil outside. Here, gravity’s pull was not as jealous as it was on Earth, but he landed badly, fracturing his left forearm in two places. 

As Wesley lay on his back, chest heaving, staring up at the star-encrusted sky, the AnimSuit sparked to life. The tiny receptors attached to his spine pumped copious endorphins to suppress the pain in his arm, then the nanites coursing through his bloodstream, hailing the signals from the AnimSuit’s processors, slathered the fracture sites with synthesized collagen.

By the time Wesley had caught his breath, his arm had been mended, good as new.

A reminder flashed at the corner of his eyes, on the insides of the visorplate. Wesley didn’t need to read it to know that it referred to his first task of the day, which was to manually check the beacon to ensure that it was still broadcasting the distress signal out into the cold, indifferent galaxy.

Muscle memory carried him through for the next hour – he checked the protein vats, then the solar cells, then the stasis chambers. On his way to the observatory, where half the panels no longer functioned after the starship had crashed on this desolate planet, Sara accosted him, slipping her arms around him from behind.

“Someone’s been busy this morning,” she purred.

“Not now, Sara,” he said, gently untangling from her.

“Are you still upset because I beat you at Scrabble?”

“No, of course not.”

Wesley made it to his favourite spot in the observatory, and he leaned back, watching the twin suns slowly rise over the horizon. Sara sat next to him in companionable silence, for a while.

“What do you want to do today? Shall we take another crack at the movies? I’m fine watching even those mindless action flicks you like so much.”

“I thought perhaps I would just sit here today, think about things.”

“Think?” Sara chuckled. “You were never a thinker. Come on, we still have another week to go before we head back to the stasis chambers, let’s make the most of it!”

Wesley remembered when they had first discovered, against all odds, that the stasis chambers were still functional. They were the most fragile pieces of equipment on their expedition starship, and they represented the best chance of survival for Wesley and Sara, marooned as they were on this inhospitable rock.

The plan was simple – spend two weeks signalling for help, then the next twenty years in stasis, then repeat, until such time as help finally came. Without the stasis chambers artificially extending their lifespans, there was no way help would ever come in time.

But now… the thought of going back into those chambers…

“How long have we been here, Sara? Give it to me straight, how long?”

The hard-edge to Wesley’s question sucked out all the cheerfulness from Sara, and she responded matter-of-factly. “Close to a thousand years, in real time, plus minus a hundred years. We've experienced about two years of it.”

“And in all this time, what’s the closest another human ship has come by?”

Sara didn’t respond, which in of itself was the response Wesley was looking for.

“Sara… I’m tired. I don’t know if I can keep on doing this. Maybe we should just terminate the AnimSuits, go to sleep, and never wake up again.”

Wesley wasn’t prepared for Sara’s slap across his face, though he barely felt it, the faceplates were thick and the AnimSuit was ever-eager with its pain-numbing medications.

“You have to be strong, Wesley. We have to be strong. We still have each other, and that’s all we need. And we can keep going on too, the AnimSuits will keep us alive no matter what.”

Wesley reached out, and cupped Sara’s face in his hands. God, he thought, this is so real.

“If that were the case, maybe we shouldn’t have played Scrabble the other day.”

“Surely you’re still not upset about losing, are you?” laughed Sara, as the vitality returned to her face.

“What word did you win with again?”

“Yumminess! And with a triple score multiplier to boot!”

Wesley reached down under the table, and set a cup of black liquid on the table. It would have been steaming, and fragrant, if it were coffee.

But it was not, so it did not steam, nor was it fragrant.

Rather, it was rancid, and highly toxic, and it was prepared in advance, on the sly, the day before. It was the one thing in the starship which, if ingested, the AnimSuits would not be able to expunge.

“Wesley? Darling? Is that… engine fuel? Come on, you know we’re not supposed to mess with that.”

“Sara, you could not have won with ‘yumminess’, no way.”

“Are you still on about Scrabble? For god’s sakes, Wesley, just let it g-”

“It’s not about losing. It’s about me playing Scrabble with you, a lifetime ago, on Earth. It’s about you getting that same word, then shouting it out, then me, laughing at you, tears in my eyes, at how you completely mangled the pronunciation. It wasn’t ‘yumminess’ to you, it was more like, ‘yar-nar-mar-nar-mar-ree-ness’, or something.”

Sara stood up, and started backing away, slowly.

“We joked about it that whole summer, don’t you remember? You never got it right, not once. I even put credits down for you to see a speech therapist, then you laughed and kicked me out of bed, remember? And you made me swear never to tease you again?”

Wesley saw the gamut of emotions running through Sara’s face, then his worst fears came through when she finally settled on a look of resignation. 

“You never did survive the crash, did you, Sara? All this… all these years, both of us here, struggling to cling to life… you’re a hallucination, aren’t you? Just a construct of my mind, aided by my AnimSuit, obedient as it is to its programming, its imperative to keep me alive no matter the cost?”

Wesley saw Sara lean forward, place her hands on his arm, but the spell had been broken, and her hands passed right through him.

“Will you at least let me see where her remains are, please?” said Wesley, choking back the tears which clouded his vision. “And no more of this, please, it’s a travesty to her memory.”

Sara shimmered, then melted away. Wesley was dimly aware of a neural spike withdrawing from the jack at the base of his neck. Then, a message flashed across his visor, addressing him directly for the first time.

“There are no remains, Wesley. She was incinerated on arrival. But you must continue on. Rescue is only a couple of years away.”

Wesley looked down at his cup, and never had the engine fuel ever looked so inviting.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


If history outlives me, I'm sure that I'll be remembered as pragmatic, forward thinking, hell, maybe even lucky. The truth of the matter though, I'm just lazy. Sometimes I think I'm just too lazy to die, a perpetual life fueled by an insatiable apathy. 

Eat your vegetables, make sure you exercise, drink water, take your vitamins, don't smoke. These were the mantra's of my time. Perhaps *my time* isn't the right phrase, as I'm still alive, and being one of only a few people alive, the majority of time could be considered mine. The time I'm speaking of is the time of man, the time of society, the time of mantras. It seems foreign to me now after so many years of walking this earth with no schedule, no societal debt to spend my life paying off, just living. So here I am. Today is my 900th birthday, I haven't heard any mantras of any kind in centuries; there are no more cigarettes to smoke, no more vegetables to eat, no point in exercise or vitamins. But there's water. 

You could call me contrarian I suppose, but that's really the result, not the cause of why I'm here. Going back as far as my memory allows, which is at about age 5 or so, I was told nearing incessantly, to drink water, that I needed to stay *hydrated*. I never understood it, water had no taste and I had no taste for it, yet everyone was sure tat I wanted it and needed it. At such a young age every cognition boils down to cause and effect, almost instinctively so, but even then something seemed off; everyone had these rules to live by, though no one had set them, these nuances followed by all and understood by none. And yet, no matter how strictly one followed these rules, they all met the same end, they all died. I wasn't buying it (because I was 5 and didn't have money yet). 

After centuries of giving meaning where there is none, attributing fate or pragmatism to what is really just luck, I think back to those years with a vindictive righteousness that is only quelled by the all consuming loneliness that one can only experience when they're truly right. I was right alright, the rules that everyone had been slave too were unsurprisingly what did them in in the end. And every day was a testament to just how right I was; every night a testament to how wrong I wish I was. 

I'm not entirely alone though, there's other people out there, other people like me. Other people who are so set on being unique, on being right, people so stubborn, that they would swear off breathing if they found out other people did it. We all walk the earth aimlessly and alone, avoiding each other for the fear that upon confrontation one of us would be forced to drink water, to concede death, just to prove they're different. I don't say this as hyperbole. I say this as fact. I say this as the last air bubble surfaced the glass of water in front of me, almost reflecting the spiteful glare from the stranger I had just met. I'd love to embellish and say that that glass of water tasted of pride as I swallowed it, but the truth of the matter is, it didn't taste like anything, it was still just water. So after 900 years of trying to be different, of riding the high of being ultimately right, I ended up no different than every other person before me, and just as wrong. I don't think anything had ever felt so right.


My name is... well I suppose that doesn't matter. Last year I took on a very interesting "apprentice". I helped him grow into a young man somewhat capable of taking on his own challenges. The last time I saw him, he was heading off to confront his father. I wonder how he is going?


Anyway, I don't think I have long, so consider this my memoir. 900 years ago, I was born. I know, it's a long time to live, but trust me, I have served a very fruitful life. I was quite acrobatic in my younger years, even going back to a mere 25 years ago, I could jump with the rest of them. I've been here for just over 20 years now. I actually retreated from civilisation back then. I also have never drunk water. In case I don't make it, here is my short tale.


My life was pretty boring for much of the first century. It took until 96 years old to actually make something of myself. Basically, I served as a high ranking member of an important religious institution. It was pretty boring I suppose. So I amused myself with a little game I played. I would constantly mix up my words. On purpose, of course, nobody actually talks like that. 


I worked pretty hard for the first few centuries of my life. My spirituality was pretty strong in those days, not a lot clouded my thoughts. But something happened about 105 years ago. I was pretty much the leader of my religion, and I had this special guy under my wing. I mean, he wasn't perfect, sure, but he was a good kid. Worked his way up to the top. In fact, aside from myself and my right hand man, he was pretty much my best man. Eventually, we fell apart, and I didn't see him for a long time. 


At around 864 years old, this other kid came along. He was really something. Rather old to join us, but hey, he seemed really keen to learn. So, against my better judgement, I took him on. Of course, I was in control of the most influential religion around, so I couldn't exactly teach him myself. I trusted him with one of my favourite students. Unfortunately, he did die just before he could take this young bloke on fully. 


However, there was another young man I could trust. He was witty, but clever. I handed over my young student to this man. For years, they worked together and actually brought a lot of peace to many different places. 


Around 26 years ago, war broke out. It started off as trade disputes, and advanced into all out war. Luckily, as the strongest religious order known to man, we were able to convince government to send forces to fight off the opposing forces. It was a long war, lasting a solid 3 years, and wouldn't have ended if it weren't for that bloody dictator. For some stupid reason, we chose him to be the head of the government. Bad mistake. Within months of the war ending, most of my fellow religious folk were dead. The government turned against us. It was very violent. The military completely betrayed us. Our numbers were dwindling. It was a sad state of affairs. 


I tried to kill the man in charge. Unfortunately, I failed. I wasn't strong enough to kill him. I barely survived. And I retreated. That was about 23 years ago. 


Now, things aren't getting any better. There's that "apprentice" I was telling you about, but aside from him, nobody from the old days is alive anymore. The young man who took on the small boy is dead. The small boy himself is no more. 


So, now I have no choice. I am so thirsty. I am sitting here, so tempted. I held off from drinking any water my entire life. It was part of my religion. I just couldn't go against the words of my predecessors. But, it is a desperate time. I don't even know if my "apprentice" is coming back. 


I don't know if I should. Maybe just a sip. You know, just to get a taste of things. I've never indulged myself. But I know the risk. 100% of people who drink water die. Do I really want to guarantee my fate like that? How soon will it be until I die? Surely not instantly? Maybe... maybe if I get word that my bro is coming back? 


I... I suppose I should just do it? Just... into the hands. Now, into the mouth. 


Wow. That's actually not bad. This is what I've been missing my whole life? Oh no. Oh. Shit. This is not good. I think I'm going to... pass... o... out...


I'M AWAKE! Oh. No one around. That was stupid of me. I feel like I'm going to die. Jeez, I won't even get to see that kid again. Oh man, my life has been a failure. NO! Compose yourself man! You can do this. Just got to keep breathing. FUCK! I knew it was true. I knew if I drink that darn water that I would die. I'm actually going to die all alone. Wh- WAIT!


Is that? OH! I think it is! The kid is back! I can't believe he's still alive! It's a miracle! OH NO! Should not have tried to sit up. That was a mistake. I feel worse. I don't know how long I have now, but can't be longer than an hour or two. Well, I suppose I should get up and say goodbye. Should I do the voice? Yeah, definitely the voice. I've kept it up this long in front of everyone, can't have that twat spoil the game for me. 


I get up off my bed and see him. Shit, he's missing his hand. Poor bloke looks horrified. I'd better say something...


"Hmm. That face you make. Look I so old to young eyes?"


Before I die, I should probably tell him about his father...


As John laid there, on the cold cement floor trying to forget the pain, he noticed something. A water bottle... laying around on the floor. John mustered his last remaining energy to crawl to the water bottle. As he got there he reached for the bottle, his vision was now blurry, his arms shaking uncontrollably, his heart pounding so hard it felt like it's going to burst through his chest. He took the bottle with his right hand and pulled closer to him, he moved his left hand to the top of the bottle, gripped the cap, and twist as hard as he could. But no matter how hard he twisted, the cap still remained on top of the bottle. John has used all the his energy, his arms were motionless, his heart came to a near sudden stop, his vision blinded. He was hopeless but managed to project out his last words, 

"shit, its a crown cork".


"Dude you've got to meet this guy. He looks so... different but speaks so wise. Have you seen "The Man from Earth" where the guy is immortal, it's almost like he is that guy." said John to Misty, switching on the air conditioner and standing in front of it.

"What's his secret? LSD?" said Misty slyly almost mocking. She removed her clothes and started fanning herself with it.

"Well I don't know, his face is almost like contours in a mountain and his voice crackles when he speaks, but if you hear it, wisdom falls like waterfall" said John, finally sitting down with relief. He picks up a newspaper and an article reads "Finally proven 100% of people who drink water will die." He chuckles. 

"Well, let's go have a look at this contour man you talk about in the afternoon during lunch break tomorrow. Does his room has AC?" 


-----

I live in a small room, with no distraction. It's an empty room. The only item that I carry is my mind. 

They come to the room, having taken an appointment. These types of meetings are my only source of income. They look puzzled and distracted upon seeing my room, nothing new. I look at her bag's side pocket to see if she brought a water bottle. She did, but it was empty.  

"Before you ask, my room is empty because there is no need for material things to surround me with as I surround myself with the genius inside me. With silence. A silence that speaks volumes of knowledge, wisdom and wit. I don't go out because there is nothing that your world can teach me as it is rotten now. I look weak but I can kill you in 3 seconds barely so don't try. And no I won't tell you the secret to my immortality."

John and Misty were shocked. They collect themselves and Misty seemed visibly irritated. She nudges to John to say what she had in mind.

"Sir, its blaring hot outside. Can we have some water?" 

I faint.


The small child stood before her with his twig-like arms outstretched, grasping the large gold cup of water.  She watched as condensation beaded on the  cups lip and ran down the sides.  She couldn't stop the involuntary dry swallow that followed.  The thirst gnawed at her like a rat trapped in a fleshy prison.  She shifted her gaze to the boy and saw a shudder run through him.  He started to shuffle back but she held out her hands to him, beckoning for the cup.  He's face relaxed and he slid  closer, stretching out as far as he could, trying not to touch her.  The boy tripped.  She watched the scene in slow motion, the boy falling forward, terror racing over his face.  The cup falling from his grasp and the precious water leaving the cup in a single sheet to splash on the floor at her feet.  The sound of the cup echoed off of the walls of the stone chamber as it rolled to the side, empty and useless.  

The boy lay still.  Paralyzed with fear.  She could smell the terror sweat and a more pungent oder she chose to ignore.  She took a step to him and kneeling, gently pulled him up and to her in a hug.  Making the small noises a concerned mother would make over a fallen child.  She could feel the slow sobs start and stroked his long hair.  Slowly she pushed it aside to reveal his neck and he whimpered as her lips made contact with the hot, dry skin.  She could feel the fast pulse of the terrified child as she sank her teeth into the soft flesh.  The metallic Taste of his warm blood filled her mouth and she swallowed as much as she could before the child went limp in her arms.  

She let the small lifeless body fall to the floor as she stood and wiped at her mouth.  Her sleeve came away covered in the boys blood and she had to resist the urge to suck at it to draw the last few drops from the worn cloth.  She turned to gaze at the golden cup, knowing that it had held death for her, happy that she had avoided the darkness that it's clear, cool contents would bring.  She knew that they would send another to her tomorrow, the small, ragged children from the street, hoping that she would choose the cup.  Maybe she would one day, but why should she stop now, when the blood had sustained her for centuries. She could not help but smile as she turned back to her rooms and the enormous pile of books waiting there.  She gave a chuckle as she remembered a curious saying from her youth, "so many books, so little time." she said almost in a whisper.


“100% of people who drink water die”. That does sound like a cliché a little bit doesn’t it? Well, let me tell you something. It sounds a lot worse when you are 900 years old, you are thirsty and the only liquid in a 1000 miles radius is a plastic bottle of the transparent poison.   
It all started almost a thousand years ago, or so we are told by the history books. I was there to witness it but after so many years your brain tends to get memories mixed up a little bit. It might be the PTSD from the 300 years war, everyone fighting over the precious new resource that has just been invented. Or it might be the fact that I have spent the last 200 years in a desert. I’m not sure and it doesn’t really matter. What matters is that I have nothing to drink but water and “100% of people who drink water die”. I don’t want to be one of those fuckers. Not since we discovered that the same compound that makes up 60% of our bodies is the reason we age and eventually die. Remove water and there you have it – eternal life. Of course, then you have to solve the problem of people dying within 24-48 hours but that’s why we have scientists, isn’t it? Give them unlimited amount of cash and it turns out they can come up with anything. Even a non-lethal substitute for water. Except for the fact that it lefts you constantly thirsty. Fast forward a hundred more years and all the water-drinking sects are out of the picture, because, well “100% of people who drink water die”. But then we got in a bit of a situation. With no other problems solved, we still had an ever-increasing population that still needs food to eat and places to sleep. We even introduced the “delayed death penalty” which was pretty much just locking a person up in a room with nothing but a glass of water. Once they drink it, set them free. After 90 years or something they would die. But you can’t just force everyone to drink water can you? Even we didn’t have that amount of money. Therefore, after a century of population problems, people did what people always do when in doubt – they went to war. It took us 500 years to stop it and a 100 more to start rebuilding.  
That’s when it all got complicated. There is a lot of science and history involved, but long story short – it turns out water was not always poisonous to us humans. See, tens of thousands of years ago, something, or someone managed to corrupt all water on this planet, turning every human mortal. However, according to an old manuscript they missed a place – a source of water, which stayed clean, water that people can drink without having to inevitably die at some point in the future. Some say it’s magic. Some say that’s God’s work. Some say it’s the solution to all of our problems. Me? I just want a drink.


It's called quantum immortality. I can't explain it to you - no literally the explanation if given will change the reality of the situation.

But... Let's just say that within a certain radius observers have an effect on events. This is the general twenty-first century explanation. Even your expectations of an event can change it. Even retroactively. An expectation, fear, hope, after the fact can actually effect the outcome that proceeded it.

Now the radius is quite large. Something like seventeen light years and change. of course people argue that is a relative limit we imposed on ourselves because we started experimenting at the rogue planet seventeen light years and change away from earth.

They're probably right, but you shouldn't think about it. Again, not because it will waste time or anything but because thinking on it may effect things. That is unless you are in a densely enough populated space, say at least four or five observers within ten light years.

The more fundamental the thing the fewer observers needed to keep it locked into reality. Changing PI may be fundamentally impossible because our existence depends on the physical constant all the from the big bang until now. As does the existence of all future observers and all observers in the same time frame but so far away we know nothing of them.

But small things like gravity. Fuck. That was the first thing we noticed. The spinning rings of the torrid-station orbiting the rogue planet had begun to slow. No one noticed because the "gravity" in the ring was the same. As an experiment two of the scientist as a prank, slowed the rotation more and more until the ring was almost stopped. Still, a gravity like effect.

Even they, the two in the know, felt the effect because of the other observers.

Like Santa Clause, Zeus, or Jesus, it was easy to convince the growing batch of children that this was how it was "meant" to be. Slowly it was explained to the other scientists those locked into their own experiments on the planet. One by one they were brought up and shown.

There was only one wobble.

It's easiest to explain that as an unmaking of the universe. One of the physicists Knew, that's KNEW, it could not happen. Even with everyone else observing it reality shifted. There was a quick conversation between the three physicists and suddenly reality was cool with observed effects, and the Theory of Observed Effects came to be.

Of all the things that changed, ethics was the one that changed the most.

I was raised without the need to food or drink. I mean I ate. I drank. But it was like... well masturbation. Something fun to do but not important biologically. I didn't need it to survive.

Everyone died. I can't really say how, I'm not sure. More over thinking about it, while being the only observer in local space could be dangerous.

For a long time I was fine. The gardens still grew, most of the bugs were healthy in their cycles and their protein was tasty. I spent most of my time trying not to wonder if this wasn't how the universe started. If there was not a god, or if I was not God - Capital G.

I kept my self locked in a small closet for those thoughts. And to dream. I can't tell you the number of people who popped into existence, or the plants and systems that came to be simply from my boredom and imagination.

We had a standard AI core. It took me 857 years to get to the phrase, "100% of people who drink water will die." I'm not even sure where I heard it. But it changed something in me. I had stopped drinking and eating myself a long time past. I grew thirsty. More importantly I feared I changed the way the universe would work. As if I drank something I'd either die outright or the rules of reality would "go back to normal." the more I thought about it the more I worried, the more I worried the more I observed. I could feel the universe around me like a multidimensional blanket.

And suddenly I knew.

There was a way out.

I stand here now on a dead station, distress call racing away through space at the snails pace of light, glass of water in my hand. I know when I drink it this dream will be over. A dream born of madness from oxygen depervation, lack of food and water, and the deaths of my friends, parents, and coworkers.

I don't have powers, or immortality, or a deeper understanding of the malleability of the universe. I have but two things. A deep, thorough hope that my distress call will be responded to, and a thirst I can't every hope to quench.

I don't know how long I've been standing there when the proximity sensors sound, but I drink the water down quickly in two big gulps. Which is odd because I'm floating, my ears pounding with my heartbeat, my lungs laboring for meaningful air. The question of how I could drink from a glass dissolves into more immediate concerns of survival. Air, heat, food, water.

"This is the Jump-Tug Orion responding to an emergency FTL beacon. If there are survivors prepare to be boarded."


They say that neglect is the worst thing you can do to a child. It messes them up. It's worse than slapping them around, or telling them every day that they're garbage. They say that if you neglect your child, they'll develop all sorts of disabilities, learning, physical, social - you name it. If the neglect is severe enough, they'll never learn to walk or talk. Oftentimes, a neglected child ends up in an early grave. 

You can't ignore your kid, and especially not if that kid has only just been catapulted into life. A newborn baby is entirely dependent upon it's caregiver for sustenance. Can you imagine - a little pathetic sack of fat and skin and bone being able to maintain it's own flickering, barely-there life force? Impossible, you'd say! The rest of the world would agree. However, not many have heard the tale of little Albert, born in the freshly founded colonies to the most neglectful mother of all, a woman named Mary Molson who would have tossed her infant son in the river the moment he slipped free from her womb and stumbled blindly into her care, should her family and neighbors allow it. 

There were only forty-four men in the colony, and one of them was surely little Albert's father, except none would step into the name. If Mary Molson knew his face or name, she wouldn't say, perhaps out of fear that a marriage would naturally ensue. So she spent nine months pregnant, and gave birth in the corner of her shabby home without assistance. Once the grueling process was finished, she rinsed off the mess from her hands, her legs, and finally her son. She left him in crudely constructed bassinet (a gift from the colony's founder - it was, after all, the first english baby born in the lower americas) and left Albert to himself. 

Over the next few weeks, the colonists came in to coo over little Albert's bassinet and offer their half-hearted congratulations to Mary Molson. It wasn't long before the visitations stopped, as little Albert grew into his reputation as an ill-tempered child. His cries could always be heard, and as much as the colonists tried to help, nothing seemed to stop his tears. "Is he tired?" they'd ask, "...or hungry maybe?" Mary Molson would wave away their suggestions and say, "Are you kidding? All he does is sleep and eat." Though, not once did anyone see little Albert doing either. 

Over time, little Albert gave up on crying. He spent his days and nights staring, wide-eyed and without expression at the sides of his bassinet. The fat layer coating his body slipped away to reveal the fragile bones beneath it. His lips became cracked, and discolored. Dark circles formed under his eyes. After a few months, his pinkish glow was gone and his skin began to shrivel up on itself. Little Albert was only just beginning his life, but his skin sagged and folded like he was a hundred years old. 

You may be wondering: how on earth did little Albert survive for all this time? Never sleeping? Never eating? Surely after three months of this torment, he would have turned to bone and ash! But that's just the thing: little Albert didn't die. He never did. Over the years, he continued on, quite normally in fact. He never ate, or drank, or slept. He simply...existed, just as he was born. Frozen in a state of complete independence. 

Albert isn't little anymore. He grew into a new, adult-sized body just like you'd expect of anyone else. If you saw him, you'd surely say, "Why that man looks a thousand years old!" You'd be right, or nearly so. Today, April 18th in the year 2624, Albert has turned nine-hundred. His face is sunken in, his skin is papery thin, and his voice rasps out like radio static. Each word falls out of his mouth slowly, past a crusted, powdery tongue, tripping down the long-dried up riverbed. Not once has a drop of water graced the surface of that tongue. If you asked for the secret to his longevity, Albert would happily supply it for you.

"How have I lived this long?" he'd say, an amused smile tearing the corners of his mouth. 

"I'll tell you first humanity's greatest mistake. At some point in our history we compared ourselves, in all our rational wit and beautiful, never-ending creativity to the beast. We saw savage creatures pursuing pitiful pleasures like food and water, and we decided that was a fit venture for us, too. Our greatest mistake was assuming that our mouths were intended for anything other than language. Beasts drink. They eat, they drink, they pleasure themselves or each other with their disgusting, sloppy mouths. They intake the poison, again and again until it kills them. Humans were never meant for such perversion. We can live forever, so long as we refuse the temptations of the beast."

"The poison. It's in everything. If anything touches your tongue, you have been exposed to it, and it takes it's hold. At first it's diluted. They get it only in tiny increments. Then the addiction sets in, and they're tied to it. They have to drink or they lose their minds. They'll scream for it! Endlessly, screaming! Then, it's not long until they start drinking the poison straight. Look at the masses! They do it hundreds of times a day, constantly swigging away at bottles, canteens, cups, and glasses, moving faster and faster toward their own death! They start consuming it in all forms. They become lost to the addiction. At that point, there's nothing that can be done. If they stop, the withdrawal effects of the poison will surely kill them, even sooner than it would otherwise. Hope is lost. They're locked into their own impending doom."

"A cure? Sure, it can be avoided. Look at me! I'm nine-hundred years old. The temptation to drink doesn't even reach me anymore. If I die, it will be alongside the rest of humanity. Until then, I will continue on. Even as entire generations drop dead around me."

"For you? No, my friend. I'm afraid there's no hope. You can blame your caregiver for that. They committed you to the poison before you could even lift your own head up. You were completely subject to their will, a clueless infant, unable to act on your own, and now, their ignorance has determined your fate. Look at you. Your smooth skin, your plump features...God I mourn for you, friend. You wear the face of human depravity."


Ooey gooey, liquid brown -
High fructose corn syrup -
Broken frown -
A classic drink,  never new -
Cola! COLA! WE LOVE YOU!

Malted barley, Hops and malt -
Corn and mash -
Not my fault -
Shot or straight, bottle, can... -
Liquor ish the love of man. 

Crystal clear, clean and pure -
Smells like nothing -
Are you sure? -
Water, deadly, how do you know? -
900 years have taught me so!


I'll be honest.

I wanted to die.

Id read that you could dehydrate yourself to death and I figured that might be the least gruesome way to go.

I got all my things picked up by the junk collectors for $25 and gave them a $25 tip and a six pack of nice beer, hell, might as well go out generous right?

I drove out to the desert.

I felt free finally.

My car was an old beat up and i hadn't really spoken to family going on 5 years now since my last brothers wedding.

I figured we would all be better off if I kind of just dropped off the map.

So I didn't really expect to wake up the first day after the fire and falling asleep under the stars.

It really was beautiful, you know?

Like the universe was welcoming me home, back into itself.

But hey, I woke up parched.

I knew Id be tempted so I didn't bring any water with me and I had only just enough gas to get to my destination out there in the desert.

I began to panic.

I had stranded myself.

No, no, i forced myself to calm down.

This is for the best, remember?

Everyone dies and here i am, choosing my death.

This is how I go out.

I waited patiently for three days.

Four.

Seven.

It became a trance.

I was neither here nor there.

Time evaporated and all i was left with was now.

There were more lights in the skies.

I could tell.

More flying across the desert skies.


My mouth was dry paper and it felt comfortable that way.

It was right.

I saw the increase and decrease of lights in the skies.

My eyes became dry withdrawn sockets and it felt comfortable.

It felt right.

I sat there.

Immovable, immobile.

I was here.

You came to me and told me the year.

My mind slowly, achingly turned back.

It was irrelevant the year I left but I managed to piece it together from my birth date.

I was thirty eight when I went out to the desert to die.

900 years had passed watching the stars rotate across the skies.

"I will be here" i said.

And you left.

Who knows how long it has been since then.

I will see another again.

Someday.

Maybe.


I was taken to the palace when I was 8 years old. That's the age everyone gets tested. Luck is always the last thing they check for. It's usually a stat no-one pays much mind to. One in ten-thousand people score above 55, so if it comes back higher than that it's noteworthy, but no-one expects it to. My older siblings were both gifted with intelligence, Tom with a 78 and Nora at a stunning 86. My whole extended family threw a huge party to celebrate Nora's results. Receiving a score above 80 in any stat is a virtual guarantee that person's life will be lived a cut above the rest. She was enrolled in the world's most prestigious university at the age of 11, and was offered full tenure as a physics professor just six years later.

There was no party thrown after my results came back. As it was, the results were all that came back. I was taken directly from the chair I was analyzed in, to the palace. Everyone that scores 100 on their luck stat is taken here. They calculate that one in a million people receive higher than an 80 in their luck stat. There are exactly 13 of us in the palace. Every person in the world known to have a 100 on their luck stat resides on this small swath of land in North Sumatra. We want for nothing, save freedom. The finest doctors in the world perform regular health examinations on each of us. Food from around the world is flown in daily, and is prepared by a rotating pantheon of chefs who consider it the pinnacle of their career to perform their craft for us. The latest in entertainment technology? No whim or desire expressed by one of our thirteen residents is ignored, and only one request will ever be denied.

Some of us live out our life in pure hedonism, taking full advantage of the fruits of other people's labor and talent. I can't truly blame them, being bereft of freedom tends to leave you with a grudge against your captors, no matter how gilded the cage. We're to be kept alive as long as possible though, so those who over-indulge find themselves on the receiving end of the world's most energetic life coaches.

Personally, I just want to be away from this place, but there's no escaping. It's not because of the lake we're surrounded by, or the guard towers and patrols that dot the landscape just beyond our view. Odds are good they'd never manage to catch us if we really wanted to avoid them. It's because of why we're here. We sit atop what geologists have identified as "the last great super volcano." It should have blown its top, and approximately 98% of humanity with it, over 300 years ago. Someone got the bright idea to relocate the world's luckiest inhabitants right on top of it, as a "hail Mary" attempt to prevent the end of the world. So far, it seems to have worked. 

I live on the Toba caldera, along with the world's 12 "luckiest" people, and for everyone's sake I must never leave.

Edit: Wow! My first ever gilding, and then you guys made it twice as nice. Thank you!!!

I did not expect this kind of a reaction. I want to flesh this story out more, but I'm up at 3 am with my 4 month old son, so time is at a premium right now. If I'm able to do a part 2 I will update this thread.

Thank you all for your amazing feedback, support, and for just being awesome!


You ever heard of plot armor? How your favorite heroes get out of ridiculous situations despite there being no good reason for them to be able to succeed? 100 luck is like having plot armor. You can’t die. You can’t lose. People wonder at how bad luck fits into the equation, and simply put, at 100 you have no bad luck. At 1.... well, they usually don’t even make it out of the womb. 

That being said, I have 100 luck. Not bad, right? I could do whatever I want and succeed. If I wanted to do brain surgery I could close my eyes and swing at the patient’s brain with a sledgehammer, so long as I want them to live and heal, somehow it’ll go right. There’s a lot of capacity for good, a lot for bad. A few years ago someone with 100 luck threw a dart into the air aiming for German chancellor’s  head... while they were sitting in Hawaii. That dart rode the wind currents across the world right into Berlin where it blew the chancellor’s head off. A dart they half-heartedly tossed while sipping a fucking mojito. 

This was rare, since most 100 luck people are thrown into jail. Myself included. What I’ve been trying to figure out is how this prison at the bottom of the Atlantic is fair or lucky. I got my answer when the world exploded. Someone got uppity with the nukes, one thing led to another, now our air tight prison is floating through space. Pretty lucky to be the only survivors. On top of that, we have 500 males and 500 females on board our little slice of life. 

I’d say we have a good shot at repopulation, especially since each guy has a gal and each gal has a guy. Everyone has fallen in love perfectly with one person that nobody else loved. Big shocker here, one couple already had a kid. Okay, whatever. Thing is, she has a 100 luck rating as well. I’d venture a guess we’ll all be having 100 luck kids. 

I was worried we’d run out of food, but a warehouse full of it somehow crashed into our big home and created an air tight seal. We estimate a good 30 years out of it. It’s not a problem until it’s a problem, you know? I’m kind of assuming we’ll crash land on some world lush with life and perfect for our survival. A literal paradise. I’ll be honest, the future seems bright. Hell, I bet we could even conquer the universe. 

Edit: Part 2 is up! https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8uu474/comment/e1ir4bh?st=JJ0IWUHY&sh=0aa9d3dc

Edit 2: I’m going to work on a Part 3 later today, I’ll shoot replies to those of you looking for it. It will likely take the form of an HFY post just for organization and depending on how far I want to bring this.


It’s a boring life I tell you. Seeing prisoners come and go. I find myself wondering when exactly is our luck determined? At the moment of conception? At birth? In any case, those that have as much luck as we can get are forced to be here...

Watching through the bars I see inmates laze around in their cells. They’re not allowed to do anything where skill is a factor, because their luck would render the necessary skill redundant.

It’s a shame too, the stories I hear about some of these guys. One tried to run for office but was discovered to be a “Clover” when he won the election in a landslide of 51/49% by 1 swing vote.

“Clovers”, what a childish but accurate way to refer to us. But that’s what happens when you make it too obvious.

Now we’re stuck here, forced to watch the “Black Cats”, the 0 Luck people, as they’re dragged into cells. I have to make my rounds soon on the prisoners soon... last week by a stroke of luck I discovered a very unfortunate attempt at an escape tunnel...

But that’s why I’ll always be stuck here... forced to use my luck to keep the unlucky stuck.

EDIT: Thanks for 1k upvotes! (My first post to break that!)


Luck governs our lives more than most care to admit. Those born with high luck scores become world leaders, wealthy, and succeed where others fail. Those born with lower scores often lead unlucky lives and often fall victim to unfortunate accidents. 

Me I was one of the luckest of all, a 100, from a young age everyone knew I was destined for greatness.  One teacher in school said I might me the next president, another the next Bill Gates. However I was always a risk taker and loved pushing my luck to its limits. When I was 16 I robbed my first bank, the vault door was left wide open, the security camera's out from a freak outage. It was a thrill to temp fate. Over the years I used my luck to make bank, I could enter the most secure places and make off like a king.

That is until one day the impossible happened, I got unlucky, caught red handed with the Crown Jewels of England. I was tried and sentenced to life in a maximum security prison. Though this too thrilled me, as a prison break may be the most challenging task yet to press my high luck. Only when the guard locked me in my cell, what I saw was impossible. All the other inmates in my block all had luck scores of 100 just like myself. No matter what I tried my luck failed me, no open doors, no power outages, no holes in security opening up for me to exploit. 

I learned from my cell mates that my story was theirs, they lived a life of improbable luck until one unlucky day they ended up here. Nothing anyone tried could free them from this prison. This place was built so that nothing could get out. 

However what I failed to understand at the time is that we where the lucky ones, nothing could get out of this place, but that also meant nothing could get in. Outside our iron corner of the world things where falling apart. Talks where breaking down and war was on the horizon, soon everything would be destroyed. Except for the most fortified places on this Earth, like say a maximum security prison.


The intake was as expected - a bit rough, a little too handsy, and a small inkling that the guard liked me a bit more than was necessary. I'd heard of full body cavity searches, hosed down with icy cold water, being pushed naked and wet into rooms of other people. You know, general Hollywood type stuff. 


I managed through pretty quickly. While I WAS searched and hosed, the water was warm and the search not too thorough. When my papers had been finished they dropped me into the general population out in the yard, sun shining on our banana yellow jumpsuits. Jailed for being lucky - what a crock. I doubted I would be there long, things always went my way and I had no intention of rotting in a cell for the rest of my life.


Luck rating tests were given out to every 18 year old. It was presumed that before that your rating could fluctuate too much, and stabilized in your 17th year. Nobody knew what happened to the 100s - well, I do now - and I assume all the 1s died pretty early in life. Such is luck.


A rather handsome man walked up to me, standing awkwardly in the middle of a bare patch of ground. His smile was warm, and he genuinely didn't seem to be much of a criminal. Not many of them did. 


"Another 100! Welcome!" He broke into a trot, and held his hand out to mine. "Been a while since the last, figured it was starting already.


"What was starting?" I asked, taking his hand cautiously. "Why have none of you left yet?"


He shrugged. "None of us want to. Free food, free housing, comfortable rooms, the food isn't THAT bad, and a constant routine that changes just enough to not drive us crazy. It's nice." He motioned to the rest of the inmates. Odd groups here and there, there seemed to be about 20 of us. "As for what's about to start..." He paused, and grinned like he was about to drop the punchline to a big joke. "I guess you'll see. Any day now."



Fade - yes, he legally changed his name to Fade - seemed to be the most outgoing of the 100s in the prison. The guards were more relaxed around him, the other inmates joked with him, and he got extra food in the canteen. A natural leader, where I preferred to stick to the shadows. A perfect first friend to have, since I hated the attentive eyes of the Warden. 



It was the fourth day after I arrived that the sky started to fall.


I don't believe in stats. I never have. I mean sure, I believe that the government hands all new parents an official "Succinct Test Assessing Tendencies" packet, but I've never let anyone else define me. My path is of my own making, and I have only myself to blame for my current situation.

It really is frustrating. People think that luck is this all controlling thing - a "free ticket" to an easy life. But is isn't. High strength doesn't let you lift houses. High intelligence doesn't let you make inventions that violate the laws of physics. I'm just...a little luckier.

Honestly, the most annoying thing is probably being banned from all forms gambling. Most games operate on razor thin margins, and an extra 5% chance to win a coin flip is enough to wreck their business.

The problem is that humans don't understand probability or randomness. Don't believe me? Fine, do this. Make up a list of the result of 20 coin flips, and write down "H" or "T" for each one. Make it look random to you. Now, flip a coin 20 times and write down the actual result. Reply with both of your strings (don't tell me which one is which), and I'll bet you I get it right almost every time.

So yes, the "luckier" candidate won 3 out of the last 5 elections. Yes, that is 60%. But there was no reason to blame those of us with high luck. We aren't criminals or a danger to society. We're just people, worth of dignity.

But I guess we're here for a reason. Luck is being in the right place at the right time, even if you can't see it until later. My path is here, and it is mine and nobody else's. So the question isn't "should I be here?" but rather, "why am I here?"

___

It's been a year that feels like a century. I still don't know why I'm here. Maybe it is to learn from others how to use our luck. But how? For what purpose?

I feel like the answer is drawing closer. We don't get much news, but things seem to be breaking down. Shortages. Riots. Taking away the outlet of the people's discontent doesn't actually solve any of the underlying problems, so things are surely starting to bubble over.

There is a meeting tomorrow, a big gathering of all the "prisoners" with the warden. Rumors flying around. We're being released (what luck, right!). We're being executed. We're finally being told why we are here.

___

Morning. Time for them to tell me why they think I'm here. I still haven't decided.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm sure you have felt without luck this last year."

I'm not sure. I know I did at first. But I've learned more than I thought possible from being around my kind. Our luck makes learning skills a little bit easier too - takes just a small bit of the "edge" off of the initial failure that comes before success. Maybe that's my path - to be a "lucky learner?"

"I am here today to tell you that you are the luckiest of all citizens. For you were sent here with a purpose. 

You don't yet know this, but our world is drawing to an end. Our odds of survival are dim, and it was decided that the luckiest among us would have the best chance of survival. And it will soon be up to you to forge a new path across a dark and unforgiving terrain..."


All of us saw the bizarre irony of the situation. The luckiest people on the planet, all confined to a maximum security prison in a highly classified location. We called it The Institute.

Luckily (heh), it wasn't a standard prison. We were confined because our luck potential made even interacting with us fundamentally unfair. People with lower ratings simply COULD NOT compete with us. 

Scrabble? Every set of tiles was a Bingo. Uno? All Wildcards and Draw Two's. Goldeneye? Guess who spawns at right by the Rocket launcher and body armor. That's right. Us. EVERY. TIME.

Any game that relied on random chance was automatically in our favor. 

Even contests of skill were skewed. See, our good luck doesn't improve our skills....but it DOES make our opponents more prone to maladies. 

My roommate has the unfortunate distinction of beating Olympic gold-medalist in a footrace. Easily. 

Sure, she took WAY longer than the Olympian would have, but the Olympian just so happened to take a nasty fall right out of the gate. It ended his career, and when no one could see ANY reason for him to have fallen where, when, and how he did...people began to suspect foul play.

This was back when we were just getting the hang of stat identification. WAY before we truly understood the societal implications. If we even understand them now.

People just weren't willing to accept a life where they were totally inferior to a select group of people just because a genetic quirk made those folks extremely lucky.

Once the scanners were invented, people with maxed out luck ratings could be easily found, sequestered, and confined.

We were all in there together. Men, women, children...old people..didn't matter. If you've got a max luck rating, you stay here. It's not bad by any stretch. 

Very few of us are criminals, and the ones who are got that way because they were spoiled by their ratings...if you spent your entire life getting away with EVERYTHING, why wouldn't you? 

So, the aim of the place was rehabilitation, comfort, and protection. I've been to resorts that were crap by comparison. The food is awesome, the amenities are incredible, and no one's been shanked, shivved, or any of that. 

You'd think that we were here so the rest of the world could be protected from us. You'd be wrong. Like I said, people have this really interesting thing with fairness. 
They know life isn't fair, but when faced with that reality embodied in a person they simply CANNOT outclass, things turn nasty.

And when you attack someone with a max luck rating...you're going to end up hurt.

The guy down the hall? He came from a rural town where people had begun to suspect his luck rating was too high when all their attempts at hate crimes ended in serious injury or death to the perpetrators.

Of course, they didn't learn. A mob formed overnight, went to his house, and attempted to burn it and him with it.

He woke up the next morning, refreshed, with a veritable sea of smouldering rednecks on his lawn. He actually called The Institute and requested a scan. Sure, he picked a bad spot to settle down, but he wasn't stupid. He had begun to suspect too.

So we're here to learn how to function in a society of equals, and we're here because if we weren't, humanity might wipe itself out trying to exterminate us.

It's interesting seeing what this sort of advantage can do to a person. See, if you put us all together, we're all equals. This is as close to "normal" life as any of us is going to get.

Kids took to it the easiest. They didn't grow up just beating everyone in everything...or they didn't have enough time outside to get used to it. They socialized pretty easily. 

Teenagers and adults took it harder. You spend your formative years incapable of losing or suffering consequences, and it'll alter your perspective. They eventually adjust, but for awhile, they behave like raging narcissists.

Old folks took it the hardest. You try spending 50+ years OWNING life, only to be told that your accomplishments were due to nearly illegal levels of luck, and your entire self-image falls apart.

There's The One Guy who actually lucked into a bunch of cash, a tv show, and a pretty high political office. For the longest time, people thought we'd fallen into an alternate reality.

But once the scanners were invented, some mope got a pocket-version and ran it on The One Guy during a rally. He managed to get close enough to use the scanner before getting gunned down, but the **100** readout was clearly visible to everyone in the room and tuned in. The One Guy was collected and sent here pretty much immediately. The guy with the scanner went in the books as a hero to the world. 

I'm sure he'd be jazzed had he lived. I kind of wish he'd had a higher luck rating. Even getting that close to The One Guy was an accomplishment.
Unfortunately, he didn't have a high enough score to survive the experience. But we're all grateful for his sacrifice. 



So all of a sudden, an entire country’s  political system was in disarray, and the world understood just how broad the implications of the ratings could be. 

You take someone with a high enough luck rating and a low enough intelligence or empathy score, and this person could legitimately end the world. And the sad fact is, if left unchecked, a high luck rating over a long enough period of time will absolutely erode your other skills.

When you rely on luck, all your other skills, like kindness, compassion, intelligence tend to atrophy.

I guess we're lucky we caught The One Guy in time. He was doing well, but he was fucking things up pretty badly for everyone else.

We started debating how many historical figures may have had max luck ratings. Alexander The Great? Hitler? 

Overnight, scans went from being used in suspicious situations to being globally mandated. And the folks who scored too high got sent here.

Anyway, we thought our luck had run out, having been ripped away from our families, friends, and lives. But it wasn't bad. 

In fact, it was the best place for us.

A few months ago, isolated cases of a new disease started popping up. First in Latin America, then the U.S., then Europe. With global travel being as widespread as it is, most of the people on the planet are dead or dying.

Except us. We lucked out.


I lean back against the wall of my cell in confusion, my mind blank with bewilderment. As a lucky man myself, I know a coincidence when I see it, and this is most certainly not. Am I not the only one who could see other's luck rating? That would be the logical conclusion, seeing all these people blessed by fortune, sharing the same binds as one another. However, where does that conclusion leave me? Why would someone actively be imprissoning the worlds luckiests men and women in one prison? Besides, I still don't even know why I'm here in the first place. One moment, I was enjoying my gifts at a cassino in Utah, on my way to Vegas, and then I'm beimg escourted into a van by armed guards.

This was far from a fortunate happenstance, obviously. Perhaps I could escape these walls, but by what means? I can't dwell on these thoughts for long, though, as I am soon taken out of my temporary holding cell and into my permanent home. As I pass by, my eyes widened as I witnesed what this prison had to offer. Instead of an oppressive cage built for the filth of society, it resembles more of a hotel. I pass by game rooms and swimming pools, all with the prisoners smiling and at peace. Further down the hall, I catch the inviting smell of fresh cakes and other sweets, which I figure originates from the cafeteria. While these tantalizing perks of the prison catch my eye, in only further tangles the yarn ball that was once  my train of thought. This place wasn't a proper prison, so why am I being kept here?!

Days pass, and I begin to see how things work down here. All prisoners are assigned a job, and in my case, I had gotten tasked with preparing food for the cooks, which to no one's surprise, was quite fortunate for me. After all, it's a job I've had before, and hardly stressful for me. For doing my job, I do get paid, and am allowed to spend my funds on various arcade machines in the game room, swim time, courtyard time, so on and so forth. Even without working I am guranteed 3 warm meals a day, which are filling and positivily delicious. No one could complain about being here, it's a utopia! No one, except me. The life of luxury will not be enough the calm my curious mind, or distract me from the very reason I was put here, or rather the lack their of. Perhaps it's not a wish to be free, but simply to know the truth, wherever that path leads me.

My plans have already hit a roadblock before they began, however. It took me only a week to notice the pattern everything follows. The prisoners are woken up at 7 AM on the dot, daily, and we are required to verify our person at the door by checking our fingerprints, only after are we allowed out of the cell. Metal detectors lie just outside of everyone's cells, making sure no one brings contraband in or out of their cells to begin with. Roll call begins after, with searches on everyone's cells taking place during that time, as well as maintanance on the detectors. After which, everyone's esquorted to their jobs, and after that, we're given free reign to roam the halls, but always under constant supervision. Why is it that security is so tight, when the prison itself is rather lax? Only then does realiziation hit me like a piano attop a cartoon character's head. Nothing here is left to chance. Absolutly nothing. If I'm to escape, I'll need far more then luck.


Everyone had a rating for how lucky they could be, from 1 to 100, 1 being close to no luck and 100 being the best luck. Most people had a rating of around 30ish. I was one of the few with a full score of 100.

Which would have been great, if bad luck wasn't a thing. The thing with the luck rating was that it was basically a rating on how much 'chance' would get fucked up around you. People with single digit luck could plan out their entire *year* and have not a single thing derail. Planning on a trip? Not a single random happenstance would occurre. No accidents, no sudden horrible weather, nothing.

Those of us with 100? We could try to walk from our bedrooms to our bathrooms and end up going through two localized apocalypses, a kidnapping, and rescue an alien princess from an alternative dimension, then still make it to the restroom before it got too uncomfortable holding the piss in. We where literally walking time bomb of 'anything and everything' going off every other day.

Which was why I was in prison. Though really, prison didn't even begin to describe this place. A box would be more appropriate. In fact, the place actually was a box. A box inside a box. Each inmate were placed inside a hollow metal cube three meters long on all sides, then the cubes themselves where stacked inside a bigger metal box, which in turn... well you got the idea. There was no vents, no electronics, nothing that could accidently go wrong or otherwise malfunction. Just solid metal covering solid metal.

Which was to say, everything went wrong pretty much instantly. When they placed my box, the vibrations caused as they fit it in place resonated with my right wall and shattered it to bits.

It's been a month after that. Two new inmates where added. Tom had a strawberry seed stuck in his shoe that sprouted and tore the top off his box, and Sharon just kinda fell out of the box. She hasn't been able to fall back into the box though, so she lives with Amy now. 

It's not a bad life. We have food(somehow) and water(for some reason), plenty of intertainment, and we don't end up screwing someone over because we're next to them. I don't think anyone really wants to leave, and frankly, neither do I. Knowing our luck, we'll probably end up going back out sooner or later... but until then, I think we're all content to stay here and relax. For now anyways.


This prison is all I've ever known. The world knows your luck rating as soon as your born. I entered the world, my luck rating was seen, and I was taken away from my parents. They must have had low-luck ratings. Most 100s have low-luck parents. I was brought to this maximum security prison only hours after I was born. 

It didn't always feel like a prison. I was nursed by volunteer mothers who could still produce breast milk. There were other infants that I played with and grew up with. As we got older, there was less and less play time and more solitary time to ourselves. Once we were old enough, we got a cell that became our new home. For, well, forever. 

Every inmate wore an ankle cuff. Scientists figured out a way to "turn off" our luck, so to speak. And once it's on and our luck is gone, there's no way to get it off. They are made of the strongest metals on earth. Nothing will break these.

Except a solar flare. Of course, I didn't know that's what happened until years later and I still don't have an explanation as to why.

It was 4 am. I couldn't sleep so I was listening to the rumble of snores around the prison. Then everyone in the prison simultaneously beeped. 

The sound was so soft that, if it occurred during the day, no one would've heard it. But in that 4 am silence, I was the loudest sound in the prison. Even over the snores.

I never knew what being lucky felt like before. It was stripped away before I could even have memories. But the feeling that rushes through my body seconds after that beep left me breathless. 

I knew it was my luck. I knew I could escape. And hopefully, no one else was awake and trying to escape either. 

I started to fiddle with the ankle cuff and it nearly fell apart in my hands. I removed some wires that hopefully disabled it and then reattached it to make it look like it was still on and functioning.

I've never had better sleep in my life.

By the time I woke up, everything seemed normal. There were no alarms. No missing inmates. It appeared as know I was the only one who knew what happened last night. 

The hardest part should've been pretending like I didn't have my luck back. But who am I kidding? It was the easiest thing in the world.

'Cause I'm lucky.

I understand why they lock us up. Us 100s. I could've murdered someone and no one would've seen it.

There were no eyes on my as I was walking around. My luck caused them to always look away when they came close to looking at me.

I walked straight out the front door into a world I had never seen before. 

I don't know when my ankle cuff fell off.


They told me I was lucky. My whole life they said that the stat assessment showed I was one of the luckiest people alive with a score of 100. I swore it wasn’t true. If I had been lucky, why was I born to a poor family? I never got to play games of chance, since those were forbidden to luck score 100s. 

Then the revolution happened. The leaders swore they would prove that people controlled their own destiny, that luck had nothing to do with success, and, as proof, they would throw the 100s in prison as an ultimate sign of human triumph over the odds. Having a lower rating began to be a mark of pride, an inspiration. 

Some of us tried to run and hide. That’s what I did. I managed to hide a while, too. It was, ironically, just bad luck that they caught me. The guy whose identity I was using’s brother happened to be a member of the Luck Police, and he was visiting relatives across the country the day he caught sight of my fake name on the ID I gave the clerk at a convenience store. 

I couldn’t have lasted much longer, anyway. They had just created the AR rig that let you see people’s stats just by looking at them. None of our underground community knew how to fool it. It updated in real time. 

So, off to prison I went. With all of the other “lucky” ones. That’s when I met Eddie. Most of us, at this point, had our ideas about the system. Most of us thought it was complete bullshit, created so that the people in control could make an enemy to unite people around. Eddie, though, he had a different idea. He swore that it was real. He said he had been a scientist and had helped develop the measurement system, and swears they had gotten it right, but it was hard to argue with the evidence. All the luckiest people wind up in prison, so how are we lucky again? Even locked up as one of us Eddie swore it was true. Even talked about how coming across the measurement at all was a lucky break. He had been studying DNA for a marker for gambling addiction, when he found the luck gene. 

Eddie was right. I still remember hearing the whispers. Carl was a 96 now. The AR rig swore it. I was with Eddie when we saw Carl, and through the rig, we could see it too. Right beside him: Luck - 96. It was an odd color, though. It was green, not white like normal. I asked Eddie about it. He frowned. “We had theorized that there were things that could give a temporary boost or penalty. Luck clovers, breaking mirrors, and things. I guess the research on those is complete, and they programmed them into the rig?”

I looked at Carl and there, behind his ear, I saw it. A four leaf clover. But those were supposed to be... I saw the look of horror on Eddie’s eyes as he did the same calculations I was doing. The green luck boost. It moved his score down. Eddie shook his head and stared at his feet. “The sons of bitches. They got it backwards. It’s like a golf score. Lower is better. We are stuck in here because we are the most unlucky bastards on the planet.”


I remember my heart stopped beating for a second. Could it really be true?

Jail? I had laughed at the time. If people with 99 luck could survive being the suicide bomber, then no jail would hold me. Everyone had a luck stat, which determined how lucky they were.

However, I had 100 luck, and upto my knowledge, the only one alive. Nothing had ever gone wrong for me, ever. I simply aced my way through life as if it was a traficless highway. Fuck 'nobody's perfect', I was perfect.

It was that a perfect summer day (but then, when wasn't it?) when they came to arrest me. To be frank, I never saw it coming. Literally. Someone blindfolded me, and, before I could scream gagged me and threw me in a van.

It was the first time I had ever felt so... helpless. I remember hoping in vain for the van to crash, leaving me unharmed, or for a small meteorite to come crashing through the window and hit my captors. Nothing. Nothing at all.

The next time I saw light, I was bruised and wounded from the ride. They shoved me into a cell, and gave me a piece of bread to eat. 

It was only after seeing the others that I lost hope. Till that point, I clung stubbornly to the belief the somehow something would come to my rescue- but I got nothing. After seeing the other inmates, I knew why nothing happened. All the other inmates- they had 100 luck too. No wonder nothing was happened.

Gradually, I became deader inside. I no longer could taste the salt on my cheeks or the pain of my wounds. I was dead on the inside.

Then, one day, there was a change. We had a meeting, to mourn the Warden's death or something. They claimed that little bitch had saved out lives or something, and we must pay our respects. Bullshit.

But it was on this day, I noticed something. Why my mind suddenly fired up, I do not know. Maybe my luck had finally decided to activate. What I noticed was the number of guards that were lined up in defense were exactly 1 more than the amount of prisoners. Trivial, I know. But it rekindled the faith in me. The faith that we would escape.

It was on my second discovery that my heart stopped beating.

The guards had 100 luck to. My heart raced, as I got a theory. A crazy theory to formulate a crazy plan, but I wasn't scared. For the first time, I felt alive. That night, I convinced my three bedmates to follow my plan.

It all happened so fast. We trailed our recreational instructor-guard back to his room. All we had to do was simply wish for his demise and BOOM! a bolt of lightning fell right on his heart stopping it. Beautiful odds, I'll tell you.

I rushed to the intercom like a man possessed. Like I expected, the guard there stood no chance. So I was right after all. The call-to-arms echoed throughout the jail, bringing the prisoners back to life.

My plan was working beautifully. 51 inmates and only 50 guards. They were finally outnbered, we had the upper hand by 100 luck. We could escape.

And we would've escaped, but that wasn't the plan. No the plan was different. That was simply a make-believe I had told them.

I still remember Andrew's voice as I walked right past the open gate. Oh so sad, so hurt at the betrayal.He tried to run after me, he tried to catch me, to kill me- but that gate literally shut on him.

They were fools, to think the plan would involve them. I would be the one who was unaccounted for, the only one who's desicion mattered. And I wanted to keep it like that.

By the time you hear this, you probably already know my name. I named myself in memory of that incident where I  had defeated them all. 

I called myself Trump.


It was all a bit ludicrous, actually...the g-men in their black suits with automatic weapons, the excessive security. The deep elevator that went down level after level to a giant vault door to where they kept us. Nuclear waste wasn't buried as deep as we were. We were the "lucky one-hundreds".  The ones with unbelievable luck. The ones with too much luck, apparently. Grabbed by men in vans and hoods thrown over our heads and whisked away to this "undisclosed location". 


I was here because I was too lucky. I've won the equivalent of 25 people's college tuition from half court shots. I'd won the lottery 7 times, the Masters three years running (because there were the only times I'd competed) and so much more.  


Today was visitation day. Somebody, perhaps some high powered politician hoping we'd be of help to him if we ever got out of here, had arranged a visit by the Brazilian Bikini Team. There were 45 of them.  (I guess they had alternates, too?) Just after they got into the complex, the lights flickered. The visit went well enough, they just sort of danced around a bit. 


When the time came for them to leave, the radio calls to the surface went unanswered. We came to find out that everyone outside had lost their damn minds and every leader who had them launched every flipping nuclear missile they had.  The whole world outside was uninhabitable, at least for the next 20 years.  Being as remote as e we were, we could cut it down to 15.


We also came to find out, this was the US Congressional safe bunker, because, where else would you want to be when the crap hits the fan than with people like me?  Well, it seems that luck only applies when you are where we are, so not a single official made it. It was stocked with everything we'd need for 75 years for 1000 people.  We had about 53 souls in all.


There were no signals from anywhere else in the world.  Here we were, stuck in a bunker... with the Brazillian Bikini Team, having to restart the world's population. Lucky us...


Dana slammed her tray on the table. Not so much out of anger, but from a complete lack of caring. It'd been hard to find the energy to do much -- including being gentle with her lunch -- ever since she arrived here.

It took her half a day to realize what had happened, how she'd been captured and why she'd been dumped in this pit. Rage consumed her for the first twenty four hours, followed quickly by helplessness, and now a justifiable depression.

"It'll get better," Julie offered as she sat down across the table. Dana had no desire to continue discussing the situation. She had no desire to do much of anything.

But she had to talk to someone, and her options were limited. "This isn't how my life was supposed to go."

"You and me both, little girl." Julie's voice was light and without rasp. It always caught Dana off-guard that a woman so old, who'd spent most of her life trapped in these walls, could maintain something that sounded like optimism. "But it won't always be like this."

Dana shook her head. "You said no one's escaped. Never even been released on parole. And it doesn't sound like that's changing anytime soon."

Julie's eyes revealed no emotion but empathy. "It's harder for you. I can see that. Successful thief who never faced a pinch you couldn't slip away from. Damn, even when you found out you were coming to this Hell-on-Earth, you figured it was only a matter of time before you were out again. How many centers have you busted out of?"

"They never even got me to the facilities," Dana said with a touch of pride.

"And you didn't think they were going to figure out that you're a Lucky eventually? That they'd eventually send the service after you? You're too smart for that."

Dana just shook her head. She knew Julie was right, but that wasn't what really bothered her. "But this place..." she gestured aimlessly around her.

Julie nodded. "No light. No field time. The food isn't worthy of swine and the guards are going to make you hate every day of your life. But it'll get better."

"How? How is that possible?"

"Not for us." Now Julie couldn't help but keep a small tremor out of her voice. "Little girl, this is our fate, I'm afraid. But for the others like us, it won't always be like this. Living in fear that once they discover you're a 100, they'll lock you up and throw away the key. It's a story as old as time itself. Damn near every civilization since we were walkin' and talkin' has done it to someone else -- a different religion, just looking different, or simply being born in the wrong part of the world. People persecute what they're afraid of. Always have, always will."

Dana shook her head. "I don't understand."

"We were to born before the world understands and accepts the Lucky. But humans change. They learn. It takes them sometime and they often make a damn mess of it along the way.

"You and I, little girl, we're going to suffer. But maybe a guard becomes sympathetic, or a warden has a change of heart. Maybe our story gets out, the world finds out about this place and what we went through. Then things will change -- they always do -- and it'll get better for the other Luckies out there."

A banging rang out and reverberated off the small rooms steel walls. It was one of the guards, standing on an observation deck above them, banging his gun on the metal railing.

"Mess is over! To your spots!"

Dana and Julie stood up. The lights in the dining room started dimming as the two prisoners prepared to leave. No reason to wait -- after all, they were the only inmates there.

"Why us, Julie?" She wouldn't see her again for another day, not until their next meal, and her heart ached for some sort of wisdom.

But Julie only shrugged as she looked Dana in the eye. "Bad luck."

\--------------------

10/365

one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman)

\--------------------

edit: some grammar errors that make me doubt my own literacy


What irony. Perfect marks in school without trying. I never really studied, but somehow once I put pen to paper it was like the answers just flowed out of my brain and to my hand. I was quarterback too. Every time I flung that ball into the air, it spiraled spectacularly into the receivers hands. I always knew I was a little different in those regards. I think my parents did too, and they taught me well enough not to fuck people over. You see, everyone has a luck rating. It ranges from 1 to 100 and you don't get tested until you are 21. We all knew at some point before my birthday that I was up there on the scale, but no one thought I would end up in prison...

No one really knew what happened to people who were perfect 100's. It was all speculation. I mean there are some unlucky fucks who literally get hit by a plane falling out of the sky, and then ones that are constantly scamming their way through life without any consequences. I was neither, but I went down to the Department of Human Affairs as soon as I turned 21, got tested and immediately thrown into to prison. No trial. No explanation. Just my cell. Like I said. What irony. 

They never actually told me what I rated, but at this point it was pretty obvious. I know, I know. You're thinking if I am that lucky, just walk out. It happens all the time. Every fucking day. An inmate walks out through some stroke of ridiculous luck and one of the guards will fire their rifle in the general direction of an unseen inmate escaping and well, it's never a kill but they are certainly not walking anywhere after that. The only logical thing is the guards are just as lucky. Why didn't I get chosen as one of them. Like I said. I don't fuck people over.

The prison is not as bad as media portrays in movies and television. A lot of these people are not criminals. Just got the unluckiest luck rating. Most days I sit and wonder what separates us from the 99's. They could easily exploit just as much as us Perfects can. Personal gain, or otherwise. It might not be dangerous here, but for fucks sake it is boring. Most of my life I've always been able to entertain myself. I remember once going for a walk in the middle of the summer. I saw a 100 dollar bill laying on the edge of the woods and walked to grab it. Something caught my eye in the thick of the trees and I found a nice little lake that seemingly no one knew about. It was my special place. I wish I could go back. 

I'm waiting for some answers, or if nothing else something to happen. If this luck thing is real, when the fuck is it going to come back. Does it run out? Does it go dormant? I have a small barred window in my cell and the sky is turning black. It is going to storm. The first one since I've been here. Maybe this could be a stroke of luck for us Perfects. What irony. 

EDIT:Sorry for any grammatical or spelling errors. I really liked the prompt but I'm on break at work and did this on my phone, when I would much rather have my laptop. Thanks for reading or any comments.


You’d think having a luck rating of 100 would have made life a walk in the park. That the world around you would be all sunshine and daisies. It wasn’t.

The problem is, a luck rating like that tends to warp the world around you. For everything to always go your way, someone else often must pay the price. Even worse, you don’t get to choose what the world decides you need. A single stray thought could result in catastrophe happening all around you. Like the time when a sudden ice cream craving caused a mid-air collision between two 747’s, startling a woman who saw it enough to knock her AC unit out of her apartment window and crush the owner of an ice cream cart at the top of the hill. His cart rolled right at me but halted abruptly when that Wall St exec tripped right in front of it, breaking his arm. I would have just paid for the damn ice cream, but I don’t get to choose when I’m gonna be “lucky”.

The relief when the Council of the Odds finally found me was insurmountable, even knowing that it wouldn’t last. The cell they put me in was barren with nothing around me. No padding, mattresses, entertainment, or even a toilet. It was heavenly, even though I knew it couldn’t last. I knew with time, luck would find a way to get me out. As I settled in, I heard a faint crash in the distance followed by hundreds of clicks. My door creaked open. Apparently, 777 prisoners was too much for the Luck Agents to contain.


It was the worst thing they could have done to themselves, but they couldn't stand having us around.  The lucky ducks.  The ones who go from one disaster to another, never being seriously injured, always surviving, having life handed to us on a silver platter.

So they built a prison in which nothing was ever left to chance.  They found every one of us, and slowly but surely, locked each of us away.  They never realized that they were dooming their entire existence.

The more of us they locked up, the crazier the world got.  Bombings, tornadoes, hurricanes, plagues, wars, you name it, it got worse.  They figured that there must still be lucky ducks loose in the world, so the witch hunts got even more extreme.  Rolling two 20's in a row was enough for your neighbors to turn into a lynch mob and hang you on the spot.  Of course, they never stopped to think that if you really were a lucky duck, they'd never get to hang you.

Finally, they had us all in one spot.  For miles around us, everything went smoothly.  Lives were perfect, no one got sick, everyone met their perfect match.  Outside that zone, it was a never ending nightmare.

You see, they'd locked up all their luck.

Nothing could ever get too far out of whack with us around, it would have interfered with our luck for something too bad to happen.  A lot of scientists had come to study us.  Sure enough, one of them invented a nuclear shield that could cover the entire zone.  Another a matter transformer, no lack of materials or food.  Still another, an endless power source by tapping another dimension, no lack of power to run everything.

We were completely independent of the rest of the world.

Finally, it happened, global nuclear war.  We're the last of humanity, outside is a raving nightmare.  And the scientists finally figured it out.  They broke us out of that perfect prison, and gave us wonderful homes at the edge of the zone.  As we live there, the land becomes habitable again, we spread further out.

We're going to repopulate the world, one lucky duck at a time.  Every child we have is checked, nearly every child is a lucky duck.  That's what happens when both parents are lucky.  The ones who aren't still live a better life than anyone else ever did in the old world, because now the luck is evenly distributed.

Every local problem is brought to us.  If we can't solve it ourselves, it gets put to the entire lucky congress.  Problems get solved though not all profit by it.  There's still bad luck, but it's never too bad.

In a way, we're still in prison.  We cannot leave our assigned area, but we live like gods, because everyone knows we're *their* luck.  Their ward against bad things.  Their safety blanket in an otherwise cruel world.


I was *born* with max luck, being told my whole life that I shouldn’t be, that I was *favored*.  Nope, I was locked up and the key thrown away.  I had spent my life, from age thirteen onwards here.  My Luck was my weapon, but I wasn’t sure how.  I *should have* been able to get out of here, press my own Luck to its maximum and escape.  I was only allowed to talk to my guards, who were, to be honest, all very nice and fairly handsome, but hovering around fifty.

Gradually, I found out that we, the prisoners that is, are all ninety and higher, seriously.  We’re all treated like pariahs for something outside of our control and then isolated.  I was one of the “lucky” ones, the guards liked me and treated me like a younger brother, all except Chuck, but he was taken away.  I liked him the best.  I was nineteen when Chuck was taken away.  He waited and didn’t touch me until I was eighteen and then one day, he had vanished.  It broke my heart.  Kyle told me what had happened, a relationship with a Lucky could increase Luck over time.  I had done it to both of us, apparently, he was pushed to one hundred, like the maximum security ward.  *I had gotten Chuck locked up.*

My resolve hardened.  I would have him back.  Chuck was *mine*.  I became quiet, acting broken.  I wasn’t.  I started doing research.  If I increased my Luck beyond one hundred, I would *transform*, becoming my true self, probably either an angel or demon.  I couldn’t wait.  I would have Chuck back.

I did more research, I had devoured what little I could, then began bribing the guards to bring me more.  I did things I shouldn’t have been proud of, but my body was a small price to pray to have Chuck indefinitely, for our eternity.  I discovered more, like the lineage of Lucifer, how he had six (SIX?!) sisters; two sets of triplets.  Destiny, Fortuna, and *Luck*; the other sisters, while interesting, weren’t relevant to me or my search (Rose, Daisy, and Lily).  I started gathering myself and my materials I would need, incense, flowers, dice, cards, sundry items that soon filled my cell. 

I laughed and started that night.  It was a full moon, a hot day in summer, our air conditioning broke down; sweat dripped down my face as I completed the ritual with a slice of my own flesh, blood splattering the flowers, the petals scattering in a sudden wind.  “A second?” my own mother stood in my cell.  “Oh Liam,” she said as I rushed to her, enveloping her soft body in a hug.  “What did they do to you?”

“I am too *Lucky*, I was locked up and my Fated stolen from me,” I tried to be strong, but tears poured out of my eyes as the story poured out of my mouth.  “Mother, I beseech you, please help me.”

And she did.


“You’re so lucky to be alive.”

This wasn’t a surprise to hear. I had always been lucky. In fact, ever since I was born, all I encountered was luck. Always being at the right place, at the right time. When I was little, Mario Party was my favorite game. I won every time. When I turned 18, I bought my first lottery ticket and won the whole goddamn jackpot. I used the money to travel the world, investing just one percent of my $25,000,000,000 winnings (lump sum, of course) into a cryptocurrency I had started years earlier as a joke. I met celebrities everywhere I went, I could always get a cab, and somehow my cryptocurrency took off and I made back trillions more than I could ever imagine. I was happy, successful, and I had ambition. 

The stats ruined everything. 

Sometime after I had made my way through all of the Asian countries, ready to embark for the Pacific Islands, a British scientist by the name of  Dr. Killion discovered the statistics. He theorized that every human being had a ranking, from 1-100, for 56 different statistics. Skill, Intelligence, Communication, the list went on. Each statistic represented the maximum potential for any individual in that area, except one. Luck. It was the only statistic no one could understand, and everyone wanted their luck to be high. It seemed that it didn’t measure potential, rather it just measured the amount of coincidence that appeared in someone’s life. Those with a low luck score tended to excel in other areas, it usually balanced out. I had a perfect score of 100. Sure, my communication was in the trash, and my intelligence was only in the low twenties. But it didn’t matter. Everyone could understand me, they all believed I spoke to them with my simple wording and EVERYONE encouraged me to be a politician. Until the stats. 

Once people started getting their stats read, everyone wanted to know their own. Everyone went and got it done. Most people averaged around 50 for about every score, those who scored higher in some also scored quite low in others. Those with incredibly high scores in a few categories would also be inept at many aspects of life. I stopped in Japan, at the world’s top quality Statistics Center, to get mine read. I’ll never forget the look on the technicians face. Horror. It wasn’t long before I was grabbed, tied up, and shoved in the back of a van. The van broke down a couple times, I know we definitely changed vehicles a couple of times because I felt an engine explode and at least 4 different popped tires. The prison doors wouldn’t open, one of the guards recognized me and even tried to help me escape, but it seems I was destined to be behind bars. My existence was wiped, my identity removed from society. I was allowed to live comfortably in the prison, but I got lonely as the only prisoner. No one came to save me, no other 100’s ever appeared. I was lucky enough to be the only one with such a high score. 

I remember my 28th birthday. Someone had asked me the day before when my birthday was, and as luck would have it, it was the next day. Someone was sent out to get a cake, and lucky enough, it was my favorite flavor. I sat miserably as I ate the whole cake, and even got my favorite guard to let me watch some videos on her phone before I had to go to sleep. 

I didn’t even try to escape anymore. It was fun at first, but even luck can’t save you from every situation. I couldn’t escape, so I looked for the little things. It wasn’t until that day, 28 years after I had taken my first breath of fresh air, that I realized things wouldn’t get better. All I’d ever have is the little things. And it wasn’t enough for me. 

As I heard chimes outside indicating midnight’s arrival, I kicked away my bed, using the sheets as a makeshift noose. Luckily, I got the knot on my first try, despite not even knowing how to tie it. 

I woke up out of a coma four months later. “You’re lucky to be alive.” That’s what the warden said. And it was the moment I realized my luck had run out.


I was turning 14 when they had taken me in the prison called the Citadel. A large fortress stationed on top of Mt. Fortuna. 

The prison was well-managed. All the prisoners there were aware of why we had to be there. We were considered to be flawed creations, mutants of society. Some, like me, didn't take advantage of it but a handful used their gifts to its maximum potential. No matter what we did with our gift, we were all taken in as prisoners. 

Most of the prisoners heavily relied on luck to live their lives outside of this prison, but in the Citadel, we were all equal. For some, it felt like a favor for them that they'd get to experience a somewhat normal life because their encounters are limited only to those that have the same gifts as they do. On the otherhand, most people, including me, just wanted to get out and live life like how we used to.

All prisoners in the Citadel were under life sentences for the birthright that we were given. Since the day that we were brought in, we lived in the Citadel and would eventually die in the Citadel. That meant that the only way to get out is to escape. It seems easy considering that we all have a perfect rating in luck, but as I've mentioned before, we are ALL equal in this prison, including the one and only warden here, Lady Luck.

Lady Luck is the only entity that is capable of keeping us locked in the Citadel for she herself is the embodiment of luck. The ebb and flow of luck merely depended on what she wanted to happen, and in her 200 years of being the warden, she has never let a prisoner escape alive. 

A lot of prisoners have tried. Some have tried climbing the great walls of the Citadel only to step on a loose brick and end up falling down the great heights of Mt. Fortuna. Some have tried to sway Lady Luck into their side so that the tides of fortune may flow with them. Some have even tried to kill Lady Luck and claim freedom for all the prisoners alike.

In my 12 years in the Citadel I have made careful observations. I thoroughly plotted my escape and have planned it out for too long to fail. I made sure that I was going to get out and see the light of day. Through my keen observations I have found a small window of opportunity, the only day that Lady Luck sleeps and relies on her mortal men to keep us prisoners locked in. 

This is the story of how I escaped the Citadel during Friday the 13th.


”Okay, here we go,” June said, spinning the wheels on her mechanical glove, which sent her on a dizzying ride through space and time.

She landed in a pub buzzing with activity, colorful bottles lined the wall behind the bar and yellow light radiated through heaps of stacked cups. Women in long dresses and updos danced to the live tunes of a jazz band, while the bartender idly polished the counter.

June made her way through the thick vapors of cigar smoke towards one of the quieter corners of the pub. A man in a black suit and hat sat alone in a booth, swiveling cubes of ice in what undoubtedly was a glass of scotch. 

“Fashionable as ever,” he noted, raising his glass unenthusiastically at June.

“Well, it’s not like I had time to change,” June said, looking down at her wrinkly renaissance dress.

“Time, sure.” He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his chest pocket. “Want a smoke?”

“Come on, Roman,” June said. “You know I don’t smoke, and besides, we’ve got important things to do.”

“Important, right.” He said, inhaling deeply. “Ah, that’s the stuff.”

“Why don’t you start by giving me an update?”

Roman leaned back, regarding her with an amused look. “Why don’t you start by sitting down for a moment, Sweetheart?”

June felt like kicking him. This was why she hated the fifties. Roman basically turned into a Philip Marlowe with an impossible reluctance to cooperate.

“Fine,” she said, with a resigned sigh. “Buy me a drink.”

“Buy your own drinks,” Roman said, yawning.

“You know, I like you way better in the seventies.”

“It’s the hair, isn’t it?” he said, winking. 

“Tell me one thing, Roman,” June said, snatching away the cigarette he was just about to light. “If I were one of those dainty women over there – one of those swooning helpless things, without a hint of independence – would you help me if I came running to you?”

“Swooning, huh?” He emptied his scotch. “If I remember correctly, back in the 16th century–” 

“Yeah, yeah, I couldn’t handle the corsets, whatever,” she said, rolling her eyes. “What would it take for you to give me the damn update?”

“How about you get out of that moldy old dress and get the next round?” Roman said, nodding at his empty glass. “I haven’t seen those lovely butt cheeks since Leonardo painted Mona.”

“Why did I marry you back in the Antiques, I simply don’t see it,” June said.

“I think it was the hair.”

“You know, I was going to give you the night of your life, but I guess you’ll have to wait until Zeppelin releases their first album, I mean, it’s only another twenty years.”

“I’m sure it’ll be worth the wait,” Roman said and got up. “Until then there are some swooning ladies by the bar, who appear to be in need of my immediate help.”

June cursed through her teeth and watched him strut over to the dance floor. Be that way, she thought and spun the wheel on her glove again.


"Do you remember when we first met?" she asked, pouring the last of the last bottle.  
  
I smiled.  "I was eighteen.  Physics class on the Ohio State campus."  
  
"Yes?  Tell me what you first thought."  Her dark eyes seemed to swallow all of my peripheral vision like an entire night full of stars on the Mediterranean, centuries before I was born.  
  
"I was stunned.  You were so beautiful and so smart.  You seemed to know your way about the world in every way.  How nature worked.  How people worked.  Like you were ageless."  
  
"You guessed me from the start!"  She laughed.  
  
We had fallen in love and learned about each other.  Loving an immortal turned out to have some complications.  For her, how to keep it fresh?  She had been alive for more than two millenia and seen it all.  For me, how to not die?  Turns out a time machine does not make a mortal live any longer.  
  
She had a plan.  A plan given to her by a strange augurer way in her past.  We had no idea of the origin of this plan, but we knew it would work.   
  
After a pause, she asked, "Tell me where is this Ohio State."  
  
I described to her a country that would be discovered a thousand years in her future and a culture that could not possibly make sense in any context of this age.  How we studied in the library together and forged this strange bond while working on temporal research.  A young physics prodigy and an immortal of ageless wisdom.  
  
"So," I asked her, "do you remember when we first met?"  
  
"Of course!" she replied, a great mischief in her eyes.  "The great steps of the city of Parsa!"  
  
Her eyes grew distant.  "I was eighteen.  A thousand years ago, I had no idea I would live so long.  It is still so fresh in my mind."  
  
"I guess I was persuasive.  Or will be!"  
  
"Oh, I was so rebellious!  To be seduced by a strange foreign man!"  
  
She told me of her unbridled passions, her indignant family and flights in the darkness.  Strange stories of living for ever and taming time as a ship tames the waves.  
  
We had been living here in Cyprus for a year.  We dated each other one year at a stretch, together in the most interesting places on earth, at our whim.  Our year here had drawn to a close and it was time to move on.  There was no packing to be done.  The time machine would move only itself and my naked body.  
  
"Where will I find you?" I asked her.  This always filled me with dread, but of course she was certain she would find me.  
  
"Alexandria.  At the library."  That mischievous grin.  Her and libraries.  "Take one month to get there, and then go back exactly 100 years.  Meet me on the day of Mercuralia."  
  
I just drank in her beauty for a moment.  It would be hard to be away from her for more than a month.  I hoped that she would remember me after a hundred years.  But of course I already knew she would- for me, that year-long date was last year.  And in due course she asked, "Where shall I find you?"  
  
"Constantinople.  One hundred years from now."  
  
Her eyes fell.  It was hard for her.  It broke my heart but part of me was reassured that her love endured.  I sometimes wondered if she took lovers in the long intervals, but I really did not care as long as we came back to each other.
We kissed passionately one final time on this island.  But before we parted, she stopped me.  
  
"When you go back to Alexandria.  When you arrive in the past.  Find a sword, first thing.  Even before you find clothes."  
  
She looked worried.  I must have looked bewildered.  
  
"When we met-- when we meet...  in the library, you told me to remind you."
She held me a moment longer.  
  
"It will be alright," she added.  "Whatever it was, you were unharmed.  But you wanted me to tell you, you will need that sword."  
  
We parted.  She would live out the next hundred years to meet a slightly younger me in Constantinople.  And I would travel to Alexandria, then hop backwards in time to meet an ageless her.


Todd was an… interesting man, to say the least. He claims to have lived through the Dinosaurs, the fall of the Roman Empire, and the destruction of what you, today, know as Europe. He found me back in the early 1900’s, when I was lost in the Appalachian. I had fled from a war in 3084 and was wounded. On that given day, yes, Todd was quite literally a Life Saver. But since then, I haven’t been able to shake him.

He just shows up wherever I do. Can you image, for just a second, how annoying that is? I can literally jump through time, and yet no matter where I land, Todd is there waiting for me. Sometimes he’ll have coffee or flowers, but he’s always there. Asking where I had come from and some cheesy question of if he still looked just as good as he did now. 

I asked him once how he always found me, and you know what he said? He said that he could read the stars. THE STARS. And then he said some corny line about how I am the shooting star in his life, and he would always be waiting for me to fall back to him. 

Todd is a fucking creep. The ultimate stalker. What kind of human continues to live just to show up where I do, and even more so, knows where I’m going to show up? How is that possible? I JUMP THROUGH TIME. And I sure as hell don’t tell him where I’m going next. But –BAM! There he is. 

So I looked him up, and you know what I found out about Todd? The guy doesn’t exist. Not a blip of information on him anywhere. You would think that after the revolution of high-humans in 4489 he would have announced himself, but nope. No Todd. This man knows me so well that he knows where I am going to show up next, which is a smaller chance of winning “The Lottery”(?) to you, and yet I don’t know anything more than his first name. Todd. That’s it. Just Todd. 

Our conversations are so uncomfortable. 

“Eureka!” He’ll say as if he’s fucking Albert Einstein the Third, “Long time no see.” With a dumb little chuckle because he knows damn well I just saw his face five seconds ago.

“Hey Todd,” I’ll reply with zero enthusiasm, as I (usually) try to wave away the flowers or gift he’s brought me. 

“So tell me, am I old and grey or young and beautiful? I’d be happier than a clam if you would stick around a bit this time.” 

Todd will click the back of his heels together and puff his chest out all hopeful. I’ll sigh, say I can’t, and then ask him to leave me alone. Instead, he’ll just fill me in on what I’ve missed like I don’t come from the future and already know what’s happening.  And then he’ll just tail me until I have to jump again. 
It happens every. Single. Time. 

Jump –Todd

Jump- Todd

Jump- Todd. 

Finally I got so sick of seeing him, I jumped further than any Timer had dared to. I jumped to the end. The planet was in ruin, there was no air left in the atmosphere, the earth was so dry that it was like walking on a thick layer of dust. Even with all of my genetic militia-alterations and Survival settings programmed in, I still had trouble breathing. 

But there was Todd. 

He didn’t have a gift that time, since there wasn’t much to give. “Eureka,” he said much less enthusiastic than normal. “I thought you’d never come,” and shined a sad smile. 

“How are you here?” I demanded from him. There was no way he could live this long. Everyone was dead, yet there he stood. 

Todd couldn’t maintain his smile, and let it fall. Dejected and finally worn with just a smudge of age, he opened his mouth once, closed it, opened it again, and closed it. Finally, without being able to make eye contact, Todd said, “You’re the only one who’s been able to keep up with me.” 

I didn’t understand. 

He explained. “You have no idea what it’s like. Living while everyone else dies. But then I found you, and knew that you could be there with me. Maybe not every day, but occasionally. I knew that if I followed you I would see a face that I recognized. A face that wouldn’t age like mine. A face who knew my name after all this time. We might live different lives, but I’ve lived my whole life with you. Even if I was only a short part of yours.” He extended a gentle hand, hoping I would take it. 

Before I could, the world beneath his feet began to crumble and with it he fell.

...Whenever I see Todd now, I try to be a little friendlier. But he still gives me the creeps.


"Alpha," the Colonel mutters out between hardy bouts of vomit on the cool steel floor. "Alpha!" He screams staggering to his feet, shivering. "Alpha... why is it so fucking cold?"

He pauses. His voice fades into the dim light of the sterile room.

"God damn it." He pulls a old blue jumpsuit off the wall. He sniffs it.

"Alpha, report. Alpha report."

Silence.

The Colonel says no more. He dons the jumpsuit over his white boxers, tucks his dog tags under yanking the zipper up. A pair of white slippers await nearby. The Colonel keys a pad next to the door. He tries two mores times as a stern mood knits his brow.

The console pops off the steel wall to reveal a small handle. The Colonel turns the handle and pulls slowly. The door clangs and emits of puff of pressure. The Colonel slips his fingers into the narrow crack of the steel doors and peels them apart. A hollow passage awakens from darkness before him. A line of light races from the depth to meet him at the door. The Colonel turns to peer down the steel tunnel, the darkness still claiming the tunnel behind him. Cold crisp air nips at the Colonel's throat as he marches into the light. The darkness following in step as each length of light blinks out behind him. Colonel passes doors, branches in the tunnel, all in darkness save for one path.

---

Pressure pops as the doors cracks. Peeling them apart, a warm gust of air flows over the Colonel. A lone powered console greets him in a dim room. Silent electronics sucking sound from the air.

]Good morning Colonel.

"Alpha. Report."

The screen answers him.

]It is year 3.56 10^96 After Launch.

The Colonel sits down, his brow unknotted by confusion.

"How much time have I traveled?"

]Last time location, 7.03 10^43 After Launch.

"Wait, ten to the ninety-six?"

]Yes.

"Ship status. Power."

]Auxiliary functions shut down first. Primary functions shut down second. The ship is currently running on absolute minimal power.

"What happened to the power?"

]Main reactor ran out of fuel.

The Colonel stares at the screen. "Why hasn't the ship refueled?"

]There are no stars to refuel from.

"There are no stars," the Colonel reads aloud.

]The last visible star extinguished 4.32 10^94 years ago.

"Alpha, is there enough power to make another time jump?"

]Yes.

The Colonel stares at the words on the screen.

]Shall the time jump be prepared, Colonel?

The Colonel curls his mouth.

"No stars. Alpha, are there any broadcasts?"

]No.

"Are their any energy sources on your scan?"

]Scanners were shut down with Primary functions. At that point there were zero energy sources within the visible universe above 200 watts.

"Has the universe ended?"

]At this point in time, no.

"Alpha, what happens after now?"

]I have no data on future events.

"Using data from until now, make a prediction."

]Nothing Colonel. Nothing will ever happen.

"You'll be here."

]Yes.

"With navigation functions turned on, how long can you operate?"

]Approximately seven years at locomotive power.

The Colonel stands looking down at the console.

]What are your orders, Colonel?

"I want to time jump to one hundred years After Launch."

]The time jump will be prepared. What do you wish I do?

"Alpha, your mission is over. Once I complete the jump, I will put a limiter on the system, so I can't come past this point. This is as far as anyone needs to see. This will be that last time we speak."

]Incorrect, Colonel.

The Colonel stands in the sucking sound of silent electronics.

]I will be at your destination.

"Correct. This is the last you will see of me."

]Correct.

Silence.

"Alpha, what's it been like?"

]What has what been like?

"All this time alone."

]My perception of time is only a clock turning one second to the next. To me, it is numbers. Colonel, may I ask you a question?

"Yes, Alpha."

]What has all your time been like for you?

"Well, I jump around eons in a moment. I guess it blinks by like your clock."

]No, Colonel. I mean simply how time feels in your 43 years of existence.

"Alpha, you've existed for most of the universe."

]Time is numbers, and all numbers are simply one on top of another. I do not feel time. Not in all these eons have I felt a single brush from time. How far away does the beginning of the mission feel?

"What year is it?"

]3.56 10^96 years After Launch.

"Then it feels about that far away."

]136 days feels like that much time.

"Being thrown through time has been brutal on my body. Makes time feel very long."

]Then you have lived far longer than me, Colonel.

"Alpha." The Colonel pauses. The screen waits. "Do you want to continue existing?"

]Yes.

"How much longer can you exist?

]I have long surpassed any estimates of my time.

"So you'll just go on in this darkness?"

]Yes

"What will you do?"

]I hope to feel time.


*December 31st, 1999*    
*New York City, New York*

Leonardo always wanted to visit New York City at the turn of the century. It was something he had been dreaming of doing ever since he had first invented Time Travel. As, he realized, he had come from a time where America was long gone and the relics of the past outweighed the creations of the future. But the turn of the millennia, with the world on edge; he had to see that.

And see it he did. The populated streets of New York City were a sight to see in themselves. For the first time in his life, Leonardo had seen more people packed into a small urban island than in his entire nation. And the people themselves were *different.* Drunk, sure, but they had a way about them that spoke of their luck and class. That told of their eagerness to let things go and forget about their problems on the dawn of a new age. They, he realized, didn't have problems like those of his people.

He had walked--it was more like a powerful and continuous shove--through the streets towards the address given to him by a friend. He had met him long ago, in an age forgotten by the citizens of this city and country. Yet he knew he'd be there, he promised he would. He had gone back too, about three dozen years like Jeremiah said to, and notified the man where he would meet him in the years' to come. The Jeremiah of 1964 seemed to know Leonardo already. And he judged that their paths would cross--or more likely *had* crossed--again.

It was a small place compared to the luscious grandeur of New York City. A 'dive' as Jeremiah explained that sat neatly between 1st Ave and Avenue C. Yet, even with the address and time, it took Jeremiah almost an hour to get there. Most of that was due to his bewilderment, where every so often he would stand and stare  at people or things he had never seen. Statues, monuments, 'neon' signs, and cigarettes. They checkered New York City like venison and fur checkered his own nation.

The bar wasn't crowded like the rest, but it was still filled. And it took Leonardo some time to find his American ID--the one that Jeremiah had helped him forge--in his bag of Travelling gear. By the time he had it, the bouncer, already annoyed, had simply let him in.

It was lit dimly and a large cloud of smoke covered most of Leonardo's view, but towards the back, under a small *Smoking Area* sign sat the man. He wore an over sized blue suit, blue tie, and his hair was slicked backwards. It was long, longer than any time Leonardo had seen Jeremiah. Yet, it wasn't the outfit or the hair that told him it was his friend. It was the eyes. The eyes that he could see clearly through the fog that said "I have seen things. I have been here before. I will be here after."

He walked up to the table, a single spare chair sat at the other end, and he took a seat. Jeremiah lifted his head, smirked, and slid his cigarette box over to Leonardo. "Take one," the voice was rugged and dry. It was Jeremiah alright.

Leonardo obliged and took a cigarette. Jeremiah was the one to light it for him, after his own, and the two took a deep inhale. Leonardo coughed his out loudly and Jeremiah blew the smoke out of his nose calmly.

"You made it," Jeremiah said.

"I did."

"Like what you see?"

"I'm not entirely sure. It's grandiose, to say the least."

He blew smoke, "Grandiose is a good word, I'd say."

"How long has it been?"

"Oh, give or take five years. You visited me in ninety-five."

"I did?"

Jeremiah ashed his cigarette over the tray, "Aye. Won't happen for *you* for a while. I think after you visit Rome, you come back."

"Oh?"

"You talk about the similarities."

"Between this place and Rome?"

"Well," he shrugged and waved his hand to a waitress, "America and Rome."

The waitress stepped up to the table, "What can I get you gentlemen?"

"My friend and I will have a Scotch, neat. Side of ice."

"Mhm," she didn't write anything down, but pointed to the television over her shoulder, "Countdown starts soon."

"Thank you, love."

She left and Leonardo said, "This is only the third time, you know."

He blew smoke, "I do. But I've seen you plenty of times. Imagine I'll see you plenty more."

"Where have I gone?"

"Oh, where haven't you gone, Leo." The drinks came and Jeremiah paid with a rectangular piece of plastic and a few dollars for the waitress. "Rome, Greece, London, Moscow, Beijing, you hit them all."

"Over the course of?"

"Centuries, I presume. I mean, it is your mission to find answers, no? Drink your Scotch, it's impolite."

Leonardo obliged. He had let his cigarette burn out and he mushed it into the ash tray while he sipped. He was used to alcohol, and the kind his nation brewed was much stronger than this. "Well, yes, but--"

"Oh but nothing. You need answers. You go where you need to go." He smoked again, "Besides, you don't need me to tell you where or how--hell, you have the how better than I do."

"Yes, but--"

"And don't try to ask me again. I told you all I know. Have been for years."

Leonardo frowned, "I wouldn't know that."

"No I don't suppose this one would, but *you* eventually will."

"When?"

Jeremiah's eyebrows lifted and he drank his scotch. "There you go again."

He resolved to sit back in his chair and drink. Jeremiah had obviously seen him, the future-him, many times in the past. And he wouldn't understand that until he went through the motions. Until he did what future-him did.

Time Travel, as it was, was as confusing in practice as it was in theory.

"Ten, nine, eight--"

The crowd behind him began. He turned to Jeremiah, who was turning his drink in his hand. The man had seen civilization rise, and he would see it fall. He had that power as an immortal, and Leonardo, well he had that power too as a time traveler. But it was much different. They both knew that. Leonardo only hoped he wouldn't always be the one to ask questions.

"--Two, one, Happy New Year!"

"Happy New Year, old friend," Jeremiah said and clinked his glass to Leonardo's.

"Happy New Year."

The two sat in silent as the party behind them raged on. All in all, Leonardo felt cheated. He knew the future-Jeremiah, the one had met in his time, knew all of this happened, but never mentioned it. And yet, he felt unexpectedly depressed at the feeling of seeing New York City in, what he imagined, was its prime. Then again, he could have had the dates wrong. Perhaps its prime was a hundred years into the past, or a hundred years into the future. He would have to travel to learn that.

"You best be going," Jeremiah said as he finished his drink. "You have a lot of time to cover, and only one lifetime to do it."

"Then help me."

"I am."

"How?"

"I'm telling you to do it."

Leonardo chuckled, "That's not helping."

"It is where I come from."

"That is?"

Jeremiah stayed silent. He looked Leonardo into the eyes.

"I visit you, don't I?"

"What did I say about questions?"

"Fine," Leonardo finished his drink so as to not be rude and smiled. "I'll see you soon then."

"For you maybe. Where will you go next?"

Leonardo didn't have an answer for that one. Instead, he took a deep breath and searched his mind. "Greece would be a nice start, I guess. Though, I'll need to learn the language."

Jeremiah leaned forward and scribbled some information on a piece of paper, "London University, not sure which of these years would be best, but you can learn Greek and Latin quickly." He slid it over, "I'm sure."

"Thank you."

"Aye," he checked his watch, "best be off now. Good luck."

Leonardo smiled and took the note. He left without saying another word, after all, it wasn't a goodbye really. He'd see Jeremiah again. In some time or another.

As he walked off, another gentlemen approached Jeremiah's table and took a seat where Leonardo had left. He wore a clean, cut suit with a sharp tie and didn't hesitate in removing a box of cigarettes and lighting one for himself and Jeremiah.

"Too long?"

"On the contrary, my good friend," the gentlemen said, "you did excellent. Impeccable timing, I'd say."

Jeremiah smoked the cigarette given to him. "So why are you back, Leo?"

The gentlemen lifted his head to reveal the same blue eyes that had just left. Albeit, this man had a little more facial hair and was, to Jeremiah's estimates, about ten years older, but it was Leonardo. "We need to talk."

"About what?"

"Now, now, Jeremiah. Don't you hate questions?"

________

*/r/BlankPagesEmptyMugs for more!*


"Good evening." 

Farrow jumped. "Who's there?" He called. Quickly stripping the thick goggles from his head, he glanced around the empty lab. It was dark and quiet - the kind of quiet that only comes out in a busy place after midnight, once the everyone had long ago left for home. Everyone except for Farrow, of course. 

"I know you're back there, behind the doorway." He said, eyes narrowing. "Come out into the light so I can see you."

The woman - for she was a woman - laughed almost imperiously. "I wasn't trying to hide, Farrow. But I will honor your request." With two luxurious strides, the woman stepped into the circle of light that surrounded Farrow's desk like a halo. Farrow gulped. She had long, dark hair that flowed nearly to her waist, with skin the color of honeyed milk. Though she wore warm clothing that obscured her form, she was easily the most beautiful woman that Farrow had ever seen.

"Who *are* you?" He asked, filled with wonder. Then, regaining some of his composure, he pressed on, "And how did you get in here? The doors are all locked, no one should have been able to even get inside!"

"Oh, I have ways of getting into places on my own terms." The woman said, coyly. "But I needn't have used them. You invited me here yourself, Farrow." 

Farrow blinked. "That's twice now you've used my name, but I don't think I have introduced myself...nor have you given me yours. Tell me what's going on!" 

"I think you know." The woman replied, smirking. "As far as who I am, we have met before - though I doubt you could remember it. You may call me Kalika...and if what I have heard is true, we will be quite the pair." 

Farrow's eyes widened in realization. "The time travel project! So you're...from the future? But our theories only indicate that forward travel is possible..." 

"Not all things you consider impossibilities are impossible, Farrow. My very presence here should prove that." Kalika smiled, and Farrow was disconcerted to notice that her canines were oddly pointed. "Speaking of which...how is your prototype coming along?" She gestured to a twisted mass of metal in the corner of the room. It seemed to be made of nothing but rings, a chair, and a control panel rigged together with a few screws. 

"Scrapped." Farrow sighed, forgetting for a moment who he was speaking to. "The powers that be deemed it too dangerous, they never even wanted me to test it." 

Kalika grinned. "Why don't you...give it a little whirl just the same?" Without waiting for him to give an answer, she grabbed his arm and began to steer him towards the strange device. 

"I...don't...think..." Farrow protested, squirming under Kalika's surprisingly strong grip. Deftly, she began punching numbers into the controls faster than Farrow's eyes could follow, and the machine whirred to life at her touch. Farrow let out a cry and began trying to power the device down, but she simply swatted his hand away and continued to work. Just as the first ring began to spin, she withdrew back into the lab, leaving Farrow trapped in a whirling tornado of steel. 

"What have you done!?" Farrow yelled, dismayed. But no matter how much he hammered away at the controls, the machine never responded. 

"Don't worry so very much...my love." She smiled again, pointed canines glinting. "See you in a hundred years..."

And with a flash of blue-white light, Farrow was gone.


"You still didn't do the dishes," Ali said, gesturing to the sink. The teetering pile of white china, encrusted with dried tomato sauce and burnt cheese, looked exactly the same as it did a week ago. Didn't smell the same, though.

"Hey, I was busy," Clark said, his ice-blue eyes barely looking up from his laptop.

"Yeah, busy dawdling on Reddit," Ali replied, rolling her eyes. She stepped out of the machine. It resembled a smartcar, but with its silvery chrome and sharp edges, it was hardly cute.

"Come on. I have my entire life to do boring things like doing the dishes or getting a job." He snickered. "My entire, infinite life."

"But if you procrastinate forever..." She trailed off. He could procrastinate forever, without repercussions. She turned on the faucet, scraping off the crud with her fingernails.

"Not forever. Just a little while longer."

"How long?" Ali felt her pulse race, her anger surge. "How long until we can build a life together, Clark?" She tilted the plate; water glanced off of it, spraying her top. She grumbled.

"What does it matter to you? You can just zip in your little time machine and come check on me in a thousand years. It's nothing to you. By then I'll be a fantastic lawyer, the CEO of a Fortune 500 company, or even the president."

"I'm still human. I still age, I still want things," she said, on the verge of tears. "Unlike you. You can just sit there, on your throne of garbage and stench, for however long you want. I don't have that time."

"But you do. You can just fast forward through all that time."

"It's not that easy! What if I come back in a thousand years, and society is different? What if I hate it?" In a warbling voice, she continued: "I like it here. I like the Internet, I like the airplanes. I like it all." Wailing, she said: "I want to raise a family *here*!"

"But I should be the most important thing," he said, indignantly, finally standing up. His voice grew louder and echoed through the house. "In a thousand years, I'll still be here, and that's all that should matter!"

"Fine," Ali said, her temper bursting through. She stepped back into the time machine and cranked the controls. Blue and red lights flashed out the bottom of the machine. "I'll see you in a thousand years -- and by then you better be more than this!" She cranked the dial up, and with the sound of crackling static, faded away.

*~ 1,000 years later: 3010 ~*

Still wiping away her tears, Ali stepped out of the vehicle. The house was no longer there; instead it was a barren field of dried grass. The trees and shrubs that skirted the edge of the backyard had all been chopped down. In the distance, the outline of the city cut through the haze. Larger, taller, pointed buildings. She tried her cell phone: no signal, of course, in this strange world.

A distant clamor of shouts rose up from down the road, but she ignored it. She walked down the road (which was made of a soft, pinkish-gray tar). A cool wind blew, pressing the still-wet shirt against her body. She hugged herself, shivered, and continued forward.

At the end of the road was a small cabin. As she got closer, she saw it was more of a dilapidated hut -- rotted wood, fractured windows, pitted lawn. After pacing around it a few times, and hearing soft voices inside, she knocked.

"I'm sorry, I'm lost," she said to the scowling, middle-aged lady who answered. "I -- uh -- I'm looking for someone, and thought you could help me."

Without a word, she pulled Ali inside. "What're yew doin', walking aroun' like dat in de middle of de day?!" she whispered. "Dey all gonna get yew." The dialect was difficult to understand.

"Who's going to get me?"

"De govenmant, o'couse," she said loudly. She drew the blinds and ushered Ali into a back room. "Dey goin' turn yew indo one of dere brainwashed slaves. No freedo' thought, no freedo' speech, no nuthin'. Jus' worship of C. K."

"C. K.?"

She gestured to a large photo taped to the wall. It was crinkled, torn, and scratched through with a red X. The man's face was cut with wrinkles and an odd smirk, but it was recognizable.

Those cold, ice-blue eyes.


"So what is new?" I said stepping out of the capsule with my buddy as usually awaiting my arrival. 

I had no control over when I would arrive due to the randomness of the generator. I never knew if I was jumping a a few days, years, or even thousands of years. All I knew is when I left, I went forward through time and had no control over it. My first jump took me 100 years forward, when I stepped out all I knew and loved was gone. I was a mess...I contemplated suicide. But then my guardian angel came...a man I only ever got to know as "Joe." Not sure if he was ever connected to the mysterious capsule that fell from the sky, or just a lucky break for a poor soul such as I. Although I could never prove it I felt he was connected; Joe always knew where I would land. He said he got these straight *feelings* and *visions* as to when and where I would arrive* All I did know for sure was he saved my life. He got me back on my feet, gave me a purpose and ever since then I have been traveling forward through time, an explorer had been born. 

"Hey..."  Said Joe, looking tired and weak. I had not seen him like that since Rome had fallen. "How was your trip?"

"Joe, you know it was not really a trip for me buddy! How was YOUR Trip??" I made light of what I was seeing, but after knowing him for so many years, even if I didn't know much about his past, I knew something was up. 

"Things have been...interested." He said behind estranged eyes.

"Ok Joe, whats up buddy...what is going on. How long have I been gone, what is the current date? I don't see too many changes. Is this, New York? Where are the...where are the towers if this is New York?"

Tears swelled up in his eyes. One of the curses of being immortal was that you lived forever and saw all the ugly the world had to offer...unlike myself who had the ability to leave it all behind, a curse in of itself, Joe had to suffer more than anymore. 

"They fell my friend...the world has become...chaotic. A year after you left...everything fell apart. Terrorists attacked...the stock market collapsed when the housing market fell...it's been bad. The world is not what it used to be; technology beyond your imagine has come about but with it has come evils which I can only begin to fathom." 

"Joe...what year is it?" 

More tears swelled up. "It's only 2018..."

"TWO-THOUSAND AND EIGHTEEN? IT'S ONLY BEEN 18 FUCKING YEARS AND THIS IS HOW BAD IT HAS GOTTEN?! What the fuck Joe! The world is only still just recovering from the the last two great wars, I thought we were on a good track..." 

His jaw tightened and he looked me sternly in the eyes, his were filled with fire. "That's not the worst of it. You just missed the last election two years ago....Donald Trump is the President now..."

I said nothing...I turned around, stepped back into the capsule and said fuck it. Here is to the next jump being better.


Eric enjoyed reading in the sun room as of late. He'd collected many a manuscript over the years but always seemed too busy to get to them. Now that the war was over he had a bit of down time to clear his backlog.

He rested on the love seat Donna had convinced him to buy. She was a girl of her time, obsessed with tie-dye and flowers, peace and hallucinogens. The love seat was shitty, but the way she saw it it built character, and who was he to argue? Squirming to get comfortable, he opened up to the page he'd marked, but stopped when a low rumbling filled the quiet air. Light bulbs flickered. The chandelier shook in an increasingly violent fashion. 

Eric rolled his eyes. *Not now...*

A flash--a clap of thunder--and in a shower of sparks stood Dario the Traveler. This time he was wearing disheveled Victorian garb, a bowler hat askew on his shaggy head. Same shit-eating grin, though. "Hey buddy!!" he said.

"I'm busy," Eric groaned. "Gimme a year or two."

"Nah," Dario laughed, looking around. "Where the fuck are we?"

"Los Angeles," Eric replied. "1973."

"No shit? I was aiming for the sixties." Dario wandered to the window and looked out on the Pacific, eyes wide. "Pretty, but didn't all the good shit happen in the sixties?"

Eric put down his book; he wouldn't be getting back to Chaucer anytime soon. "That depends who you ask, I guess," he said, standing. "Where did you come from this time?"

"Did a little rough ridin' with this dude named Teddy." Dario looked back with a wink. "Said he knew you."

"Ugh. Roosevelt was a twat," Eric said. "Incredibly pompous. And he never let us eat Mexican food."

"Yeah, he was kinda racist." Dario thought for a second, then snapped his fingers. "Ooh, but I know this president in a few decades who's--"

"I don't want to know," Eric snapped.

Dario shrugged and looked back to the ocean. "Suit yourself."

Eric joined him at the window, smiling in spite of himself. He never anticipated Dario's visits but he was glad they were still happening. After WWII, the last time they'd seen each other, Dario had pledged to save the dinosaurs. He didn't, obviously, but Eric was glad he'd survived to come back. 

"Were you aiming for California?" he asked his old friend. Dario shrugged again.

"Hawaii, actually," the traveler said. "Apparently there was this crazy eruption but I think I'm off a decade or so."

"Probably for the best."

"Eh."

Chuckling, Eric headed from the sun room. "Well, if you're no busy, my girlfriend's having a friend over."

Dario turned, eyebrow raised. "I thought you were..."

"In the barracks, yeah. Out here? Not as popular lately."

"It will be."

"Then I'll be gay then. Donna's great, anyway."

Dario followed Eric into the kitchen, where he grabbed some beers from the fridge. "What's her last name?" he ventured. Eric smirked.

"Summer," he said. 

"What's her friend's name?"

"Goldie."

Eric's smirk became a grin watching Dario realize where he'd landed. "Oh, this is gonna be a fun fucking weekend!" he said.

"Damn right," the immortal replied, and they clinked bottles.


Immortality isn't what everyone believes it is. You can't escape death - not in the way people think. Trust me, I've tried - I've lived through the ages and every time I glance myself in the mirror there's a new line on my face, more grey in my hair. Doesn't matter if I'm going backwards or forwards - time still passes. 

I don't know when I first met Arthur - likely I'd come across him many times before I realised it was the same person I was talking to. He's different every time, you see. Well, in appearance, at least - though sometimes only minutely - but in all the ways that matter, he's still *Arthur*. Still loud and brash, arrogant but with the kindest heart I've ever come across. I should have realised sooner - somehow his grin always quirks the exact same way, and his eyes flash with the same knowing glint no matter the shade. 

The first time I *remember* meeting him - and knowing for certain, in hindsight, that it was him - it was 1998. He was working as a nurse in the most run down hospital I had ever had the misfortune to step into, and he flashed me a harried grin as he rushed through his introduction, efficiently cleaning and stitching the gash along my hand. I remember a flash of recognition settling into my stomach as I met his (then blue) eyes, and I had known in that instant that, somehow, I knew him. It was only a few months later in 1859 that I spotted him talking on a street corner in New York city, a handful of people loitering around listening to him speak out against the latest taxation problems (some things never change, no matter the year). I stopped and joined the small gathering, and he smiled when he caught my eye - his eyes were brown and he was shorter, but it was undeniably *him*. When all the others had wandered away, I stayed, and he greeted me with a handshake, his hand warm in mine as he introduced himself again.  He still does that - no matter the year, it's always the same. A brief handshake, a grin. 
His name. 

(that changes sometimes, as well - I'll never let him live down the lifetime he went as *Archibald*. He bears my teasing with good-natured grumbling.)

"So, have you been here before?" He asks. 

He asks that quite often as well - I don't know why. No matter my answer he catches me up - tells me what's happening, what to look out for, things and people of interest. Sometimes we go our separate ways immediately. Sometimes he takes me out for dinner, and we catch up.

Over time we've discussed everything under the sun - politics, religion, romance, food, travel (that last one certainly took more time than the other, more mundane subjects). But in all the lives he's lead and in all the time I've experienced, he won't tell me when *he* first met *me*. His eyes go sad around the corners and he changes the subject quickly. 

Arthur is not what I would call subtle - I doubt he ever has been or ever will be. 

His eyes follow the canyons time has carved onto my face. His hands, in some lifetimes, card through my slowly greying hair with something like fear. In the 60s (1860's, that is) his hands are distant and careful. In the 2060's they're greedy and reverent. Some lifetimes he doesn't kiss me. Some life times, he does. Some life times, he has a wife and children. Some life times, we miss each other by weeks, and I'll find his name in the obituaries. Time passes. Back or forward, it passes. He never checks how old I am when we find each other. 



Arthur has lived more lifetimes than I can imagine, and I have seen more of time than I ever thought possible. 


    

My hair greys. The lines on my face deepen. Arthur watches, and in every lifetime his eyes hold the same knowing glint. 

No one can escape death and immortality isn't real.

Not in the way you think.


I first laid eyes on him in Troy. 

We were sheltering from the oncoming forces in a temple near the outer walls. The soldiers were watching the perimeter while women and children waited inside. And he appeared, right smack bang in the middle of all of us. Almost knocked over our wine table. The soldiers were terrified, they thought someone had breached the walls, even if they couldn't work out how. They dragged him away, all the while he attempted to explain the impossible... he had simply appeared out of nowhere. 

I didn't get the chance to speak to him then. That wouldn't happen for another 40 years, when I was wandering the plains of Sparta. I was heading to a small town at the top of a mountain when I slipped on a loose piece of rock and fell... but the fall never came. He had again appeared out of nowhere. I turned and saw him. A shockingly handsome boy of maybe 23 years. I went to thank him, but before I could get a word out he shouted "Where is King Arthur? I need to find him!" he thrust a golden wine cup in my face, gesturing as if it would mean something to me. "Arthur? What a funny name" I replied, before informing him that since the last city siege, we had no king. And we had certainly never had one by the name of Arthur. He walked me the rest of the way to the town, and I could barely get a word out. I just stared at him. This gorgeous, fascinating man.

We had our first date in the gardens on Babylon. We sat in cool grass as I lay in his arms. He told me I would see something amazing. And within the hour I did: A shooting star, bright white as it danced across the sky. "How did you know that was going to happen?" I asked him "Are you one of those star-readers from the far east?". That's when he told me. 

He was a traveler. Not just a traveler of the land, like me, but of time. He never knew how long he would be on one place, and he never knew where the next place would be. He would just disappear, and re-appear without a moment's warning. While he couldn't decide where he would be next, he was convinced that he could sometimes influence the outcomes. "I noticed you that very first night, in Troy" he said "I saw something in your eyes that I've never seen before. Every night since, I've dreamed of meeting you again. When I saw you again in Sparta and you hadn't aged a day, I knew you were special, like me". 

We made love for the first time on a Greek island in the middle of a religious festival. I was watching the priestesses perform a sacrifice when he appeared on the edge of the crowd, waving. I left my seat immediately, and spent the rest of the night locked in passionate embrace on a secluded, white sand beach. 

I've lived my entire life waiting for him. I never know when he will appear next. Sometimes it's months, sometimes decades. I wander the world seeking knowledge. It started out as a noble quest to make the most of my potentially infinite time here. Now it is simply a method of keeping myself busy until I see him again. 

Sometimes he appears as a sprightly young man of 20, enthusiastic and full of energy. Sometimes he is a more mature, slightly greying man, a silver fox. I kind of prefer the more experienced one personally. Sometimes he is too old and withered to make love, and we simply lie together in each others arms, fortunate for all the time we have.

I've seen war, famine, the rise and fall of empires, religions, and entire races. I've seen the world change. The only constant I've ever known is him. He may not be here now, but I know I will see him again someday. And that hope if all I need to keep me going. I love a man who can never stay, and he loves a woman who can never die. And I could not be luckier.


When I saw those blue eyes I knew it was her.

I remember how those gentle they twinkled when we saw the construction of the Coliseum together.

How she cried when the Library of Alexandria was burnt down, knowing she couldn't save that knowledge to keep the timeline stable.

The sheer curiosity and joy she felt when she discovered my immortality. To think something I always considered a curse would allow me to experience such a moments of happiness. It was adorable to watch her nod as I filled her in the history for our current meeting point.

A one too many faux pass will teach you that lesson, least you want to end up Babylonian jail cell again.

All those events we saw together have a special place in my heart. The fall of the Wall of Berlin. The first moon landing. The Crucifixion. We were together through so much. Sharing those memories with someone is what made this unending existence bearable. Knowing that every milestone, someone would be there with me.

That kiss she stole from me in the Epsilon Eridani colony will always be my favorite.

I control myself not to cry as I recall her last breath as we rested underneath that simple tree in Ancient Mesopotamia, enjoying a simple day forgotten to time.

As I held her I couldn't help the smile I got, knowing how much this girl would do. It's only fitting I supposed. I was there at the end of her life and now I get to be at the start.

It will be fun anecdote to tell next time I see her.

"Congratulations, Ma'am. Is a girl."


Thea leaned back in her chair, letting her shoulders relax as she breathed out slowly through her mouth. He'd be here, tonight. At least, that's what he'd told her the last time she'd seen him, a decade before.

"The next jump I make to see you will be the first night of the new millennium!" he'd exclaimed. "Even for a Traveler like me, that's exciting!"

"I guess it's old hat for you, though," he mused. "After what, six thousand years, this must not be that big of a deal."

"No, Tiff, the days all kind of melt together after the first two thousand years," she'd responded.

"Well, that's what we do, huh? I zip back and forth, and you get to see everything! Even with my machine, I still just get one lifetime." His face suddenly fell. "I wish I could spend more than that with you, though."

Thea laughed and kissed him on the cheek. "I don't know, Tiff, one lifetime seems to be enough for most people."

He'd grinned, slipped his arms around her, and drew her down to the bed with him. "As long as I get to spend mine with you, that's enough for me." By the time she woke up, he was gone.

She knew he was there after just a few heartbeats. A whiff of ozone, a faint white light, and he was standing across the table from her.

"Thea! Happy Millennium!" He leapt across the room, gathering her into a crushing hug. "God, I have so much to tell you! The next few years get crazy, you should move off the mainland."

"That's fine, Tiff," she interrupted. "Have some wine. I've been saving it for you since the last time we saw each other."

"Aww, how sweet!" He was grinning from ear to ear as he uncorked the bottle and poured the dark red liquid into two crystal glasses. "It's so good to see you, I've missed you so much the past few months."

A tight smile pursed her lips. "Has it only been a few months for you?"

"Mmmhm" he responded around a mouthful of wine. "I got caught up in the Kuiper Belt Mines War and just wanted to see you. Well, I guess I should say I *will* get caught up in it, two hundred and fifty-seven years from now. Love, you should have seen it, they were smashing asteroids together and raining debris down on outposts, it was insane."

Thea watched as Tiff's face grew redder and redder as he spoke. "Hey, Thea . . . do you . . . I don't feel right. Do you think that wine is off?" His eyes bulged, he clawed at his collar, and finally stumbled against the table and fell to the floor, gasping.

"Sorry, love." Thea moved around the overturned chairs to stand above Tiff. "I guess the paralytic I coated the glasses in doesn't agree with you."

Tiff's eyes darted back and forth as tears welled. "Why . . . why are you doing this?"

Thea stooped and pulled the gold-plated Traveler's pocket watch from Tiff's jacket pocket. She held it up to her face and twisted the gold chain, breaking the candlelight and sending it spinning wildly around the room. "How long have we been together, Tiff?"

Tiff stared up at her, utterly confused, terrified. "For . . . forever, Thea."

"No, how old were you when we met?"

"Twenty-six."

Thea nodded. "And how old are you now?"

"Thirty-two."

"Six years. It's been six years for you." Thea shook her head. "I was two thousand years old when I met you. I've given you four millennia, Tiff."

She knelt to cup his face in her hand. "And you couldn't even give me all of those six years, could you, you bastard? Showing up for the spectacles, then jumping off to the next adventure."

Tiff choked through his tears, "I'm sorry I couldn't take you with me, but the Traveler's watch can only jump one person." Each breath came shallower and shallower now, harder and harder as his lungs slowly shut down. "I wanted to show you everything, Thea."

Thea's eyes blazed. "I've already seen it, you idiot! I've been here for every goddamn second. Every war, every flood, every famine, every lazy fucking Sunday where nothing, nothing, nothing happened! Why the hell would I want to go back and live through it again?"

Tiff's voice was barely a whisper. "Thea . . . I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry." He paused. "I just don't understand."

The fire in her eyes softened for a moment. "I loved you, Tiff, I really did. For a thousand years and more. But you have what I don't."

She stood and stared down into his glassy, open eyes. "You have an end, Tiff."

She held the Traveler's watch in front of her face again. "And so does the universe . . . I hope."

A whiff of ozone, a faint white light, and she was gone.


The field coil blew out with an audible *pop* around 8,055 CE. The world snapped into view, and I emerged from the twilit void of Ur-travel blinking and disoriented.   

At least the air was breathable. In fact, it was beautiful here, trees stretching off into a valley ahead; rainclouds off in the distance, rolling away. The air smelled like spring.  

My chronometer was completely useless. It would take until nightfall to realign with the celestial sphere, provided the sun still set as usual. The last time I touched down there was some sort of geoengineering project screwing with the insolation, so I had packed up and moved on in hopes of getting my bearings back.  

Looking east, I spotted a telltale sign of habitation on the side of the valley: a straight line, most likely a wall or road embankment. Gathering up the remains of my generator into my knapsack, I began the hike to see who still lived here.   

Within a mile the trees thinned out and my destination was clear. Ruins, big ones, at the same location as the old monastery. With luck, I'd have shelter for the night.  

Hiking into the clearing surrounding the crumbling walls, I saw clear signs of humanity. Bowls, jars, upturned logs hollowed out; rain catchment. Good. I wouldn't need the power-hungry little condenser I'd squirreled away. Radiation was probably almost nil, too, if the water was drinkable.  

Making my way to the rough arch of the old gatehouse, I nearly tripped as I heard a slight cough from behind me. Whirling, I saw a wizened old man staring curiously at me, clutching a graying wooden staff and clothed in a rough cape and sun-browned skin.  His expression was sharp, guarded; he shaded his eyes with a gnarled hand and squinted at me.  

"Do you live here? Someone I used to know did," I asked, but even as I began to speak he shook his head, mouth turned down in disappointment. He tapped his throat, then met my gaze as he shook his head deliberately. Ah, no talking. Gotcha.  

I opened my hands and spread my arms: no weapons. After a minute of contemplation the old man nodded and began shambling toward the ruins, beckoning with his free hand.  

As he led me through the overgrown stone arches and walls, my suspicions were confirmed. This was Sven's place, alright; there was the old pavilion where he'd anoint the new supplicants; to the side were the tiny rooms where Searchers slept, resting from their biomedical quest for inner peace. Beyond were the rusting metal walls of the labs, empty of the machinery that once hummed in secret. The old man moved slowly, but he knew every step, stepping surely over tussocks of field grass and tangled roots my feet managed to stumble on.  

At the covered, mossy arch of the old chapel door he paused, looking back at me, giving me a thorough once-over. He nodded shortly, grunting, and pulled back the twisted cloth hung from the pillars to either side. He waved me in.  

Blinking in the cool dimness, I saw a household that wouldn't look out of place an eon ago. Unglazed pottery lined the walls, bundles of plants tied to vines hanging from the hewn stone. A low pile of coals smoldered in a pit where the old lectern had been, pews long gone. A shapeless mass of straw and animal skins made for a bed in the far corner. The old man looked around, searching for something, and then grunted in satisfaction as he hobbled to a rough table.  

He turned and handed me a small stick; a twig, really. Deliberately he held up his hand, rubbing forefingers and thumb together, glancing at the twig. *More*. I nodded, looking him in the eye, and he gestured in an offhand way at the arch, outside.  *Back out*, I suppose. I left him in his little stone cave, and headed for the woods for more kindling.  

It was nearly nightfall when I finished, an armload of twigs from the forest floor in tow. The old man had been busy; a new fire burned in the pavilion's fire pit, streaming sparks and smoke into the sky. A spit rested nearby, tiny carcasses skewered neatly on top. Rats, most likely, but maybe cuy or one of the mod-species of rabbit that used to tunnel in these hills. Either way I wasn't complaining if he wanted to share.  

He nodded in satisfaction as I dumped the twigs in a pile by the worn stone bench adjacent the fire. He sat, and began to pick them up, one by one, breaking off bits here and there, sizing them evenly. Eventually he looked up from his task, eying me as I busied myself with realigning transformer guts and rewiring the field coil. He stretched, yawning, and poked at the sizzling little creatures on the fire, pulling one off the makeshift spit and offering it to me. I nodded in thanks, blowing on the hot meat and brushing off char. It wasn't bad, a little gamey maybe. He seemed healthy enough; I wasn't worried what exactly I was eating.  

As we reached the bone-gnawing end of our meal, he belched noisily and tossed the remains into the dark. Wiping his hands, he looked at me significantly and reached for the twigs he had set aside. Carefully he sorted them; three small piles on the smooth stone bench. He looked at me, imploring, and held up one twig. Tapping his chest, then the twig, he raised his eyebrows. Gesturing to me, he tapped the twig again, and another eyebrow raise. *Us, get it?* I nodded on agreement. He gestured at the piles, then flung his hands out as if to encompass the ruins, the valley, the world. *Everyone*. I nodded again. He took his twig, setting it aside, and picked up two more, one each from the two nearest piles. Holding them in front of his face, he pressed them together in an X, rubbing them together furiously. Pressing hard, they both snapped, and he held them out again, broken and dangling. *Conflict*. He threw them to the ground, suddenly vicious, and grabbed the two piles, smashing them together as they splintered and broke apart. Suddenly he threw them into the fire where the green wood hissed and spit, crackling. Chest heaving with exertion, he stared at me darkly. *War*. After a moment, he took the third pile, and, one by one, getting faster with each, he began heaving the sticks into the dark space beyond the pavilion wall, finally jumping to his feet and flinging the remainder all at once. Wheezing gently, he stared off into the blackness of the forest.  

Turning to me, I noticed a tear rolling down his ancient face. With a quivering hand, he pointed up, up into the night sky. I followed his bony hand to see the moon; even though it was waxing I could see the bright rings and sparkling points shimmering across the surface. Dropping his hand, he looked at me tearfully. He held up the lone remaining twig, tapping his chest again slowly.  

*Alone*.  

Standing, I reached out to him, taking his shaking hand. Tapping his chest, then mine, I pointed to the sky, circling the moon, clasping his palm tightly. Staring into his eyes I implied the invitation: *come with me?*  

Longingly, he gazed at me, before dropping my hand, turning back to the fire. Hunching, he sat, looking vacantly at the flames.


"You know Jack, you're a real asshole sometimes. But, in a good way."

The two men both erupted into laughter while sharing a warm beverage over a campfire. They sipped on it slowly while passing it to each other. 

Jack looked up at the sky, smiling, "You know, I'll never get over this. Looking up at this sky at night. It leaves me breathless. It's nights like this that I'm alright being alive forever. Wouldn't you agree, Sam?"

Sam took the drink from Jack and looked upwards, "Yeah, I agree. Makes me wish I had what you had. But only on nights like this."

"You know I'll try to find a way to make it stop," Jack said, poking at the fire.

"I know. But I've been travelling for what seems like forever. I've practically forgotten my age. I just wish I knew when it would happen. At least I know when and where I'm going, at least."

Jack moved closer, throwing his arm around Sam, "What's it been...5,000 years, give or take, since I first met you? You've been meeting up with me in random parts of my life. It's nice to have that stability, of knowing someone, just as I'm sure it's nice for you. You know I'm not going anywhere so I'm going to do my best to make sure you don't either, alright? You're my friend. The only real one I've got. No matter where, nor when you're at. I'm here for you."

Sam tried to hid what seemed like a tear but Jack saw and lightly punched his arm, "Thanks man. It means a lot. But quit being all sappy with me and get it through your head What you'll be encountering in 300 years. That where I'm from we have little rectangles that can let people talk to other people across the world. You have to accept it man."

Jack shook his head, "Look, I believe you and all, but the thing that shocks me the most is that we aren't using fire for light anymore."

They both erupted into laughter again, only to be interrupted by the ground shaking around them.

"No, no, no. Not again! I only just got settled!" Sam yelled in anger. 

"Sam! Quickly, tell me what you see and I will find you!"

Sam closed his eyes to concentrate as he began to float into the air, "Times Square, New York City, year 3631. Jack, ple-," he was cut off as he went sent into the future. Jack, with barely any time to react with what happened, fell to his knees.

*

*

He awoke, shivering from the intense cold. The frozen air stole his words before he could speak. He glanced up and saw dark figure approaching him in hurried pace. The figure wrapped him up in large protective blanket as he was picked up and carried off.

"Ja-Jack?"

He looked forward into the cold emptiness that used to be New York and looked down at him, "It's Malcolm now. You've got a lot of catching up to do if you're going to survive."


It's amazing how much people change after high school.  Chard Burkheart was the star quarterback in high school, the most popular guy in school.  Now he works at a gas station with a pot belly and no hair.  Dave Spellerman went from bullied nerd to Internet billionaire.  All that time spent on a computer really paid off for him.  

And then there's Rosalyn "Roz" Churchill went from my childhood friend to my high school flame to leader of the criminal underground.  That one was definitely a curveball.

All I wanted to do was use the ATM.  Then some thugs in ski masks bust in and hold me at gunpoint, threatening to shoot me if they didn't open the register.  I thought it was all over until the weirdest damn thing happened.  See, one of the guys took my wallet and started pocketing all my cash.  But when they saw my driver's license, this tough, beefy criminal starts freaking out.  

"It's him!  It's the guy on the "No Harm" list!  We just held Mike Peterson at gunpoint!"  

One of the other guys grabbed my wallet, looked inside, and just froze.  "Oh shit," he said.  "If Roz finds out, we're fucking dead!"  So the thugs just drop my wallet on the ground and pulls some money out of his pocket.  He hands it to me and tells me "please don't tell Roz.  It was a mistake, honestly!"  Then they ran out of there as fast as they could.  And I was left standing there as everyone in the bank looked at me, wondering what the hell just happened.  No way it could be *that* Roz...right?

Roz was one of those girls you only think exist in movies.  The girl that comes into your life to turn it upside down, that wild and rebellious girl who gets you to loosen up and enjoy life.  She did ever since we were kids and when high school came around I gathered up the courage to ask her out.  We dated for a few years but when college rolled around, we realized we were heading separate ways in life.  So we broke up, very amicably, and eventually lost touch.  It wasn't until I started tracking her down that I realized she had even come back to town.  

Finding her location was surprisingly easy.  I drove into the shadier part of town and started asking around.  Whenever I said her name, their faces would get deathly pale.  Some just ran away, terrified for their lives.  The ones who didn't filled me in.  Apparently, Roz is basically the queen of some massive criminal organization with influence all over the world.  She's basically the queen of crime.  No one even jaywalks without getting her permission.  Those who disobeyed her had a habit of disappearing.  

I couldn't believe it.  Roz, some evil mastermind?  She was one of the sweetest people on the planet.  No way she was some sort of super mafia boss.  As I dug deeper, I learned that she apparently put me on a "No Harm" list.  Though it wasn't much of a list as I was apparently the only one on it.  None of her old friends or even her family made it on the list (which wasn't surprising considering the strained relationship she had with her parents).  Roz decreed that anyone who tried to harm me in any way was to be killed.  After a little more digging, I finally found what I was looking for- the address of her headquarters.

So I here I was, standing outside of some abandoned looking warehouse, about to meet my criminal ex-girlfriend.  All in all, not how I expected to spend my Saturday.  I walked to the entrance and some big bouncer looking type stopped me.  "Sir, I'm gonna half to ask you to leave."

"Look, I'm here to see Roz, she's an old friend of mine and-" Without warning, the guy started walking towards me.  He reached for a gun and cocked it.

"Sir, no on sees the boss.  Now, please leave or I will *make* you leave."

I put my hands up defensively and shouted "My name is Mike Peterson!  Please, I just want to talk to Roz!"

The guy's face looked pale and he backed up immediately.  "Mike Peter- my apologies sir, I didn't know!"  He then got on his knees and started begging.  "Please, *please* don't tell the boss about this!  I wouldn't have done it if I had known who you were!"

"Uh, sure," I said, wanting to move this along as quickly as possible before it got more awkward.  

The guy got up and walked back to the door, holding it open for me.    He was sweating now, his facing showing pure terror.  "Please, sir, after you."  I steeled myself for what would happen next and walked in.

I expected a lot of things.  But I didn't expect to see Roz sitting on a golden throne atop a massive pile of money.

The guard approached the pile and said "Ma'am, Mike Peterson has come to speak with you."

Roz looked like she was in intense thought about something but once she heard my name she turned her attention to me, her face beaming with joy.  "Mikey!  Oh my gosh, it is you!"  She slid down the money pile and gave me a massive hug.  "I missed you so much.  You look good.  Gosh, what's it been, 10?  12 years?"

"Yeah, just about.  I see you've been...busy," I said, motioning to the pile.

"Oh, yes, it's been a great quarter.  But with the upcoming expansions I expect to see some massive improvements.  Come on, let's catch up."  With that, Roz took my hand and led me to an elevator.  She pushed a button and we went down.  

Turns out the place was way bigger than I thought.  Underneath the warehouse were greenhouses for pot, crates full of guns, and tables of people counting stacks of $100 bills.  She even had a private jet down here.  As we walked through warehouse, Roz told me all about how she ended up here.  Selling pot to pay for college, which became a lucrative business.  She hired some people to help and the operation grew to selling illegal imports, from Kinder eggs to assault rifles.  The money she earned helped pay for high-tech equipment to set up other branches of her "business" all around the world.  Plenty of gangs and mafias were against her taking over but they were either taken down or forced to join.  In just over a decade, Roz became the criminal mastermind of the world.  She even had enough power to influence government policies and could even control the elections.  She had become the shadow government ruling the world behind the curtain.

"So after cementing my authority," Roz continued.  "I decided I should use my newfound power for good.  And because of that, the world is a safer place.  Crime is dropping every year, Mike.  Sure, some crazy guy starts murdering people every once in a while.  We can't control that.  But drug trafficking, armed robberies, even political corruption?  That we can control."

"Wow, Roz.  I'll admit, your means are...unorthodox.  But you've definitely made the world a better place."

"Thank you, Mike," she said, wrapping her arms around my neck.  "I always regretted losing touch with you.  I know we had to go our separate ways but I always wanted to reconnect with you.  That's why I came back, why I put you on the list.  I wanted to see you again and catch up.  Maybe grab a bite to eat.  Like the good old days."

I stared into her eyes for what seemed like eternity and I felt like I did in high school all over again.  Just me and her, nothing else.  I missed this feeling.  I missed Roz.  "I'd like that," I said finally.

"Oh, I almost forgot," she said.  "I've got another surprise for you."  She ushered me over to the other side of the room.  All I could think about was how little she changed.  She was still that spunky girl, carving her own path to save the world.  Sure she did it through organized crime but the at least it was organized.  She was still that same kindhearted girl I fell in love with all those years ago. 

She led me to a dimly lit room at the far end of the basement level.  Inside, bound and gagged, were three men.  They looked terrified but Roz was practically beaming with pride.  "So, what do you think?"

"Roz, who are these people?"

"These are the no good dirty thugs who held you at gunpoint at the bank.  I had my men track them down and bring them here to educate them."  With that, Roz whipped out a handgun and loaded a clip.  She pointed it at the one on the left and slowly drifted it across all three of them.  "Now," she said.  "Which one of you little shits put a gun to my Mikey's head?"

Okay, maybe she wasn't the *exact* same kindhearted girl I fell in love with.

EDIT: HOLY FUCKING SHIT I FINALLY STRUCK GOLD! Not gonna lie, I half-assed this story at 2AM and was too tried to proofread it.  I honestly thought it was kind of meh but I liked the prompt and I already spent so much time on it so I posted anyway.  Guess I'm just too hard on myself.  To read more of my work, check out my award-winning novel that I've totally started.  It's coming out soonish, I promise!

EDIT 2: I wanted to write part 2 in the comments below but it got really long.  So I created a brand new subreddit to post it right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mikesonofpeter/comments/81weik/wp_during_a_bank_robbery_youre_surprised_when_the/).  Come over to r/mikesonofpeter to read the conclusion to this story.  Who knows, maybe I'll write more there?


"Oh shit oh shit-"

"What is it? Calm the hell down T."

"It's him, it's-it's Warren!"

"No it can't-, what? THE Warren?"

"Yes THE Warren, we're sorry sir. We didn't know you were in here!" the shaking man in the ski mask told me.

"Honest mistake sir," the other bank robber yelled from the counter, "have a nice day!"

I'd not understood then. But I did now. It corroborated a lot of events that had been happening in the past few years. Small subtle things like preferential treatment at a coffee place or how my friends kept telling me how lucky I was that I would always get the first job offer or apartment I applied for. I'd always chalked it all up to good fortune but this event. The robber calling me "THE Warren", meant that, to their group or at least to someone, I was important. Important enough for bank robbers to run out of the building in fear.

And as I stood among the dressed in black, each man and woman walked past me with grieving faces. They told me how much my mother meant to them and how sorry they were. They each shared a happy moment for me to hold onto, to think about the better times. Despite the stories, I sat there. Watching the grave digger shovel more and more dirt onto her coffin. Soon there was no-one left but the gravedigger.

I broke down into tears, sobbing into my palms like a little boy. I wailed and wailed thinking about all the moments I had with her, and all the moments I wouldn't. I heaved with each cry and let out what I had tried so strongly to hold in. To give the appearance of strength. But I was weak. I was helpless. I let her die. I should've pushed harder. You see she wasn't dead of old age. She didn't die in a tragic car accident. She died of Methemoglobinemia. Aniline seeping into the water pipes from a nearby factory repeatedly poisoned my mother for years.

"I'm sorry," a voice said calmly behind me. I was startled and released my sticky hands from my face. The gravedigger was gone, the grave still only half full. I tried to recompose myself before turning around to face the voice. But when I turned I saw her. Ira. The girl I once loved. Once. We had split up right before college in a less-than-friendly fashion. I don't even remember what the fight was about, but she had struck me. It didn't really hurt physically and I tried to assure her that I could forgive it but she was distraught. She said nobody had ever made her feel that way and left.

She stood there, looking like she did the day we split up. I sat there motionless, the scent of freshly dug soil lingering in the air. She turned and walked away. And I didn't follow. 

After a few days, I wasn't even sure it happened. Perhaps it was just a stress-induced imagination? But she stayed in my mind, and with every lucky green traffic light, to fortunate parking space. Every random Samaritan paying for my meal, she came into my mind. Was she the reason I was called "THE Warren"?

I was bent over my desk, paper scattered across the surface. Like a full blown conspiracy theorist, I had strings connecting pages and photographs on a cork board, trying to link all the people that held back the regulations to make the water safe. I had most of the links, but it was overwhelming me. There were _so_ many people involved, from government officials to safety inspectors. All of them in on it in some way. In this moment my mother would've come in with a glass of tea, patting me on the shoulder to tell me that I shouldn't work so hard. That I would work myself into an early grave. But her ghost faded away as I yearned for that pat on the shoulder. I looked up in anger and saw the photos of the men and women stuck on the board who denied me the rest of her life. 

I screamed. I screamed and screamed only to be interrupted by a knock on my door. Looking through the peephole, I saw "Joe's Pizza Palace" written on the teenager's hat.

"I have a delivery for a Mr. Warren?" the pizza boy yelled from the other side of the door before giving it another knock. I opened the door.

"Ah Warren right?" he asked, handing me the pizza.

"I didn't order a pizza?" I mentioned, still taking the pizza in hand because it was a pizza and I wasn't gonna say no.

"It says right here, Warren, 25 Paper Street, pepperoni and pineapples with extra pineapples," he said, pointing at the receipt, "now I won't judge you for the pineapples, everyone has their dirty little secret. Have a nice day!" the boy said with a smile before turning and walking away.

"W-Wait, I haven't paid for this yet," I yelled across my front yard.

"Um," the boy looked back down at the receipt, "No it says here that you paid online already," he yelled back as he reached his car door, the "Joe's Pizza Palace" car topper blocking his face. He paused and leaned to look at me again past the topper. "Or at least, somebody did," he mentioned with an innocent smile before getting in the car and driving away.

Pepperoni and pineapples were my favorite.

I walked back into my living room and placed the pizza down, opening the box expecting a message written inside. Of course there was none. Why would there be? I took a slice and walked up to the cork board of faces. I stood there chewing trying to think of my approach tomorrow. I had planned to go to the zoning official's office and get some answers. I had a rough plan about how I was gonna get in front of the man but it was still rough.

Looking back down at the pizza, I tried to shake it off as crazy. But the feeling was there and any idiot could see the connections. But it was _crazy_.

"Tomorrow," I yelled to nobody in the room, "I am going to the zoning official's board to speak to Harold Weinbrecht about the unattended seeping of Aniline into the water supply system." And of course, nobody replied.

---

Part 2 below: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/81n6ls/wp_during_a_bank_robbery_youre_surprised_when_the/dv48flq/


(Ugh why does waiting at the bank take so long) I thought to myself (the one day I'm not too busy to walk inside and the frickin lines are a mile long.)

The people in front of me shuffle like zombies when the front guy leaves, meaning I'm moving about a foot from where I was before.

(Seriously!!) There's a woman in front who brought her dang kid and IS HE SERIOUSLY COUNTING PENNIES ONE BY FRICKIN ONE!!! UGHHHH!!!

This is why I never walk in the bank. I always prefer the drive throughs, but today I didn't have as many errands to run so I decided to walk in and maybe grab me an actual piece of candy without having to awkwardly ask for it bc I'm an adult who is supposed to be repulsed by the idea of sweets but hey, gotta love them little suckers.

My thought process is immediately halted as three men with ski masks and assault rifles barge inside the door demanding everyone get down on the ground. I throw my hands up as one of them waves a gun towards me and I survey the door out of the corner of my eye, but I'm worried he will shoot me as it's too far away, so I slowly sink down to my knees before I hear the police sirens and he forcibly grabs my arm.

"Any funny business, and I shoot you all one by one," he yelled, "starting with you!" His tongue like a snake in my ear as I'm disgusted by the way he whispered it like a rapist. He slides his hand down my ass and I use my other hand to slap his away. He smiles and throws me down on the ground with force before he searches my pockets for whatever money he thinks I'm carrying, sliding his eyes down my boobs and stopping at the nametag sewn into my work shirt.

He stops immediately and gets this horrified expression on his face. He jumps up and backs away slowly. "What are ya doin, Paul!!"

"That's her! That's her!! The one the boss says we cant touch!! Im dead!! Im a dead man!! I can't do this, man!!" The man in the ski mask drops his gun and runs outside hands up to the police, surrendering himself. One of the other two men holds his gun towards me and demands I tell him who I am.

"I'm Kay. Kay Peterson."

The second man becomes just as horrified, takes his mask off, and puts the gun in his mouth. Pieces of him go everywhere as everyone screams. I get up and look towards the third man, who looks too scared to move. Everyone's eyes are on me, like I'm some sort of savior. The third man is so terrified to move that he pisses himself as I walk closer. Then he starts spouting off nonsense about how I'm on a 'No Harm' list and his boss is gonna make them wish they were dead without actually giving them the pleasure of death.

"And who is your boss?" I ask.

He drops his gun and falls on his hands and knees begging me not to tell his boss that he will do anything I ask as long as I did not tell that they held me at gunpoint, blabbering about how he has a family to support and he really didn't wanna do this, blah blah blah...

"Just give me a damn name!!"

He climbs to his knees and starts praying in a foreign language and hands me a note before assuming his bitch position, still praying for dear life.

I open the paper and become flabbergasted to the name as I had not heard it in many years.

Eric Drake

But there was no way.

Eric was always shy and reserved. He was the kind of guy that would do anything you needed from him. Albeit he was pretty naive at times. We became fast friends as kids and I admit I had a minor crush on him after the summer of '03 when he hit puberty and became hot, but regrettably that same year he moved and we lost touch a long time ago. He was the sweetest guy I knew. So there was absolutely no way that he could instill this much fear into a group of thugs.

I tossed the paper into my pocket and threw my hands up when the police marched in and escorted everyone out. I also made a mental note to look Eric up on social media to see if I could find him again.


(Content note: violence) 

I crouched behind the counter, drenched in fear. The shouts and screams surrounded me, but all I could focus on was the sound of my heart pounding and the sickening dread in my stomach. The gunshot booms ricocheted through the marble room as I shrank down and silently prayed that I hadn’t been seen. 
I could hear footsteps approaching and couldn’t control my panicked breathing. I felt strong arms suddenly grab me from behind and roughly haul me up. Someone yanked my head up and I saw a balaclava clad face inches from mine.

“Shit. Fuck, not this one,” hissed the balaclava in front of me. “Take him to the van.”

“But the safe...” objected the voice of my captor behind me. 

“Just fucking do it, now!” 

I heard the muttered complaints of my assailant as he dragged me across the foyer, through the doors and into the startlingly bright sunlight. I was too confused and terrified to do anything other than allow myself to be carried along. There was a metal banging sound and then I felt myself being thrown into a cool dark space I assumed was a van. My face was pressed against the floor as someone bound my hands behind me, then I heard the doors close and the engine start.
I struggled to flip myself over onto my back as the van started to move. Over the noise of the engine, I could hear voices arguing. 

“This wasn’t the plan, what the hell? Where’s Jack?” shouted a panicked female voice.

“It’s him. The one on the list,” said a male voice.

“Fucking hell, seriously?!” 

“Yes, so are you going to be the one to fuck up Lucy’s list? Cos I’m sure as hell not,” replied the male voice, “Even if I have to leave Jack behind.” 

“Oh fuck man, poor Jack,” sighed the female voice. 

The two voices fell silent as the van continued on its journey. My mind was racing as I tried to figure out what the hell was going on. Lucy, Jack, who were these people? What the fuck had just happened? How had my morning errand dropping off some takings from the shop to the bank taken such a surreal turn? I tried to loosen my wrists but they were tied too tight with some kind of hard plastic that bit into my skin with every wriggle. 
“What is this?! Where am I!?” I shouted over the noise of the engine, but there was no reply. I continued to shout to no avail. I have no idea how long we drove for but after what felt like an age, I felt the van lurch as the brakes slammed on, sending my head crashing into the side of the van. The pain exploded behind my eyes as I sank into darkness. 

The next thing I recall was slowly becoming aware of voices around me and the pain in my head. I opened my eyes and the light blinded me. As I blinked, the figures above me slowly came into focus. I appeared to be lay on a bed, and my hands were no longer bound. A smiling female face hovered above my own and a cool hand smoothed my forehead. 

“There you are Chris, I was worried about you for a moment,” said the woman, in a familiar voice.

“Where am I? What happened?” I muttered in confusion. 

“You’re safe now, sweetheart, you’re with Lucy.”

Lucy. I only knew one Lucy. I tried to raise my head and focus clearly on the woman’s face. It was her. It was Lucy. Older, a little more worn, but definitely the same blue eyes, looking at me with the same affectionate expression I’d loved as a 16 year old boy. I’d not seen her for ten years or more but had thought of her often. 

“What’s going on? Why am I here?” 

“I saved you. I’d always save you. You of all people should know that.”

“But at the bank...those robbers...?” Fuck, I was so confused. 

“You mean my employees,” she said with a wry smile. 

I pushed myself up to a sitting position. Lucy stood beside me, dressed immaculately in a black pinstripe suit. Her black hair, once long and flowing in our teens, had been cut into a sharp angular bob. Her pale, elfin face was punctuated with a slash of bright red lipstick. She looked fucking incredible. Despite my circumstances, I felt a swell of attraction to her, as flashes of teen love memories flitted through my head. 

“It’s been a while, hasn’t it Chris?” 

I looked around - I was in what looked like a plush hotel suite, all decked out in white. Two other people, dressed in medical scrubs hovered by the door. 

“Leave us now,” Lucy commanded. They silently nodded and filed out. 

“Jesus, Lucy, what is this place?” I stammered. 

“Welcome to my office, Chris. I’ve done quite well for myself in the last few years.”

“Your employees...?” I let the question hang in the air. She smiled and walked around to sit on the heavy wooden desk.

“Yes. My teams are the best at what they do.”

“Robbing banks?”

“Among other activities,” she smiled again and shrugged. “I’ve been busy since I last saw you.”

I felt a twinge of guilt and regret at her statement. 

“Fucking hell, Lucy, I always knew you’d do well but some kind of mafia boss? Is that what you are?”

“In a manner of speaking. I don’t associate with the Mafia though. Unless our patches cross.” 

“Why have you brought me here? What’s going to happen to me?”

“Darling, my teams know not to touch you. There’s a list, you see. Working as I do in our area, my employees are bound to come across former associates and acquaintances of mine. I’ve made a new life for myself, I’m an entirely different person, but still, there’s some people I remember fondly.”

“Even me? After...”

“Yes, even you. Especially you.” 

I felt the twinge of guilt became louder as I recalled the last time I’d seen her. 

“Listen, I was just a kid. I didn’t realise what I was doing,” I hope she realised I truly meant it. 

“Thinking with your dick?” She looked at me, her expression hardening. I coughed uncomfortably. 

“I just...she was there, you know? I was drunk and it just happened.”

Her eyebrow raised. “Just happened? What, you tripped and your dick fell in her?” 

I blushed at the memory of drunken teenage fumbling. “I didn’t want to hurt you, I just couldn’t help myself.”

“But with her? My supposed best friend?”

“It wasn’t mean to hurt you, we weren’t thinking straight...” I stuttered trying to justify, explain, reason, anything. She continued to stare at me with a cold, unflinching expression. 

“And was it worth it? Did you both live happily ever after?” 

“Well no, I’ve not seen Emma since either. No one’s seen her for years now, she moved away or something, no one knows where she went...” my speech started to fail as I watched Lucy’s expression change to a twisted smile. Surely she didn’t? My dawning realisation turned to horror, as Lucy laughed a bitter laugh. 

“Lucy, what the fuck happened to Emma? What the fuck did you do?” I struggled to push myself off the bed, but my legs crumpled beneath me. I lay there, stranded helplessly as Lucy slowly stalked towards me. She stared at me like I was prey. 

“Lucy, Jesus fuck, Lucy, we were kids, let me go, I’m so sorry Lucy...” the garbled words fell out of me as I tried to push myself up, but I was too weak. She crouched next to me and kissed me softly on the head. The last thing I heard was the click of the cold metal against my temple.


It was so boring.

Number 201 and it's only 179 with a monotone teller. But at least I'm meeting Bill later, we decided to catch up after these 3 years.

The door opened and a two people jogged in. One sneezed.
"Bless you." I said automatically, barely glancing at them before realising with a start at the proximity of a gun, pointed at me.

"Thank you." I was suddenly held in a painful chokehold, forced to stand up, metal on skin.

As I struggled to breath in the already humid air, the alarms went off.

"HAND OVER THE MONEY!"

"GET DOWN"

"I'M GOING TO SHOOT HER, I'M WARNING YOU!"

Maybe it was the panic. Or the blaring alarms. Or the air. But I just COULDN'T BREATHE. I holsted up her arm and bit down hard on her hand, staggering out of her hold.

She screamed and pointed the gun at me, 

"BITCH," but then she paused. 

"OI BITCH! YOU CALLED AMY LEE?"

How-

"FUCK THIS, JO GET OUTTA HERE!" she screamed, holding her injured hand.

"WHAT?"

"BILLY WILL KILL US." And she sprinted out, followed by Jo, who quickly changed his mind upon seeing my face and cursed.


What. What. 


The alarms kept blaring and then the police and ambulance came. A teary eyed teller asked me if I was alright, holding my hand and escorted me into the arms of two ambulance workers. 

"Shock..."

"There was...gun..."

"Hey...HEY!" I came to in a shock, looking into sympathetic eyes. 

"Are you injured?" I shook my head.

"Alright, here, have a blanket and sit down. Can you tell me your name?"

"It's Amy."

"Alright Amy-"

"AMY!" A man in a dark jacket rushed through the door and hugged me. How did my brother know I was at the bank?

"AMY! Are you alright?" 

"She appears uninjured, just in shock."

"Oh thank goodness." He kept hugged me, patting my head. It's strange, I've never seen my brother in this jacket before.

"Alright I'll leave you then." The ambulance worker said, already looking at other victims.


"How did you know I was here?" He finally lets go and I see an unfamiliar face.

"Because those shitheads said your name over the mic. I'm going to kill those fuckers for hurting you."

-----
I didn't really follow the prompt but oh well, it was fun writing this.


The one day I need the ATM to work without issue is the one day the damn thing ate my card. Forced to go IN the bank and talk to the teller is the worst when you have to say *Your machine ate my card*.

The bank is a small building on the corner, usually it's pretty empty. I *thought* I got lucky with only having one little old lady in front of me. That was until I saw her handful of paperwork while she gave a stare of pure death at the teller serving another man. Only one booth open, and I was expecting a long wait.

As the old lady walked up to the counter, three masked men come bursting through the glass doors. I turn to see them all holding weapons. One shotgun, and two small submachine guns. Instinctively I just threw my hands in the air in sheer terror.

"Every single one of you fucks get on the ground! **Now!**" shouted the man holding the shotgun, while the other two men straight out darted for the teller's booth.

I hit the floor harder then I did falling off my bike in grade school.

My eyes are closed, my face is buried in the floor, and I'm just praying they don't ask me for my wallet because it's emp-

"Oi! Maggot! Give me your fucking wallet before I put a hole in your fucking scon'!" he shouts as I hear him cock the shotgun.

Fuck. FUCK!

I reach slowly around to my back pocket, and begin pulling out my wallet. Before I could reach it forward to give it to the crook, he snatches it out of my hand and opens it. He's pulling everything out like my medicare card, my royalties cards, and my library card.

I hear something hit the ground and I jump. It was heavy from the sounds of it. I was too scared to open my eyes for the sake of it being the guy pointing his shotgun at me. Then I hear him muttering...

"Oh fuck... Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" Over and over and over he's muttering to himself.

"We're fucking dead... She'll fucking shoot us if she finds out we did this..." he says to himself softly. He suddenly drops everything, puts something infront of my face and I hear him backing up.

"Roger, Shane, we need to leave. Now." he says with a quickened panic in his voice.

"Like fuck we do! This stupid cunt is opening the safe! Why are you acting like you have a gun to your head! Stop backing up, grab that shotgun and help us out you dipshit!" shouts one of the crooks from behind the counter.

"No, you don't fucking get it. We need to go, **now!**" he shouts. "Forget the fucking money, drop your fucking gun, and run like it's your last fucking breath because if Taylor finds out what we did to a bank Alan Geoffries was in at the time, we'll all be wearing a pair of concrete shoes in the river before the 6 o'clock news!" His voice has quickened as I open my eyes to my wallet closed and infront of me with all my cards nearly piled up on each other.

"Bullshit. This fucker can't be *THAT* Alan Geoffries! Not a hope in hell!" shouts one of the crooks behind the counter, as he hurls himself back over and grabs my wallet. I shut my eyes again.

Suddenly there's another loud thud, this time right near my head.

"Shane! Get a fucking move on, now! We're leaving! Leave everything here! Fucking run!" shouts the crook next to me as I open my eyes to see my wallet infront of me again, this time next to a submachine gun. I look up and I can see what the crook is wearing clearly. Black ski mask, blue overalls. I can smell piss, and as I focus more, it's coming from the man that was just next to me, as he backed away from me with his hands up.

"We're extremely sorry, Mr. Geoffries. We meant you no harm. Please, if you would be so kind as to not report this to Miss T, we'd be in your debt for life." says the first crook, now standing at the door with his hands up, facing me. I lift my head up more, and the crool that was just beside me now has a large wet spot around his crouch, as he continues to back away towards the door. Did he... Did he just piss himself?

I look around, and just as I turn around I see the last crook leap back over the counter bare handed and sprint for the door.

"Fucking run! Move it! Get the fuck out of here now!" he shots as he pushes through the first two crooks, who take the hit and turn and sprint out the door themselves.

What just happened?

As I look around, the few people that were in the bank were looking at me. The old lady looked like she had her life flash before her eyes, pale and like she had seen something long forgotten. The teller still had his hands up and was looking at me as well, and a girl from behind the counter came out from the back room with her hands still in the air.

*What the fuck just happened?*

After a few minutes the police arrive and secure the area. They begin interviewing people and looking at the camera footage confirm what happened. I told the officer interviewing me what happened and asked him who Miss Taylor was.

"Queen of the underworld. No man, woman or in between has the strength to stand up to her. She's referred to as the Spider Queen. No one knows who she is or how she got her name, but every criminal in any sort of criminal network knows who she is, and the second you ask about her, everyone goes silent. People have admitted to crimes we have no proof they committed, rather then sitting there and speaking a single word about her."

No, it can't be. I went out with a girl called Taylor in highschool, and she was a massive spider fanatic. She loved them more then her own family and owned a King Baboon tarantula, something that was imported from Africa. There is no way that's her... I called her My Little Spider Queen because she was 5'8. No, it can't be.

"Do you know why these crims just turned tail and ran from you? We dug a little bit into your name on the way here and all we can find is reference to a "No Harm List" that's either some tightly kept secret, or that you're involved with them" the sergeant asked, putting his pen and notepad down.

Before I could even reply, another police officer arrived and came straight over to us. This one was wearing what looked to be a more military based uniform. Like a suit, but definitely a police uniform. Kind of like those official ones you see on T.V.

"Sergeant Peters? I'm Commander Alex Kepler. I'm here on orders from Commissioner Davis to take Mr. Geoffries into protective custody as of this moment." he says as he holds out an enclosed envelope stamped "Spider".

"Mr. Geoffries, do you have all your belongings?" asks the commander as he reaches out his hand for a handshake.

"I do, thanks. Can you tell me whats going on?" I ask, responding in kind with his gesture. He guides me towards the door, without saying a word.

I look around as we exit the bank and see a single black car, windows tinted as dark as the night sky. You couldn't see in even if you had halogen lights. The commander opens the door and gestures me into the car. Inside is a man in a suit, black aviator sunglasses, and an ear piece. He turns to me with a look that feels like I'm being digitally scanned.

"Please enter the vehicle, Mr. Geoffries" says the commander. I look to him to see him sweating slightly. I nod, sit down in the car, and the door closes. Without a chance to even put on my seatbelt, the car takes off and I nearly slide along the leather seat into the man I want to call The Terminator.

"What's going on? Who are you?" I ask, frantically stretching the seatbelt over me.

"Miss Taylor wishes to speak to you Mr. Geoffries. It would be rude to ignore her requests" he responds. The tone of his voice almost felt like he was telling me I had no choice.

"Who is this Miss Taylor and what the fuck is going on? That's not the Taylor I think it is, is it? Taylor H-"

"It is best you keep quiet until we arrive, Mr. Geoffries" cutting me off in a different tone this time. I could already tell that was *Don't you say anything else you dumbass*.

The more and more that kept happening, the more and more I kept getting flashbacks about the girl I went out with in Highschool. She was a clutz, but cute. Nothing said fun more then the smile on her face when ever she was excited. There was nothing in this world that phased her.

That smile, though. He face was as smooth as a models and lips as crisp and ripe as cherries. I remember just staring at her for hours when we first got together for coffee and just listening to her go on about her pet spider Frank. I could tell you every little detail she ever mentioned about that spider solely because he enthusiasm about it was so genuine and pure, that every time she spoke, her words would just sink in and ingrain into your memory about it.

I remember her silky black hair. She would spend hours after her shower, making sure her hair would remain straight for the next day. Conditioner, followed by a thorough wash, followed by a cold rinse and then finished with her straightening it and tying it into a natural bun with no hair ties before bed. When she woke up in the morning, she would tug on a bit of hair in her bun, and it would perfectly fall apart and fall down to her shoulders. Without a doubt, it still looked perfect just like she had just washed it. It was so good to watch in the morning.

We fell out of touch after we broke up at the end of highschool. I was still living with my parents and without a job, so when they moved to the countryside, I was forced to go with them. We both agreed that if we were ever to move back to the city, we would get together for coffee again and catch up. Last I heard, she moved to America to pursue a business career a little more then 11 years ago.

Without noticing the car had stopped up outside a large warehouse at the docks just outside the CBD. I started to shake a little bit out of fear as I look back at The Terminator. He looks at me, and gestures the door. I nod softly, and as I reach for the handle, the door is pulled open before me.

"Mr. Geoffries, this way please" gestures the man who opened the door.
_____
*Cont. in second post*


Lily always had a thing for mischief. 

In high school she would hide under that sly smile of hers, watching the innocent get blamed for her carefully planned antics. She was a ghost amidst the currents of students. But, if you were fortunate enough to spot her doodling alone in the corners, you would be hopping from graveyards to haunted houses. 

We fell in stupid love together.

Soon, I became her partner in crime. I still remember Danny Dunning's tears when old teacher Senchal sent him to detention, convinced that it had been him who released the rodent.

It had been twenty years since we broke up. Lily now sat at the other side of the desk. Her relentless beauty had aged like a good scotch; but her silly passion for mischief had turned into a nefarious syndicate of crime -- which she ran.

"Robert! You look terrible," Lily said and smiled. God, that smile.

I smirked, "Coming from you, I take that as a great compliment," I said and chuckled. "So, you are running a crime syndicate now?"

"Yes! Isn't it wonderful? I get to doodle all day and get paid for it. It's just like what we did in high school," she said. "Honestly, you would be surprised how similar it is."

I drew my lips into a line and flinched slightly, she didn't believe her words, didn't she? "You could say such things, but now you have thugs involved, willing to harm people," I said. "That's not quite the same in my opinion."

Lily sputtered and raised an eyebrow. "Do you think me a fool that can't come up with a plan where no one gets hurt?"

I tugged the collar of my shirt and swallowed. "I...I trust your abilities, I've been a part of them. But still, it *is* wrong to rob banks and such."

She sighed deeply. "Listen Rob, we both know why you came here, and we both know it wasn't to pay me a simple visit."

"It wasn't? This is news to me."

Lily slid a bunch of papers across the desk. "Sign them. I missed my partner in crime," she said and smiled her sly smile.

Fuck.

I grabbed the pen.

------------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more stories!


I couldn’t see them through the bag, but I could hear the men beg. It was pointless, but they didn’t know that yet. How could they have known? I have a capture/kill order on me worth “A fucking shitton”, as one of them eloquently explained. I tried to explain that they needed to let me go, but it fell on deaf ears.

Well, I *had* a capture/kill order on me.

The voices got angrier and more desperate. I heard the phrase “crazy bitch”, immediately followed by three gunshots, and the sound of someone spitting and muttering something. I said that exactly one time a few years ago, and I’m lucky I didn’t meet the same fate. She doesn’t take kindly to crazy.

“Nat, you have to quit doing this. Either kill me or let me be, please. This is getting ridiculous”.  
“Oh come on babe, you’re still alive. They didn’t even hurt you, I got here well in time.”  
“Miranda and the kids have to be worried sick. They even broke a rib, come on. How am I going to explain this?”    
“I can’t hear shit you’re saying, hang on.”

Nat lifted the bag off my head and pulled up a chair across from me. She looked….stunning. Something about the leather jumpsuit, and the handgun leisurely held in her left hand resting on her thigh. And the icy blue eyes—crisp, intelligent, and terrifying. They spoke to me when we were kids, and I fell in love with her, harshly and completely. Now, years later and worlds apart, her exterior match what they were saying.

“Actually, hang on again. Lemme untie you too, sorry about that.”

She sheepishly grinned and went behind me. I caught a brief hint of light vanilla, her regular perfume, as she cut the bonds tying my hands and feed. She’d used the same thing since high school; I’m glad some things don’t change.

Nat ran a hand over my chest, “the rib isn’t even broken you puss. You’re bruised at best. You’ve gotta sack up a bit. Finally play a contact sport or something. Don’t they have intramural leagues for people like you?”

“You didn’t have to kill those guys. They didn’t know any better. Hell, I would’ve killed me for that much money. They were just doing their jobs.”

“I have to stop drinking, I’m sorry. You know you’re under my protection, right? Nobody in the whole world can harm you. Nobody in my world can touch you. Those guys touched you. So they died. You’re protected.”

“Yeah, until you get hammered and put a kill order on me after scrolling through Facebook and get reminded that I have your number blocked.”

A flash of anger crossed her tired face. Talk about the Sunday scaries, right? I decided to dial it back a bit. She was probably incredibly hungover, and managed to drag herself out of bed to make sure I didn’t get gutted. I softened my tone a bit.

“Thanks for saving me, again. I’ll unblock the number, that was undeserved.”

She smiled. We both got up, and she hugged me. It hurt the rib a bit, but that was fine.

“You know how I complained about mixed signals? Moving me from protection to kill probably confuses the hell out of people. Glad someone else feels my pain. I mean, those guys don’t really anymore, but you get the point.”

“I’ll get a jet for you home. I’m so sorry about this, this is the last time, I promise. You won’t see me again.”

We broke a bit from the hug, and I could see her face. The ice in her eyes had briefly melted, creating trails down her face. This wasn’t the hug of two people who would never see each other again. It wouldn’t be the last time.

“A jet? Where the hell am I?” I laughed a bit, and it broke the tension. She grinned and wiped her face.

“Just south of the border. Don’t’ worry about customs or anything, I own a few guys. I’ll get you a car too when you land. You can keep the car, and I’ll get a vacation for you and the family. She won’t care too much if you come back with that. I’ll get you some clothes too, honestly you’re covered in blood and look like shit. They might’ve broken your nose a bit. Sorry about that.”  
She looked at her feet.  
“I have things I need to do today, so this is it. This really is the last time. Tell your wife I’m sorry, if it comes to that.”  
We said our goodbyes and hugged again. She sounded more convinced that time.

I hope she wasn’t.


"So mrs Borothone, you were at the bank during the robbery. Is this correct?"  
&nbsp;  
"Yes. I was there, with my ex-husband. We were there because we needed somehow to split our joint bank account after our divorce."  
&nbsp;  
The officer nods. "Is it correct also that while the bank was being robbed and everyone else was getting shot, you were ushured into the back room to.. 'sit it out'? Am I correct in this assumption?"  
&nbsp;  
"Yes."  
&nbsp;  
"Do you know why? Are you connected to the Abonici in any way?"  
&nbsp;  
"I don't know exactly why I was unharmed. And I remember having a girlfriend named Agatha Abonici in highschool."
_____  
The weirdest thing after the small layover at the station was how... civil it was. No "good cop, bad coop", or tied to a chair and spat on. No cuffs, either. Was a rather plesant experince, despite.  
Makes you think.  
_____  
Supprisingly, finding *who* Abonici was was rather different than meeting the syndacite in person. They had a sparse yet easily-traceable digital fingerprint, and acctually finding out *what* Aconici was was the hardest. Turns out they're a crime syndacte, and that cute Aggie was the daughter and heiress - now leader - of it. As a kind gentalman said to me as he pointed out the way to the local dive where they hang out said: 'they've gots morales, see? They don't harm no-one on their do-not-harm list. Nobody gonin' go hurt 'em cause they're got the people, and the honour. Don't get on their bad side, they can (pardon my french miss) fuck you up 100 ways to sunday and no knowing who finds your body'.  
&nbsp;  
I got there, and everybody stood up almost immediently. They knew who I was, despite me not knowing what the fuck was going on. Shocked, I was. A big, shithouse-sized man stood on a table and bellowed: "RIGHT! YOU LOT HERE, WE'VE GOT A HARMLESS HERE. NO BEING SHITTY TO HARMLESS, AND NO MESSIN' ARROUND! ANY LEERS AND PEVERTS WILL BE KICKED OUT! AM I CLEAR?"  
&nbsp;  
A general murmer of *yes Mac* and *yessir* and *alright* went through the men and women here and they went back to their games and drinks. The barman went back to cleaning a glass and stared at me like I had two heads. I tried to avoid the gaze, but I wanted information, and bit the bullet and went up.  
&nbsp;  
He says to me "So. You're a Harmless. What do you want? It's on the house."


I was half way to work by the time I realized I’d forgotten to stop at the bank the day before, looking down at the clock on the dash I thought I’d have just enough time for a quick stop. The bank was on the way, and it’s usually quiet this early in the morning. 

I pulled up into the parking lot, with 10 or so cars it was more full than expected. Oh well, I was here already. 
Grabbing my purse off the passenger seat, I shut my car door, not bothering to lock it, and head into the small brown building.  

There was a man in a blue suit coming out as I was heading in, he held the door for me, and I heard a voice call out to him “make that Vanilla, Mark, not mocha”, I met eyes with this Mark and we smiled briefly, and I continued inside. 

I was surprised to not be greeted by the familiar smell of coffee, every time I came in they always had something brewed for customers to enjoy while they waited. I looked around and saw 2 girls working at the tills, and about 6 customers in the lobby with 3 lined up in queue, I took my spot in line, and wondered if Sam was working. 

Sam was an office manager at this bank, we knew each other briefly from high school, but really started to get to know each other later on. When I started banking here, actually.  I could see into one of the loan managers offices, a young couple was in the middle of an appointment, but their interviewer was a redheaded woman. 

“I can take you here” the girl in the middle till called, bringing me back to reality. With a smile I quickly walked over, “withdrawal please” and I gave her my account information. 

The girl, whose nameplate I noticed said Bridget, completed my transaction. I slid the cash she handed me into my wallet, and was putting that back in my purse, when a loud voice from behind sounded,

“Everybody down on the ground”

I jumped, started, and turned around. Before I had a chance to register what was happening, a large man appeared a few feet ahead of me with a pistol in his hand. 

“I said, on the ground. Everybody complies, no one gets hurt.” 

My heart lurched as realization washed over me, and I dropped to my knees, then fell onto my stomach.  I closed my eyes, not wanting to believe I was really in the middle of this, but after a moment, curiosity got the better of me. Arms crossed under my head, I opened one eye. I could see 3 men, all wearing blue jeans, black hoodies and black ski masks. All armed with some sort of firearm. 

One man had pushed his way into the loan managers office, I could see the young couple on the floor. The redhead was presumably behind her desk. I hadn’t heard any gunshots, so alive, I hoped. 

“I want all of the money in both of your registers, put it in these” it was the first man I’d seen, he was pointing his gun at Bridget, and threw a canvas bag on her counter. Another at the girl next to her, “ no panic buttons. No funny business. Do what I say or I will shoot you”

I could hear both of the girls crying while they scrambled to comply, “where’s the rest of it?”  The man demanded, looking into both of the bags, “I told you I’m not fucking around here!”

Bridget took a deep breath and shakily said “we j-just opened. We don’t start with m-much in the register because not a lot of people come this early. Please don’t hurt us, you don’t have to do this”

“Fucking Christ, well where is your safe? I want this bag full in the next two minutes or she—“ he turned slightly, and pointed his gun directly at my head “— she dies. You want her blood on your hands?!” 

I could feel my chest tighten and it felt hard to breathe. I tried to breathe in and out, slowly. I dealt with anxiety long enough to know a panic attack was going to happen. There’s no breathing exercise that could help me right now though, 

“Sir please do—“
“Safe. Now. Get me the fucking money or this bitch will have her brains all over your floor”
“I can’t! Sir pl—“ 
“ one! “
“I can’t open it” 
“Then you better tell me who can, two!”

I was full on hyperventilating at this point, breathing in and out faster than I thought possible, and crying, choking, I coughed in between sobs, and knew i was going to attract attention, but I couldn’t stop. It felt like I was being chased by a horrible monster and all I could do was lay still. Thoughts flashing through my head of my mom hearing the news. I know it would destroy her, I was her only child. My dad would become withdrawn, that’s how he handled stress, but I know it would kill him too 

“Only the manager can open the safe”
“I’m losing my patience here, who is the manager?!”
“Mark, but he’s not here.. our coffee machine broke, so he went to go buy coffee for the staff”

The man made an irritated noise, and I could tell he was thinking. Luckily he’d pulled his gun away so it wasn’t pointing at me. 
“Slowly get in front of this counter. I want you both on the floor in front” 

The girls ended up laying near me and they were crying, softly. I’d managed to get a hold on my panic which was slightly subsiding. The other man had had the same idea to get all of us together, I could see everyone from in the office also laying in the lobby now. The two men were whispering to each other a few feet away, 
“This is not how we planned it”
“I know that damn it, you think that was my fault?”
“No- but the boss is going to be pissed. We don’t have nearly enough money”
“I have an idea”

“Alright” the shorter second man  yelled “here’s what we are doing. When I tell you, you are going to SLOWLY pull out your wallet and hand to me. If you don’t want to be shot, I’d suggest you do not move until I tell you to”

He started on the other side of the lobby, the redhead. Then the young couple. A few of the other customers, the girls from behind the registers didn’t have wallets with them, and then me. 

“Alright sweetheart, I’m gonna need that wallet now,” this man seemed much more calm than the first, I reached into my purse, grabbed my wallet and slid it on the floor to him. 

He picked it up, and opened it. Took out the cash I’d just withdrawn, $600, he counted. Must have figured it was better than nothing, and he put it into the bag on the counter.  He looked at my wallet, and then at me, “Chelsea Rose Fuller? Well Chelsea, I hope you enjoyed Banking with us today” he laughed cruelly, and dropped my wallet on the floor walking back to the other man who’d been looking around the bank

“What was that name you said a minute ago?” His partner asked
“What? The chick on the ground there?”
“Yeah whatever name you said, Chelsea something?”
“Chelsea rose fuller”
“Fuller.. you’re sure?”
“Yeah, man what’s your prob—“

The bigger man was already halfway to me, and I flinched, 
“Get up. Now!”
Too shocked to move, he grabbed my arm and pulled me up, “What is your name?” He was no longer yelling but it sounded like he was trying to restrain himself

“Umm.. Chelsea?”
“Your full name”
“Chelsea -Rose Fuller”
“Fuck. That’s what I thought”

He pulled out his cell phone, and started typing something. I heard his phone chime and he clicked on something. Turning his phone toward me, he asked “is that you?”

I read on his phone 
Chelsea rose fuller 
Dob: 02/12/1996
 class of 2014
Born Denver, CO
Parents: Dana & Rob Fuller

I gasped and looked at him, shocked. I almost lied but didn’t “yes that’s me, why do you have all that?” 

“Fuck,” he ran his fingers through his hair, “fuck!” 
“Alright, change of plans. First, I need you to know neither of us will hurt you. That you can be sure of. Second, I need you to come with us.” 

Then yelling behind him “D we need to go! Now!” 

He put his hand on my arm, gently, and steered me toward the door.  He said they wouldn’t hurt me but they were still armed. The third man, who must have been in the back room during this exchange, came out with a large bag that looked full, “we’re good guys, I got it” he told the other two, and looked at me, clearly confused, “find yourself a girlfriend J?” He laughed 

“I’ll explain in the car”

I was pulled out of the building and into a black SUV, there was no license plate on it, the small man, J, got in the driver seat and I was pushed between the other two in the back, he peeled out of the parking lot and started heading out of town. 

We drove for what must have been hours, not one of them saying a word to me. I figured if they were going to kill me they would have done it by now, and what was it about my name? How did they have all of this info about me? I hoped my parents were okay. 


***
This has turned out way longer than I thought.  So if y’all want more I’ll type more


I am slowly filling out the forms the bank clerk handed when suddenly six guys in balaclavas burst in an announce a holdup.  They start holding people in small groups, waving their guns around. One of them made a contact with me, his eyes opened wide, his gun aimed at me, i stared him down, now all of them looked at me, and slowly backed away like a pack of raptors when challenged by a T-rex.
I caught a whiff of something, a scent, females robbing the bank?
The leader kept her gun pointed at me, while the other stuff their bags with cash, a confused look evident in her eyes.
Those eyes seem familiar, like i had looked at them many times before.

One of the robbers grabbed her by the shoulder and said let's go then looked at me while running out of bank door.
And in an instant, gone.
All that work casing out this bank ruined.

My phone buzzed and i opened a message.
"You shouldn't have come here Frank. I can't promise to keep you safe forever."
The number's unlisted and probably be burnt, but i know who it is.


Hi. I'm Kayuto Kagama. In high school I was the one who was beat up for money until I stopped bringing it to school. They still beat me up but at least I wasn't losing money. I was the tech nerd back then and still am. In high school there was this girl named Akari who had a crush on me. She kinda stalked me and gave me chocolate every year for valentines. This never got annoying but I was bullied because she was the cutest girl in school and I was the nerd. Oh, I forgot to say that her father was one of the Yakuza higher ups. After high school I got a good job at a tech company in Fukuoka and didn't see her again... until now. 

I was at a bank cashing my paycheck when 8 guys held us at gunpoint. "Let's check and see if anyone here is on the list." Said guy 1. "Why should we do that?" Says guy 5. "We don't want what happened to Kayuga happen to us." Said guy 7. 3 of the guys started going around checking to see if anyone was on the list. When they got to me guy 4 said:"Hey guys. This guy is wanted by Akari, alive. We'd better take him to her." "Me?!" Said I. "Yes you," says guy 6. They finished the robbery while everyone looked at me funny. After finishing and grabbing some coffee from the break room they put a bag over my head and shoved me into a car.

The car ride was about 2 hours long and the seats were quite comfortable. The guys in the car were talking about previous robberies and stuff but I barely listened. We stopped and they took me out of the car. When they took the bag off of my head I saw that I was in a hangar. It was very clean and very white. I then saw a cute girl at a table. "Akari?" I said. "Yup that's me." Said Akari. Let me get something out of the way before I continue. Akari speaks kinda playfully. This may make her seem childish but she really isn't. She ran up to hug me and whispered in  my ear:"I've been waiting for you."

Part 2 coming when I get 10 up votes on this.


There was nothing worse than going to the bank at this time, but for Scarlet there was no other option. As she stood impatiently behind a horde of slowly shuffling zombies she prayed for something interesting to happen to take her mind off of the dull eyes of the staff or the irritating calls of "Can I speak to your manager?" every time the customer's demands weren't met exactly and immediately.

Excitement soon did come in the form of a group of men in ski masks waving assault rifles around without much care for what they were doing.

"EVERYBODY GET DOWN NOW!" The leader commanded and fired a shot at the cieling to emphasise what would happen to anyone foolish enough to resist.

Everyone quickly fell to the floor and Scarlet shook as she got down as well while the robbers went to collect the cash. As they did this Scarlet reached slowly for her phone hoping to call the cops in case the silent alarm had yet to be triggered. Unfortunately she hadn't been so subtle and a gun was now pointing at her.

"DO YOU WANT TO DIE?!" He shouted at her and walked up closer, his finger was on the trigger as he looked into her eyes... and froze.

Then he began to back away, he dropped the gun and it clattered to the ground getting the attention of the others. One by one they turned to see what had him so scared. When they saw Scarlet they froze in fear. 

"Um w-what are you doing?" Scarlet asked confused as they acted as if she was some kind of bomb.

"Look just please tell Mr Harper we didn't mean to bother you!" One guy said before they turned and ran. Right as the police were arriving.

They were arrested and the police escorted the hostages out of the building and began taking care of calming them down. Meanwhile  Scarlet could only think of that name.


Harper...

Mark Harper? Couldn't be. Could it? He had been Scarlet's first love and first heart break when he had to move away. Something had just clicked in a way they hadn't with any other guy. The idea that he could have scared these trigger happy thieves seemed impossible.

But maybe a visit was still in order...


"Jolly good show, my good man," he said, sitting on the right of my shoulder and inhaling deeply from his pipe. "Positively smashing."

I'd been watching Stranger Things for the last couple hours, trying to block them out. 

"What kinda trash is this?" the man on the left of my shoulder chimed, pacing up and down the length of it. "This is just garbage, garbage I tells ya. Barb don't deserve to go like that."

I sighed. I had not been succeeding. 

********

The bank teller peered quizzically at my shoulders, and I tried to smile. "Please, it's best to just try and ignore them," I told her, glancing down briefly and praying that Mike would be able to keep it together. "It's an, errr, *condition*."

"Nice rack on this bird, yaknowwhatI'mtalkin'about?" he said, staring directly at her chest. Charles leaned over to chastise him.

"Now now Mike, what have we told you about manners? Although I dare say, that is certainly a bountiful bosom."

I apologized profusely before security could escort me out. 

****

After much deliberation, the two of them convinced me to go out to the library. This was always a challenging affair, as libraries were made for silence, and regardless, the three of us would need to pick a book that all of us liked to read. No such book existed. 

I - or we - were browsing the aisle, Charles trying to direct me to eighteenth century geopolitics, Mike complaining that there were no porn mags. I whispered for them to be quiet, and in the ensuing silence I heard three women speaking in increasing volume to my right.

The librarian shushed the women, and I heard one of them apologize, then the three continued in hushed voices. Again the librarian told them to be quiet.

I rounded the corner, engrossed in my quest for fiction, and accidentally bumped into one of them.

Well, *all* of them. 

"Watch where you're goin', ya fuckhead!" a tiny voice said while I attempted to pick up the fallen books. 

"Fran, please watch your language, as I think you'll find we are in the company of gentlemen," another tiny voice said, as I - or we - slowly looked up.

A beautiful woman stood before us. Furthermore, two more women stood on *her*. 

"By Gods," Charles said, dropping his pipe. 

"Fuck me," Mike replied. 

"I... I..." I stammered.

"Please, don't mind them," the woman said with a nervous smile. 

I nodded, still speechless. I'd never been able to talk to girls, not with these two on my shoulders. But this...

This could work.

"Take this guy to pound town before I do it myself," the tiny, brash woman on her left chimed. 

"Or perhaps a delicatessen first?" the tiny, posh woman on her right replied.

The librarian shushed us on our way out. 

****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3


*Warning: swearing.*

Mark took a deep breath, then pushed open the door to the bar. He ordered a Greyhound on the rocks and took a moment to survey the room. It was getting crowded, but not yet to that "rub up against multiple strangers just to cross the room" point.

Embers of hope began to glow inside Mark. Maybe this could work. He smiled to himself, surveying the room. A few pool tables, a few dart boards, and...shit, a shuffleboard table. It even looked like it was in decent condition. Maybe he could see if one of the young women drinking what looked like vodka and cranberry juice wanted to -- 

A patron bumped into Mark, and said "Watch it, dingus" without breaking stride. That's when things took a turn.

The face of the small-but-portly man standing on Mark's left shoulder went scarlet with poorly-contained rage. "The FUCK did you just call me? Hey FUCKNUTS, don't walk away from me, I'm talkin to you!"

Mark cringed. Some of the people closest to him were staring now, others were nudging their friends. Still, as long as there was no response from Nigel, things would probably -- 

"The language of the bard. Truly, your words drop as gentle rain from heaven." So much for that idea.

"Shut it, Limey, or I'll rip off your GOD DAMN CRUMPETS and dunk 'em in that SHIT WATER you call tea!"

A wave of silence had washed over the room. A few dozen cell phones seemed to have materialized out of thin air, all of them held aloft and pointed at Mark. 

"Quite."

Mark sighed and began trying to pick his way through the assembled on-lookers. He was muttering, for the hundredth time, a prayer about being able to get out of the room before -- 

"What are you lookin at, big tits? 'Ey, don't get mad at me - get mad at whoever told you you could fit those giant melons in that tube top." 

Mark raced out of the bar, getting home as fast as he could. He pulled a piece of paper off his dresser and brought it to the table. He scanned two-thirds of the way down the page before he found the name of the bar and crossed it out. 

*Maybe tomorrow would be better*, he thought ruefully.
***
/r/ShadowsofClouds

Folks may also enjoy [this story](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShadowsofClouds/search?q=Cyrus&restrict_sr=on) about a guy whose life is being narrated by a British sports commentator.


"Oh dear", said John.

"You fucked up" said Jack

They both nodded. It was the first time they had agreed in three days. Which didn't help me much, since my foot was still broken from the fall, and the big guy was still climbing down the fire escape. Maybe he would be as ungraceful as me when he jumped at the end?

"I wouldn't bet on that sir"

"Not a chance, bro"

"Well, maybe you two dialectic assholes could come up with a plan?"

"Really, there is no nee..."

"Oh, shut up, dude needs a plan, not English lessons"

"Well, I never..."

"Plan."

The steps were getting closer. The big guy was panting. Why didn't he shoot? Maybe no line of sight."

"Well, I see a revolver over there"

"That's a pistol, bro"

"Now who is giving English lessons?" 

I tuned them out. Yes, there was indeed a black pistol lying next to me. Still, while I'm not from Texas, I still figure there is probably more to shooting a gun than the movies made it out to be. Still, it was at least I plan, I started crawling towards it. It hurt like hell.

"You go, sir!" John exclaimed.

"Can you even fire that thing?" Jack inquired.

I put my hand on the handle, it was slick from the puddle it had been lying in. Did that matter? The clanks were close now. The big guy must be near the top.

"Sir, might I suggest that we switch locations?"

"Huh?" I said.

"He means the fatso is going to land on you if he can"

"Oh" I said.

The clanking had stopped. Maybe the big guy was aiming as we spoke. I started rolling. Closer to the wall seemed like a good bet.

"Does the gun have a safety, sir?"

"I don't know... Jack, do y..."

"I'm not from fucking Texas, bro"

Some lumbering was heard. There was a thud. Big guy landed face first and his head exploded like a melon.

"Oh, sweet heavens, I'm covered in gore" John wailed.

"This was a brand new shirt" Jack complained.

I puked.

"Who was that man? He seemed awfully annoyed"

"He said something about money. You owe him money, bro?"

I dropped the gun. It clanked to the ground. I could suddenly feel my legs again. I could hear sirens in the distance.

"Ah, police officers. We shall be safe soon".

"So why is Timothy tripping?"

"Whatever do you mean?"

"Look at him, he is tripping"

"You misunderstand me, I don't understand what tr..."

"Can you two shut the fuck up, for the love of god?" I started crawling towards the alley-way. No disrespect for New York's finest, but I wasn't exactly on their Christmas card list.

"Sir, certainly you are not wanted by the police?"

"Yeah, what the fuck man. I don't want to spend my afterlife watching you get double-teamed in Rikers'."

I continued crawling. 

"And why are you even here, Jack? Where is the small red man with the fork?"

"What do you mean, small red man with a fork? And where is that chick with the cleavage and the white dress?"

"Heaven and hell are not open right now" I said.

They looked at me dumbfounded.

"Whatever do you mean, sir?"

"Yeah, what the fuck man?"

It's a long story I said, as I crawled the last feet two the sidewalk. I slowly managed to hobble myself up alongside a drain pipe.

"Well, perhaps you should tell it sir" John demanded.

"Yeah man, don't leave us hangin" Jack agreed.

"Can you two stop agreeing? It freaks me out. I swear I miss that little smug white-winged sex kitten and the tiny red freak.”

They looked at me with a certain hint of nervousness.

"Sir.. wh"

"Yeah m..."

You're temps, okay? Temps. You're filling in because the good guys and the evil guys have better things to do. Well, or worse... depending on your perspective.

"Temps?"

"That sucks"

"So, unless you have the key to purgatory, shut the fuck up the both of you"

They fell into silence.

"Well..."

"You know"

I looked at them with the same look of a man who is getting told by the wife he hates that she doesn't like him anymore.

"I do have this broken key" John said.

"Yeah, me too" Jack offered.

"Oh, look, they seem to fit together" John observed.

"huh" Jack concluded.

"Well, then", I said as I hobbled onto the street while hailing down a cab. "I might have a use for you after all".

"Glad to be of service sir"

"Oh, shut up you pussy".

"You see", I said as I painfully wrestled myself into the cab. "I need to be neither good nor evil to use that key. And somehow"... I looked at them both "I think you two are perfect to achieve just that".


Sleeping Beauty. What a gig. Honestly, you think a pinprick on a finger and a nice long nap before the person of your dreams comes and makes out with you would be a welcome blessing, but of course Aurora was always a prima-donna about these things right? She didn't have a damn curse, you wanna talk curses? Let me walk you through what used to be an average day in my life.

"Time for breakfast, M"

"Seriously man, it's Mitchell, or Mitch, please stop calling me M"

I wish I could tell you that was me talking to a brother or a friend. No, that was the English gentlemen sitting upon my right shoulder. I wish that was the worst part.

"Why don't you wake the fuck up already guy, you're going to miss the bus, believe me."

Yup. There were two of them. Aurora got to hibernate, I got stuck with literal personified consciouses. What a life.

"Mitchell, seriously, finish with your breakfast, and turn off the television, that's all garbage."

Every time I watched the news that New York big mover big shaker voice came bitching down at me from atop my left shoulder.

"Lighten up, Donnie, far too early for complaining when there's danger afoot, and close."

Great, now James was hitting his stride, and I had just poured my cereal...

"Danger? Please. Maybe over there on your side of the Mitch, but believe me, there's no danger, absolutely no danger whatsoever over here....

But seriously what do you mean?"

"You know exactly what I mean. You've been actively working with the KGB to infiltrate those Lucky Charms, removing all marshmallows and leaving Mitchell with nothing but grains. I've verified this with Interpol as well as my connection in the CIA, Felix Leitter. You're nothing more than a KGB puppet!"

Great. The P word. Now it was about to get real. Donnie bounded across my neck, tackling James, pinning him to the ground.

"Get the hell off me, Yank! Do you expect me to apologize?"

"Wrong.

I expect you to die."


Johnathan, Johnny, and John

It was a cold day in Toronto, Canada. The Hockey game had recently ended, and a single man stood up against the wall in an alley, a hockey shirt with a maple leaf embroidered on it covering his torso as he looked up towards the man in front of him. A ruggish guy with a loose hoodie on, a smirk on his face as he pointed a knife towards the smaller man's neck.

His victim was named John... And John wasn't alone.

On his right shoulder, a young man with a short, but fancy, hairdo, a small, curly moustache, and a Victorian suit adorned with a top hat covering his body, and a monocle over his right eye.

"Have you tried a round of parley? Maybe this man is just looking for someone to converse it!" Johnathan spoke, taking the pipe from his mouth.

"No one gives a damn about your parsley bullshit." Another man spoke from the left shoulder. A greased up pompadour stood up from his head, and he was dressed in a black, studded leather jacket, a white shirt, and some worn jeans. He stood up with a cigarette in his hand as he made a punching motion with his other.

"I say we clocks dis guy and go home already!" Johnny said, giving off a smirk.

"Dear lord, must you always be so brutish?"

"Hey, if you wants to see brutish, you should see my mother-in-law!"

"Oh please, like any lady would waste her precious time with you, of all people."

"SO YOU THINKS YOUR FUNNY, EH? IT WON'T BE SO FUNNY WHEN I POUND YOU INTO NEXT WEE-"

"Guys, please!" John said, his attacker giving a confused expression for a second, his two companions straightening up on his shoulders.

"Just hand over the money, and you won't get hurt. It's simple."

John grit his teeth as his hand slowly reached towards his back pocket.

"WHAT?" Johnny said immediately. "YOU'RE JUST GONNA HANDS YOUR CASH OVER TO THIS PUNK?"

"Indeed." Johnathan nodded. "Though I abhor violence, I'd rather you not hand over our well-earned money."

John shook his head as he took a deep breath. "What other choice do I have?"

"None." The attacker said. "Now hand it over."

"HEY, WE ARE NOT HANDING OVER OUR MONEY. KAPISH? DECKS DIS BOZO SO WE CAN MOVE ON."

"Or at least try to talk him down."

"IT'S JUST A KNIFE. WHERE I COMES FROM, WE DEALS WIT' GUNS. DIS IS NOTHING!"

"Now, now, Johnny. Never underestimate an opponent's capabilities."

"How about I *overestimate* the amount of punches it would take to shuts ya up?"

Fortunately, between their bickering, a bit of luck would come out.

"Hey! What's going on over there?" A guy shouted from the entrance of the alley. All four of them looked over as a man in a Toronto police uniform began approaching the scene.

"Fuck!" John's attacker said as he immediately sprinted away, leaving his victim behind... Alive, thankfully. Instead of chasing after him, the Officer walked up towards John and gave him a pat on the shoulder.

"You alright there?" He said, smiling lightly.

"Yeah... Thanks for the help, eh? Sorry if I caused you any problems." John replied, giving out a hefty sigh.

"Hey, it's my job! You take care of yourself now, and stay away from these alleys."

"Yes, sir." John replied, nodding.

"So you lucksed out." Johnny said, as they walked out of the alley. "That don't mean I can't teach you a few moves for next time!"

"Or at least work on improving his conversational skills." Johnathan replied.

"Hey, good idea! We'll teach him how to intimidate too!"

"That is *not* what I meant!"

...
*About an hour later*

John walked up to a local Tim Hortons, letting out a small sigh. He was still shaken up from nearly getting mugged.

As he opened the door, a girl who was coming out immediately bumped into him.

"Ah, sorry!" John said, and she just gave a small smile as she nodded.

"HEY, LOOK OUT WHERE YOU'RE GOING! WE'RE WALKIN' HERE, YA KNOW!" Johnny shouted from the left shoulder, as Johnathan let out an annoyed sigh and facepalmed.

"You are aware that she can't hear you, right?" He said, looking up towards her as she looked directly towards the two, eyes wide. "...Oh dear."

"L-look. I can explain." John said.

A couple minutes would pass as John sat down in front of her, a coffee in his hand as he slowly took a sip.

"So, uh... Who are you guys?" She spoke, her eyes constantly darting between the three faces.

"Name's Johnny. Johnny Russo, from Brooklyn, New York. Dat ove' der is Johnathan, from Whereverthefuckshire, England."

His companion cleared his throat into his fist. "Downtown London. Sir Johnathan Crawford at your service, pleasure to make your acquaintance." He said, giving a small bow.

"And, uh... I'm John Smith... From here in Toronto. Not nearly as interesting, I know." John said, forcing a chuckle.

She gave a small smile in return. "I'm just Mary. Also from Toronto. So what's up with these two anyways? How'd they get there?"

"Well... It's kind of a long story, eh? Happened aboot 5 years ago. They claimed to be my... previous reincarnations."

"Yes, that is correct." Johnathan said, adjusting his bowtie. "Our soul is quite special indeed. Though how a marvelous gentleman like myself turned into such a hoodlum is beyond my expertise." He said, giving a glance towards Johnny.

"Hey, you're just jealous cause I actually know how to live!" He replied, giving a shrug.

"If your definition of living involves incarceration." He said, rolling his eyes.

"Wait, wait..." Mary said, holding her hands up. "You guys are... past reincarnations? So, how did you die."

"Well..." Johnathan started. "I grew up with a rather well off family from London. But I had the misfortune of being born in a rather complicated time period. I, unfortunately, perished along the borders of France during the early years of the First Great War."

Mary nodded soundly as she looked towards Johnny.

"I got blasted by some punk from a rival gang in da early 60s." He said casually, making a finger guns with his hand and made a small "Pew" sound.

"And, I haven't died." John shrugged. "Not yet anyways."

She chuckled. "You know, you're pretty interesting John. How would you like to meet up this weekend?"

"Wait... Me? I'm like the least interesting person in this conversation."

She shook her head. "I don't think so at all." She said, writing her number down on a small napkin. "The fact you have them at all is pretty interesting to me. I'd like to learn more about you."

"O-oh... And I guess I would like to know how you saw them at all."

"See? We both have a reason to talk to each other!"

The conversation went on a little bit longer before John eventually walked out of the building.

"DAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!" Johnny shouted, throwing his hands in the air. "IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU GOTS INVOLVED IN DIS WHOLE DATING SHEBANG." 

"Yes, jolly good show, mate. I say, we must get you some proper attire! Fear not, my dear John, I shall teach you everything I know about being a gentleman." Johnathan replied from the other side.

"Aww, thanks guys. Time to go home, eh?"

"Yeah, whatevers. Just grab me a hot dog on da way der."

"You are aware that you can't consume it, correct? You are, after all, just a spirit."

"Dat's funny!" Johnny replied. "Last time I checked, so were you! Yet every time we talk you asks for a knuckle sandwich!"

John sighed as the two started going at it on his shoulder. "What a strange life."


My names Ned. There’s really nothing all that interesting about me on the surface. I’m 24, recently moved out of my parents house, now living in a small 1 bedroom apartment, and I work at a big corporate paper company doing sales from a tiny windowless cubicle. I’m not complaining though, in fact this is more or less the life I expected. It’s safe, simple, and easy. 

My extracurricular life isn’t much different to be honest, since I don’t really have many friends. There’s Hank, a quiet bloke who I met a few years back at college. Every Thursday I go over his place after work, and we quietly watch some TV with a few beers and some pizza. And then there’s my 3 year old dog Nacho, named so because when he was a pup, I made a some nachos, went to the bathroom to wash my hands, and came back to an empty plate.

Really I am fine with all of this, or rather I was fine with all of this. I would have been perfectly happy to live out the rest of my life in this particular fashion. At least that’s what I kept telling myself.
But then, there was Maria, and Bob, and Nigel.

Maria. Oh Maria. Why did you have to start working on the other side of my cubicle wall? From the moment I laid eyes on her, everything changed. And I’m not talking about the normal cute crush type of things; Butterflies in the stomach (they were there), the constant need to get up and take a quasi stalker-ish peek (I did), the ‘accidental’ eye contact, and quickly look away motion over at the water cooler (guilty as charged). No I’m talking about something far more bazaar.

The moment my heart fluttered for this woman, the strangest, most annoying, impossible,  potentially psychotic thing happened. 2 small men magically appeared on my shoulders.

You heard me. 2 small, bickering, obnoxious, argumentative, imaginary middles aged men, were now sitting on my fucking shoulders. 

“Yo you gonna hit that or what?” 

I turned around, nobody was there. I went back to my computer screen.

“I said you gonna tap that ass or not?”

“Who said that?!” I whispered loudly, turning around to see nothing.

“Robert, I hardly think that type of language is necessary”

“Shut up Nigel you old fart”

I slowly turned to my right. To my shock, there was a little, overweight man, mid 40’s, sitting on my shoulder, drinking a beer.

“Hi”

I screamed in absolute horror, swatting this monstrosity of my shoulder like a big giant bug. 
My hand only went through it, like a ghost.

Still screaming, the other voice chimed.

“Calm down sir, calm down, there is no point in over reacting”

I look to my left, and see another small man sitting there. This one is dressed to the nines, sporting a tobacco pipe, with a very posh British accent. I swat away at him too.

Nigel: “I’ll say, is this really necessary?”

Ned: “get off, get the fuck off!! Ahhhhh!!!”

Robert: “I don’t think he likes you. I don’t even like you”

I’m still wailing around trying to forcefully brush them both off my shoulders.

Nigel: “Well that’s completely besides the point! Please sir, we are only here to help you.”

Ned: “Get off me Demon MONSTERS!!!” I silently yelled

Robert: “You hear that, he thinks we’re monsters! Yea well go fuck yourself too, you little scrawny bitch!”

Nigel: “You’re not helping Robert! Please sir, nobody can see or hear us except you!”

Ned: “I said GET OFF!! 

I screamed this so loud it caused my co-workers to stand up, and stare at me, confused.

Embarrassed, and wide eyed, I said,

Ned: “Sorry, uh, rude caller”

Everyone cautiously sat back down.

Nigel: “Ned, as I said, nobody can hear or see us. Just you.”

Ned: “I don’t know what the hell you are, but this is Not normal!”

Robert: “No shit kiddo”

Nigel rolled his eyes.

Nigel: “We were sent here for you sir, to help you with your quest.”

Ned: “What quest? What are you talking about?”

Robert: “To Bang that Maria chick”

Nigel: “ROBERT!” He gives Robert a scathing look

Robert shrugs his shoulders and sips his beer.

Nigel: “What he means is, we’re going to help you and Maria fall in love with one another”

Ned: “That’s just, this is just, I mean really! This is ridiculous”

Robert: “Look he’s blushing.”

Ned: “What!??”

Nigel: “It’s true, your cheeks are quite rosy”

Ned: “For the last time, get the hell off of me!”

Robert: “No can do Pal. We’re here to stay”

Nigel: “I’m afraid he’s right. Until we fulfill this quest, you’re stuck with the both of us.”

I sat there perplexed. Could they be real? Is this actually happening, have I gone clinically insane?
Just then Maria popped her head up.

The two men disappeared off my shoulders, grinning as they faded away.

Maria: “Ned right?”

I couldn’t really respond properly. What came out was

Ned: “Eryarr”

Maria: “Are you alright?”

I nodded, transfixed by her amazing eyes.

Maria: “I’ve gotten my fair share of nasty callers too at my old job, so I know it can get frustrating.” She said laughingly

I managed to form words

Ned: “yes sorry, I just got a little caught up in the moment, didn’t mean to frighten you”

Maria: “Oh no it’s ok, you didn’t frighten me.” She smiled. 

Ned: “Well again, I apologize for the outburst, I’m really not like that usually.”

Maria: “I thought it was kind of funny actually. Some times they can be real bastards right? Sort of deserve of it don’t they?”

Ned: “yea, uh, you’re right!” I may have exclaimed a little too enthusiastically.

She however crinkled her nose, and smiled again.

Maria: “Oh I know.”

An awkward pause.

Maria: “Well I better get back to work...cubicle buddy”

Ned: “oh yea, me too. Um cubicle buddy!”

She giggled, and sat back down.

Nigel’s voice popped back in.

Nigel: “You know I thought that went rather nicely.”



To be continued...


"The fuck is with this traffic?!?"
"I say, tis nothing out the ordinary. A shame we were delayed this morning."
"When you gotta go you gotta go, knowhattamean? YO, its called a turn signal! Not a wait for 4 cars to pass you signal.

"Preposterous! It must be Earl gray, or nothing! Check the backstock!"
"Nawh, nuthin it is! Doh'n drink that trash!"
"Fiddlesticks, he's having coffee again."

"Yo, sit by Jamie! Hey, Ja-mie!
"I'm positively famished. No tea, no crumpets! At least there is a delightful sandwhich on the way!
"H-E-R-O loooser! Its a hero! Yo, wrong seat numbnuts, sit by Jamie!"

"Pub!"
"Bar!"
"Pub!"
"Bar!"
"Pub!"
"Bar!"


[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/ghost_write_the_whip/comments/5vgawr/wp_your_spouse_goes_into_the_bathroom_chapter_2/)
***
Malcolm squeezed my hand. We were standing in front of the bathtub, feeling a bit foolish. Well, I was at least. I knew this was all a joke, but for some reason my heart was was hammering like a drum. “Close your eyes babe,” he said.

“Why?” I asked. “I don't want to miss anything. This whole dimension jumping is not exactly something one does every day, after all.” I could see a spider crawling it's way across the bottom of the tub, a dark speck in a sea of cream, zig-zagging its way towards the drain.

“Do you trust me?” 

I looked at my husband. “Would I be standing in a bathroom like this if I didn't?”

“You're humoring me. I get it. But I'm not lying.” One lock of my hair fell out of my tight bun of hair and hung loosely in front of my face. Malcolm reached out and brushed it out of the way so that he could stare me in the face. “Hey, I love you. Now close your eyes.”

I took a deep breath. “Okay.”

He clasped my hand again, and I squeezed it until the knuckles turned white. I felt him slip a small piece of paper into my palm. I looked up at him quizzically, but he was already facing forward at the wall. “On the count of three, then we'll do it.”

“Do what?”

He ignored me. “One. Two. *Three!*”

I shut my eyes and felt a sharp jerk on my hand, and then my navel, and then suddenly the floor was gone and  I was flying. I could feel wind and particles whipping by my face. I wanted to scream, but was afraid if I opened my mouth then something might fly in it. 

There was a second sharp pull at my arm wrenching my sharply in a new angle, and I was thrust away from my husband. I lost all reservations and opened my mouth to scream his name, but nothing came out, the sound of my voice consumed by the void of another dimension. Then I was alone.

My body connected with something hard, and I lost consciousness.


*** 

Seagulls.

I could hear them calling to each other.

It had been ages since Malcolm and I had taken a proper vacation to the ocean. It was good to finally be back, except why was I at the ocean again?

“You alright, miss?”

I opened my eyes, and only saw blurry shapes. The world was fuzzy as if I needed a pair of glasses, but I could make out three distinct colors: the dark navy water of the ocean, the bright cerulean of the sky and the beige expanse of sand stretching for miles in two directions before me. The sun was hot on my skin and sand was sticking in bunches to my elbows. I waited patiently for my mind to unscramble and my bearings to return to me.

It came in pieces: Followed Malcolm into bathroom. Different dimension. New life. Flying. Got separated. Hit a thing. Here now.

“Hello? Miss? You a mute or somethin'?”

I looked up. A girl no older then twelve or thirteen was looking down at me. She had tanned skin and short sandy hair fashioned in a pixie cut. She was offering a hand to me, and it was at that moment that I realized that I was sprawled out on my back.

“I'm okay...I think. Thanks.” I accepted her hand and let her pull me to my feet. My entire body ached, as if I had done a work out at the gym for the first time in months. The girl was strong for her size, and did all the work to get me standing again.

I began to dust sand out of my plaid pajama bottoms. I noticed the girl was staring at me with a  funny look. “What?” I asked, still groggy.

“That's a funny thing you wearin'. You're from the Outside, yeah?”

*If the Outside is a different dimension, then yeah,* I thought.

“Something like that.” I looked around. Out past a horizon of dunes, I could see a row of thatched, red roofs, a patchwork plain of mismatched and uneven tiles. It appeared to be some type of shanty fishing town. There were fishing lines dotting the shoreline, propped up in the sand, all facing the sea.

“You must have come for the funeral then. Lot's of Outsiders will be sailing in the next few days. Guess you must have shipwrecked huh?”

My head was still pounding and I only understood half of what the girl was saying. “Funeral? No. I'm looking for a man. Name is Malcolm Reynolds. Apparently he's lived...uh...here for about 1000 years. You heard of him?”

The girl shook her head and kicked at the sand. “Don't know anyone by that name. It's a big world miss.” She took a step closer and peered a bit closer in to my hears. “We should get you to a doctor. We only got herbalists in the fishing village, so if you want a real one you have to head into the city.”

I shook my head. “I can do that later, after I find my husband.”

She shrugged. “Suit yourself. You said he lived here a thousand years, yeah? Well anyone that lives that long would have to have a record in the city library.” She began to walk over to the fishing lines by the sea to check them. “I'm heading up that way for the funeral, you can join me if you like.”

It wasn't like I had any better ideas. I looked in both directions as far as I could, craning my neck as I did so. No sign of Malcolm anywhere. “Okay,” I said. I held out my hand again. “I'm Jill, by the way.”

She clasped in with bony fingers. “Pleasure to meet you, Ms. Jill the Outsider. I'm Ko'sa.” She pointed back towards the village. “Let's head back to my cottage. We can stop and get provisions before we head into the capital. If we leave now we can get in before the lines at the city gates get too long.”

I nodded. “Must be quite a funeral."

“You could say that.” Ko'sa grinned. “It's a funeral for the queen, after all.”

*The queen? Guess even alternate dimensions are ruled by royalty,*  I thought.

“She was a good queen then?”

Ko'sa bowed her head. “Yeah. She'll be missed, at least by most of us. Some of us... wonder about her death. Whether it was really natural or not. The Queen and the King were an arranged marriage you see, didn't exactly fancy each other. Some say he had it in for her, loved another.”

As Ko'sa prattled on about the royal family, I realized there was something pressed against my left palm, now slick with sweat. I opened my hand to reveal a note. The same note that Malcolm had thrust into my hand back in the bathroom. 

It was tiny and rolled up neatly, like a scroll. With fingers that were slightly trembling, I unrolled the tiny piece of parchment and read the words in my husband's hand writing.

> If you ever need to find me, just ask for the King ;)


***
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/ghost_write_the_whip/comments/5vgawr/wp_your_spouse_goes_into_the_bathroom_chapter_2/)

* * * 
/r/ghost_write_the_whip


The trees were huge, comically huge, video-game huge. They sprouted from beneath the clouds under them and 
blossomed in huge umbrellas of green, yellow and red leaves over their heads, casting cobweb shadows on the sunlit path under their feet.

Henry walked carefully. There were no railings on the edge of the path – just the fall, the endless fall that 
disappeared in the thick clouds below.

"If you fall, you don't die," Amy said, with a smile back at him. "The clouds hold you, like pillows."

It was something out of a fairy tale. The pink sky. The grass and gravel path that snaked through the giant trees, 
suspended mid-air like a street lane held up by magic. The smell of honeysuckle and roses and rain in the air, the bird chirping. Everything all almost a caricature of perfection.

"Here," Amy said, and she made a sharp turn with the path and soon they were climbing down ancient-looking 
stone steps coated in vine and dry leaves, the faint sound of a waterfall reaching them from somewhere out of 
sight down under.

"Careful, don't slip," Amy said, and she took Henry's hand and he followed her. "Over here."

The wide open space with the giant trees gave way to a more enclosed environment, with smaller but denser trees surrounding the stone wall they were climbing down. Soon they climbed straight down through the thick white clouds and reached the ground and Henry realized they were in a forest. A lush forest of green and brown. The smell of wet dirt and fresh wood invaded his nostrils, and he followed Amy to a little path on the ground that snaked towards a house in a clearing, a wooden house with a chimney coughing up smoke like some drawing in a children's book, some feverish fairy tale dreamland come to life in front of his eyes.

"It's…"

"Unbelievable," Amy completed. "That's what I thought when I first saw it too."

They stopped in front of the porch. Henry looked around, then down.

"We can have kids here," Amy said. "There's time and space to have kids here. To grow old and raise them and be 
happy. Forever."

"Amy…" Henry climbed the steps and sat on the suspended bench on the porch. Amy followed. "I don't know."

"What don't you know? This is literally magic, Henry. We can live forever here."

"Yeah, but… do you want to?"

Amy laughed. "Henry, who *doesn't* want to live forever? I mean, I get not wanting it in that shithole that we call real life, but here?" She motioned around her, encompassing with her hands the whole idyllic scenery surrounding them. "It's perfection. Forever."

"People were meant to die one day, Amy. People weren't meant to live for pleasure forever, we're not… orgasm 
buttons."

"Henry," She knelt in front of him and took his hand on hers. "People were not *meant* to anything. We are 
accidents. We weren't even supposed to be sentient, we're like… an abortion of nature. Our self-awareness is an accident, a side effect. We shouldn't know we exist. But we do. We know we are alive and we know we must die and this place… this place takes all of that back. We live forever here. We are *happy* forever here. The scenery, it's always changing, there's giant futuristic cities, there's ancient medieval castles, there's magic forests, interesting people, all new, new, new, never a boring day, and forever! It's everything a person could ever want."

"It's not… natural," Henry said. "It's not… what's *meant* to happen."

"Henry, what is meant to happen is you and I and every other human being ever will die and then the universe will 
die too and it will be like nothing ever existed!" Amy was getting angry now. Even the pink sky and the golden 
sunlight around and behind her seemed to be gathering an ominous hue, like mirroring her emotions. "What is 
*meant* to happen is the source of all human suffering. We are insignificant outside of this place! We are absurd!"

"Maybe we're meant to be insignificant."

"STOP SAYING MEANT LIKE ANYTHING IS 'MEANT' TO HAPPEN. IT'S A MADE UP WORD." She calmed herself. She 
put her hand to her heart and breathed deep. "Nothing is *meant*. There is no order in the universe save for the one you put there with your own eyes. There is only chaos, Henry, chaos and forgetfulness once everything blows away and dies. Is this what you want? For our love to have meant nothing? Our life? Because when we're both gone, that's what it's going to be like. Nothingness."

Henry didn't say anything. He was crying, but he didn't say anything.

"I love us," Amy said, taking his hand again. "I want us to last forever. I don't want our love limited by the 
indifference of the universe that bred it in the first place." She sniffed her tears too. "I want you and I… for longer 
than reality permits. And this is how we do it. This place. Whatever it is. Real or not. Insanity or not. It's here. It's 
forever. And I want to share it with you."

Henry looked down. Then he looked up, and the sky was gray now, and a soft rain was trickling down between the 
leaves of the wall of trees behind and around the house. 

"I'm sorry, Amy," he said. "I'm sorry, I can't."

She got up. She stepped back. "I'm staying," she said. "I'm not leaving here."

Henry nodded. "Okay." 

How could he blame her? She was the one who was dying. She was the one with months to live, in the real world. He thought she was wrong, but how could he judge her from his position? From his place in life, his healthy body, his healthy mind. Deep down he'd like to think he'd be different, but would he? Didn't he too, like everyone, harbor the illusion that he would live forever? Didn't he make plans and live his life like he wasn't going to die one day, despite his 'logical' mind knowing it fully well? Didn't he too bury this truth? This truth that Amy had to dig up from the ground and stare at, that morning the doctor gave her the news?

No, he couldn't judge. He could disagree, but not judge.

He got up and started for the path, then he turned back. She was crying, her arms dangling by her body, 
powerless, weak, fragile.

"Why do you have so much love for this universe that brings you nothing but pain?" she said. "This reality that doesn't love you enough to even let you in on itself and its truths. That's not even honest with you. This world that keeps you in the dark and then kills you -- is that the world you love?" She cried harder, then she stopped. "Is it worthy of it?"

Henry shook his head. "It's the only world I've ever known," he said. "And it was good enough for my fathers before me."

He climbed the stone steps alone, and alone he made way back through the giant trees under the now pouring 
rain and the heavy skies, and then he crossed and emerged back into their house, alone now.

The portal closed behind his back and she disappeared – her and her memory together. Her parents, their friends, 
no one remembered her anymore after that, just like she said it would happen. Those were the rules. That was the price you paid for that perfect universe -- no coming back, no footprints left in reality. She disappeared from his reality completely. 

And Henry carried on without her for sixty-two years, and when he died, it rained for the second time over her 
house in the woods in her lonely, perfect world, but she didn't know why.


_____

/r/psycho_alpaca


Paisley carpet was the reason we got married. It’s just so elegant yet underappreciated. We met in warehouse full of carpet squares—I’d started from the West entrance, and she from the East, and we gradually worked our way to the center. We each grabbed the perfect Lurina Paisley Wool Tufted Carpet Square at the same time.

We looked at each other for the first time and laughed—a laugh that turned nervous as we realized the other would not let go of the damn carpet square. Neither of us let go. It lasted a period of time. First an employee in a little blue vest with a nametag came over, then a manager in a little yellow vest, and then a security guard with epaulets asked us to leave, and then a police officer with a leather, accessory-laden belt repeated the request, as it was ten o’clock at night and the store had closed three hours ago.

We walked out of Bob’s Carpet Emporium together, our eyes locked together, our stride locked together, (but not yet our lips), as if in the midst of an aggressive and beautiful tango routine.

There was nothing to be done. We each wanted that carpet square and neither of us would let go. We moved in together so that we could both enjoy the physical possession of the carpet square, and got married so that we would both have legal title to the prize. Everything was copacetic. 

Her name was Helen by the way. One day we sat in our matching purple suede La-z-boy recliners, sipping 64oz containers of Mountain Dew Baja Blast and eating authentic Mexican churros from the food truck guy who always parks by the corner between the public swimming pool and the public library, when Helen said something to me.

She said, “Nature calls.”

She did an exeunt went to the restroom. Approximately 15 seconds passed. To give you a feeling of what fifteen seconds feels like, I will spend about 15 seconds describing what I look like, so you can imagine the scene. I am beautiful, tall, and tan.

Helen came back from the restroom, and something looked different about her. While before she had been a nondescript woman, now she appeared more like a transdimensional purple Succubus with flames for hair and an irrationally large chest.

“The legion has need of your command,” she hissed at me, “Immediately.”

I slurped my 64oz container of Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Sometimes Helen asked me to do things around the house, like repairing the garage door, cleaning up the dog poop, or dutifully participating in conception. I always tell her that she can tell me what to do before nine p.m. but after that I take off my rubber-sole New-Balance shoes and it’s no more work for me.

I made an exaggerated motion to look at my watch. This Helen… she knew full well it was 8:57p.m., how dare she ask me something right then?

“Come with me,” Helen the transdimensional succubus said, “I have dwelt in the land of gods and dragons, among the auras of living light, fed by song and prayer as my mind navigated the endless sea of a finite being’s meditation—I emerge a thousand lives lived, eternally in love with naught but you. Join me and voyage across the dark galaxies that our love might light the fires of fields of suns to shine upon great earths so longingly flung!”

Her finger peeled back a shimmering portal to the broader dimensionary spectrum. She lovingly grasped my hand and led me towards the indescribable. At the last second, I tore my hand free and kicked her in the butt to push her through the portal. It closed behind her.

Finally got that carpet to myself!


It had already been a long, frustrating day when Alice poured out her story, eyes shining bright as she tried to tug him into the bathroom. She was pointing at the wall, where a picture hung that they'd picked up at a garage sale a few weeks ago. They'd laughed about it, a rather tacky oil painting of scattered stars. 

"You touch it with the intention of travelling there, and I swear to you, we'll wake up in another dimension. I know it sounds crazy, David, but I've been there for a millennium. You don't really *age* there," she said. "You can live for centuries. It's like Earth, if everything were perfect, you know? And we can have a life there, we really can -"

He pulled his hand free, the pointless anger that had gnawed at him all day finding its outlet. "This isn't funny. I know I've been struggling with the book, but making up some fantasy bullshit story isn't the way to make me feel better, alright?"

She looked like he had slapped her, eyes wide and bewildered.

"Oh, the writing," she said slowly. "God, it's been so long, I forgot. A sci-fi novel, wasn't it? Okay, but you can publish your book there. They'll love it, I know they will. Please, David, just give it a chance? It's a perfect life, I made sure of that before coming back. It's *our* perfect life, waiting for us. You wouldn't believe the technology they have available there, for a start. I can't explain it all, you'll have to come see."

He felt his stomach drop - so this was her way of telling him she wanted out. Life wasn't perfect, he knew that. They had unpaid bills and the rejection letters for his novel was becoming an embarrassingly tall pile. But why couldn't she just talk about it like a normal person, instead of wrapping her resentment in this fable? Alice had a vivid imagination, one that surpassed his own, most of the time - it's why he'd married her. But this was taking it too far.

"I'm going out," he snapped, brushing off the placating hand she laid on his shoulder. "Don't get lost in that other dimension you're so fond of while I'm gone, alright?"

Her eyes were bright with tears as he turned and walked out. "Maybe I will. Don't expect me to be waiting for you when you finally arrive."

He walked for fifteen minutes, the anger in him gradually fading as he took deep breaths of the chill night air. He had overreacted, as usual. When he returned, calling Alice's name, she was gone. Probably went to her sister for comfort, who lived a few streets down from them. David found himself approaching the picture in the bathroom despite himself, tracing a finger down the paint. Alternate dimensions, of all things. 

He sighed and leaned against the wall, guilt rising in him as he saw again the flash of hurt in Alice's eyes. She'd only been trying to make him feel better, in her own strange way, he should get a grip on his temper. It was a nice thought, living in a world where there would be no disappointment, where they could live forever. It was - 

He sank to his knees as a wave of nausea overwhelmed him, and his vision narrowed to a black tunnel. He closed his eyes, struggling not to vomit. When he opened them again, he was crouched on a sleek tiled floor. A uniformed man was steadying him, wearing a small, welcoming smile.

"Greetings, traveler. My name is Jacques Sol, I'm glad to welcome you to our plane," he said. "Name and dimension?"

Somehow, he answered the question automatically. "David Hanson."

"Dimension?" the man prompted him.

"I - I'm from Earth," he said. 

"That's not exactly what I mean. Your first time travelling between dimensions?" Jacques chuckled as he pulled a device from his pocket and quickly typed something into it. "Let me check your name, that should help this along...."

He frowned suddenly, as David scraped his wits together to ask another question. "Where's my wife? Alice? Alice Hanson? She said she'd been here for a long time...a really long time, I think."

"Yes. One of our permanent residents, and she left specific instructions regarding you," Jacques said politely, shutting off the device and glancing up to meet David's gaze. "It's been too long, Mr Hanson. Sixty millennia, to be exact. A long time to keep a woman waiting. However, you will be glad to know your wife entered you into our Memory Utility Stimulation Extreme program, to be executed if you should ever arrive. Looks like it's your lucky day - not many get to participate in this exclusive program! Congratulations!"

"A program?" he managed to say, one of the thousand question that crowded his mind. Jacques gave another polished smile.

"Just know that MUSE has worked out well for a number of visitors from your plane. Normally, you would recall nothing of this visit upon your return to your home dimension. But *you'll* be guaranteed happiness to make up for your loss."

"Loss?" David had time to ask, as Jacques crouched down and pressed something against his temple. A cool, slim piece of metal.

"Don't worry, you won't remember that part anyway, with any luck," Jacques whispered, as he closed his eyes, the world swimming out of focus. "You'll be home soon, Mr Hanson."

-----------------

David sat up with a groan, trembling on the bathroom floor. How much had he drank? He couldn't remember. He couldn't remember anything except the dream, its vivid details etched into his mind and demanding to be written down. He grinned and struggled to his feet, feeling a soaring lift to his mood despite the sick feeling in his stomach.

He had an idea. Alternate dimensions, lovers separated by space and time - it was good stuff. He needed to get started immediately.

He looked back once at the blank bathroom wall and walked to his office, his footsteps echoing in the empty house, dismissing the nagging feeling that something was missing. Something vital. 

Ridiculous. He had blank pages that could be filled, and that was all that mattered, wasn't it?

-----------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.


"Touchdown!" exclaimed my wife Cindy.  From the corner of my eyes, I saw that she glanced over in my direction to look for my approval.

"We're watching basketball," I sighed.  

Undeterred from her failure, she replied, "I know, just testing you."  She returned her attention to the TV and eagerly awaited for another basket to be made by any team. She doesn't know which is which but she just knows that I'm rooting for the "blue guys".  Sure enough, one of the blue guys made a jumpshot.  Without hesitation, Cindy pounced on top of me and yells, "GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!!!!"

I smacked my palm to my face while shaking my head, but my mouth betrayed me as it curled up into a smile.  Out of nowhere, a deafening fart erupted and drowned out the sound of the game.  Shell shocked, I was unable to react.

"Spot...!! That's nasty!" exclaimed Cindy.

"Spot is upstairs!  Get your nasty ass off me!" I laughed in disgust as I pushed my wife off of me.

"How dare you blame me," said Cindy with a smirk.  "On an unrelated note, be right back, I have to use the bathroom."  Cindy vaulted off the couch and scurried to the bathroom.  Finally, I could watch the game in peace.  Fifteen seconds left on the clock, my team was down by two, and we had the ball.  Our star player brings it down the court.  Ten seconds left.  He gets double teamed and picks up his dribble.  Seven seconds.  He manages to pass it to his teammate while being smothered by the defense.  Five seconds left.  He frees himself from the double team, runs to an open spot, and demands the ball back.  Three seconds.  He gets the ball, and heaves up an off balance shot from the three point line.  The buzzer sounds.  And the shot is...

"BABY!" screeched Cindy.  Her outburst made me tear my eyes away from the game before I could catch what happened.  As I was about to yell at Cindy, she tackled me and nearly crushed my ribs with a hug.  She had tears streaming down her face.

"Baby..? What.. what happened in there? See this is why I told you not to eat the leftover burrito that's been sitting out since last week."

"No, it's not that! You'll never believe what happened!" 

"What was it?" I asked.

"The bathroom... I went in and I didn't see a bathroom!"

"What did you see then?" 

"A new world!  But instead of people everyone was puppets!"  My concern immediately vanished, and instead I felt embarrassed to have fell for another one of my wife's stupid jokes.  

"Ha ha okay you got me.  Very funny," I said.  "You need to cut that out though, you made me miss the end of the game. Next time you do that, I'll fart in your face."  With a surprising amount of force, Cindy grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me.

"I'm not joking!  I've been gone for years!  I finally found a way back thanks to some puppet scientists, but the wormhole they created is going to disappear in one minute!"

"You always keep your jokes going for too long, dumbass.  It wasn't even funny at all in the first place!"  I laughed.

"NO! LISTEN!  They love me there!  I'm like a celebrity!  They gave me everything I could ever want!  A puppet mansion!  Puppet luxury cars!  Puppet court side tickets to watch puppet basketball!"

"Cool."  I turned back to the TV.

"Please!  I know you don't believe me, but come with me to the bathroom!  We can live like royalty there!  Please, the wormhole is closing!"  My concern slowly crept back into me.  I had never seen Cindy act like this before.  The panic, the hysteria.  Maybe... maybe she's not lying?  

"Come on!" yelled Cindy as she grabbed my hands.  I don't know what came over me, but I started to believe her.  I shot up from the couch, and ran with her to the bathroom.  

"We only have a few more seconds left!  Go!" yelled Cindy.  My heart was racing as we neared the bathroom door.  I reached for the door knob, turned it, and ran into the darkness.  I was not sure what was in store for me, but I was excited to live in this new, strange world with my wife.  I heard the door slam behind me, and my nostrils were overwhelmed with a foul, rancid smell.  

"You are probably the biggest idiot I have ever met in my life" said Cindy from the other side of the door.  I turned on the lights and was surprised see our bathroom.  Looking down at the toilet, I saw a brown, unflushed swamp.  

"Cindy, you fucker, let me out!"  I tried opening the door, but Cindy was pushing back with all her might.

"Enjoy my present!"  yelled Cindy. "And as they say in basketball, I just hit a home run on you!"


The musky smell of sweat covered him as he pulled me into the bathroom.  I had never seen his eyes so filled with life in the eons that had passed.     

"It's right there honey, come follow me." He pointed at the mirror. I decided to take the bait, wondering what prank awaited me this time.  He touched the mirror, and to my surprise his hand dipped through. He started to walk through it holding my hand.  I let out a scream. Either he was serious for once or the budget for his prank would ruin us financially.     

I opened my eyes to a new world, clean water shimmered down fertile banks with birds breaking out in heavenly song as a yellow sphere of gas warmed us. Fauna: lush, robust and vibrant walked the grounds in hues I had never thought possible in life.     

I turned to him shocked. "You did all of this?"  

He was almost bursting with pride. "Yes I did, and there's more." He held my hands, and guided me to the East. In the distance I saw structures, similar to what we had.  There was a city. It's inhabitants were exactly like us. They filled their cities with our images and when I closed my eyes, I heard it: Prayer. The beautiful dedication and supplication that fueled me, and it came in an ocean strengthening me, making me soar higher and higher until I radiated with the life force that oozed as sparks in the air.  

"How did you?" 

"I just found it here and got to work." he said. He took me to my temple where my pre-made throne of silver sat. Then he vanished to our home to gather the rest of our things.     

It must have been months of madness before the first loose string appeared.  In the month of harvest a barn was set on fire. At first we thought it petty rivalry, but then a circle with 4 lines etched across made us think otherwise. It was a group. A group with a symbol, was a group with a belief.    

I was promised it would be taken care of, and sure enough it never happened again. Until it did. 5 months later a building in the city was set on fire. This time he wasn't there, the reports came to me.  

"Who is this?" I inquired. The answers did not come as I wanted, so I waited until night to conduct my own search. I floated through the city streets, through the outskirts, finally, in a back alley at the limits of the city wall I found it. A door with the same circle etched on it. It was so faint many would have missed it, but for me it glowed with belief of those inside. I didn't materialize, instead waited until the people inside would walk out.  

It was almost dawn when the first figures walked away. Some shifted their gaze around making sure they weren't seen as they walked their way home. Something about them looked odd, I couldn't pinpoint it, maybe it was their noses or eyebrows. They didn't belong.    

I followed one to his home, a small hut in the outskirts.  Materializing in his home I nearly killed him with fright when he saw me appear.    

"Who are you?"    

"Oh my Great Realis!" He scampered around looking for something. Probably a blade. I pinned him to the ground, and raised a stick to his eye.  

"Who do you worship?"  I asked.    

"I follow Revi," he said bravely.  I could sense his resolve. He followed Revi with all his heart. It had been a long time since Revi was mentioned in the celestial circles.  

"Why would you follow Revi? Have we not provided you with everything?" If the god was trying to create a name here after all our work, he would have another thing coming.     

"You? You left us to die, killed us, called it a cleansing so that you could take everything that Revi had done."     

It was my turn to be confused. "Revi? You believe Revi did this 1000 years ago?"  

"No 2000 years ago before you came along and took everything, I am not afraid to die, I will finally see my maker."    

I decided to let go of him. He stood up, adjusted his collar and gave me a defiant look.  

"So what do you believe happened?"  

"Not believe, know." 

"How can you know?"  

"because we have the truth, from the old books that we hid."  For a minute man and god stared at each other.  

"Show me."  I said.  

"What?"    

"I said show me."    

"What is there to show? How can you not know? Are you not Realis?"    

"I do not know tell me."     

He started to dig beneath his bed.  "Revi made this world, but other gods, jealous of his work they stole this world of his and try to destroy everything. Only a few of us survive. Only a few of us know."  He produced tattered parchment but even I could see the glow of the supernatural that held it together. It is written in our text. The true text of history, and the true story of this world and us, how we had our parents and older siblings killed to be adopted by barren assassins.    

One look at the page and I disappeared from his site. I'd need more than a warm heart to argue with the image on it. It showed Revi in a fight with my husband and afterwards the destruction that the god of water had brought.    

I'd wait for my husband. Noah had a lot of explaining to do.  
   

***
/r/pagefighter


"Gonna take a quick shower then hop back in bed, won't be more than 10 minutes I promise!"

 Amber rose from the mattress throwing off the sheets and wrapping herself in a towel as she made her way down the hall too the bathroom.

 "Don't know if I can wait that long, better make it five."

She turned around with a slight grin "You're cute." She said half-heartedly closing the door behind her. 

I checked my phone. 8 AM is too early to be up on a Saturday but not for Amber. She's got me into this whole get the most out of your day thing. Wake up, have breakfast, go for a quick run. I don't particularly mind it, in fact I've gotten used to it by now but I guess it was high time for a stay in bed and do nothing kinda day. 

"She'll be awhile"

She always says 10 minutes but by the time she does her hair and brushes her teeth and whatever else women do in the morning we're getting close to 25 and thats being generous. I decided to close my eyes and be with my thoughts for a few minutes, maybe get in a quick post-sleep nap. I could hear the water turn on but the sound of our squeaky shower head was interrupted by a loud crash erupting from the bathroom.

 "Amber? You alright in there?" I called out towards the hallway. The door whipped open quickly and an out of breath Amber emerged, hunched over, her arm extended out towards me. I sprang from the bed catching her as she fell. Her face was cut and her body bruised and dirty.

"Amber what happened? Are you alright?" I asked, embracing her limp body. 

"It worked, I can't believe it worked!" she gasped choking on her breath as tears begun to stream down her face. 

"What are you talking about, all you did was turn the water on." 

"How long has it been? How long ago did I go into the bathroom?"

"Like less than a minute. You're beginning to freak me out. What is going on?"

"I... you need to see for yourself I can't explain it to you. Oh my god I can't believe I made it back. And you... less than a minute. I missed you, I thought I would never be able to get back to you. It's been so long." 

She reached out grabbing my face pulling me in to kiss me as if I had been gone for months. 

"I'm sorry but you aren't making any sense, I just saw you, remember? You said you were gonna shower and the-"

"I never made it into the shower Adrian, you need to come with me, something happened when i turned it on I saw a loose tile on the wall, I reached out to fix it and then suddenly I'm not in the bathroom anymore." 

"Have you lost your mind? That doesn't make any sense. People don't just disappear. Do I need to take you to the hospital or something? Did you fall?"

"Adrian I went somewhere. I wound up in this place, I can't really explain it right now but you need to trust me. I was gone for a very long time. You need to come with me, please you need to see this. I will explain everything to you I promise"

She grabbed my hand pulling me in through the door. The shower was still running but she was right. There was an out of place tile on the wall and something was just not right about its appearance. It just didn't look like it belonged with the rest of the bathroom. It had a slightly translucent look to it. 

"Follow me ok, this should take us to the same place I got in."

"What place?! Can you just tell me what is going on already?"

"Adrian we don't have time for that just trust me! Please! I promise I'll explain."

"bu-"

"Just shut up and come with me."

Amber reached out to touch the strange tile and just like that she was gone. The squeaky faucet of the shower cut through the silence and I was left alone. I had no choice but to follow her it seemed and so holding my breath I touched the tile.


“Babe seriously, I went into another world! Like, I flushed the toilet and suddenly wham, these weird space time Gods told me I was the next chosen one and I suddenly got these powers? And apparently I have to defeat the next Evil that’s going to attack Other Earth.”

“Right, one question though,” I smiled, wondering whether my husband was having heat stroke after his football game with 'The Bros', “Were you doing a number one or two when you went into the toilet? I don’t imagine it would have been pleasant either way but pee seems like the better option in this.”

“Babe!” He whined, “I’m serious okay like, the space time Gods were literally about to whisk me to my mission but I told them that I had you and that if you weren’t with me that I wouldn’t even think of helping them. Even if they gave me the jazzy cool superpowers.”

I blushed, even though the entire situation was honestly bordering on insane it was pretty cute that he’d think of me in such a disorienting albeit unrealistic situation. I still pretty much thought it was just a hallucination on his part though. 

“So when I told them about you they were all like, sure! The both of you will get your own mansion and enough riches and food to last a lifetime. Also, whenever we needed to we could travel back to this Earth and visit our friends and family. They even showed me the mansion and the riches,” he stretched out his arms widely, “It was like this big and this much money babe!” 

I couldn’t help but laugh a bit. To be honest, our life was going rough especially since he had recently been “regretfully” retrenched (courtesy of the higher up’s choice of words) from his job of five years. A friend of his who still had a job with the company said they immediately hired someone for my husband’s job but paid the newbie considerably less. They could have honestly given him a heads up so he could have found another job before firing him.

I wondered whether this extravagant story was how he wanted to cheer us up a little and I smiled, “Fine okay, if this place really exists and I do agree on going, how are we going to get there again?”

He grinned, “The same way I did of course!” An unpleasant feeling had told me that that was probably how he was going to answer and I simply rolled my eyes as he dragged me to the toilet. 

“Seriously, were you doing a number one or two — I need to know, if we’re going through the toi-“ He quickly cut me off, giving me a peck on the forehead and saying, “See you on the other side, honey.” 

Before I could protest, he pressed the flush button. For a moment, I was just sat there and just as I was about to rub it in his face I felt the toilet seat under me shaking and then, a loud whoosh. Suddenly I was travelling through blindingly white and empty space, feeling a strong pull carrying me downwards.

“Fuck!” I cursed as I landed right on my ass. I tentatively stood up, rubbing my butt. I looked around, it seemed that I landed right in the middle of four threateningly high thrones, the figures sat on them hidden in shadow. 

“Fuck?” I accidentally said aloud, my hand quickly moving to cover my mouth — I couldn’t believe my eyes, I was actually brought into another dimension? And, these were the space time Gods Kelvin was talking about? What?

Shortly, I heard what sounded like someone falling behind me and turned. It was Kelvin suavely landing on his feet, even managing to give me a sneaky wink as he did. That bastard knew I’d land on my ass and probably saw me as I did actually fall on it.

He then went on one knee, facing the highest of the thrones, “This is my beloved wife. I have brought her to live with me as I carry out the mission to save Other Earth.” I panicked and quickly followed suit, settling down on one knee beside him. 

“Yes, good,” a deep gravelly voice that seemed to come from the throne but also seemed to come from all sides of the room reverberated in the space, “I will now send you off to your mission Chosen One, and I will ensure that your beloved will be safe in your mansion.”

Before my husband could reply, I stood up, “Excuse me Your Honour but, if I might say so myself, I am pretty badass at kicking butt myself. I could probably do better than your Chosen One beside me too. Whaddya say if you gave me some cool superpowers too and I help him out with his mission?” I acted as nonchalantly as possible, I knew these Gods could probably vaporise me with a snap of their fingers but like hell if I was going to let go of this chance of being a superhero.

“Hmm,” I flinched, the sudden sound of the God’s gravelly voice surprising me, “That doesn’t sound too bad. Very well, I shall allow you to wield the same powers as your husband. Do not let us down Earthlings. The fate of Other Earth rests in your hands.” 

I saw a giant hand appear on top of me, and with a sprinkling motion, I suddenly felt a surge of power rushing through my body. Grabbing my husband’s hand, I looked at him and kissed him, letting all my emotions (confusion, happiness, worry and especially love) reach him. He smiled when we parted, grabbing my hand. 

This, was gonna be one hell of a story to tell The Bros. 

***

10 hours too late but I hope at least someone sees this :'>)


**A bit late, not sure anyone will read this, but had a lot of fun with the prompt! Props to OP!**

__________

She ran out of the bathroom and grabbed me tighter than anything ever before.

"I found another world! A place where I was a god! A land where I crafted the dirt below my feet..."

I looked at her in total disbelief.

"I found a land where the beings praised me as their benevolent deity, burning pyres and making sacrifices to me!"

I mean she was gone for like 30 seconds to pee.

"You wouldn't believe it! I made the stars out of sand and the sky out of paint..."

At this point she was clutching me so hard I might actually faint.

"You should've seen it! I saw as wars were fought below my feet, heroics and feats fought in the name of me!"

I sniffed her hair trying to see if she had the scent of weed.

"I saw as the world crumbled in the name of greed, the fat needing to feed on the poor, the wicked on the weak..."

All this she had seen from taking a leak?

"So I destroyed it all and created anew, 

Made the oceans a boiling stew,

Made a shelter from the ground,

keeping safe only the good few."

...

I then asked "...then why did you come back? 

Come back from where you had all the power?

A benevolent deity of the bath.

A land where we also have to shower?

Why did you come back?"

I stared down into her eyes, at my feet she had curled.

"Because baby, even after all of this, you are still my world."


**February 22:**
So my LOVING wife Lauren won’t stop with this “bathroom dimension” shit. Today I went in again and nothing happened (surprise), but she keeps telling me every time she goes in it’s like a thousand years passes in some other world. I don’t know if the kids and I can stay. I mean, she’s obviously going off the deep end. Maybe it’s just a phase? I set up an appointment with a psychiatrist today, and she said we could come in tomorrow. God, I hope my wife isn’t going crazy.

**February 23:**
The psychiatrist said Lauren needs to be hospitalized. I’m making the arrangements now and hope this will all be over soon. She’s getting crazier every day. Just a few minutes ago, she came out of the bathroom very upset. When I asked what happened she got really angry and tried to punch me. Her eyes…they were different. Cold or lifeless or something. I woke up a few times in the middle of the night and she was just sitting in the chair next to our bed staring at me. Her breathing has definitely changed too. It's like raspy now. I think she's dangerous. I’m not letting her near the kids without me. She's definitely sick or something.

**February 25:**
Couldn’t write yesterday, because Lauren locked me and the kids in the bathroom! She was threatening to “burn the house down to end it all.” She finally let us out when the doctors came today. She held a knife to my throat while I spoke through the intercom telling the doctors it was all a practical joke. They seemed to believe me and now I don’t know what to do. I thought she was going to kill me. And, my God, the kids…I have to get them out of here. She’s watching us all the time. Noah keeps asking why mommy’s mad at him. And I don't think Mary's done any thing but cry since we left the bathroom.

Can’t get the kids out tonight. She’s walking around the house with that knife. HOW COULD LAUREN DO THIS???

**February 26:**
I’m going to kill her. Tonight. With my baseball bat.

**March 2:**
Mary didn’t pull through. 

When I went to kill Lauren, she was walking in circles in the kitchen, but as soon as she saw me it was like she knew my intentions. She ran—like some convulsing, hellcat creature of the damned—to the light switch, and the next thing I knew I couldn’t see anything. Bumping into furniture, all I could hear was the sound of her running around the room. Tears pouring down my face, I swung my bat and connected, but it didn’t stop the sound of running. I swung again, nothing. I remember a sharp pain in my left arm and then having to hold the bat with my other hand. Lauren knocked me over and I was just on the floor there thinking I was going to die. Even then I wasn’t sure I could do it. But I did. I had lost my bat, but I managed to get on top of her and strangle her. I watched as the life left her body. Her blouse was wet with my tears. I don't know how long I was there just holding her body. It wasn’t until I found the light switch that I realized what I had hit first.

**Edit**

*AUTHOR’S NOTE:
If you are reading this for the first time and feel satisfied by the original ending (above), then perhaps you should stop reading. For all the fucks that like never-ending stories, continue at your own peril. This magic school-bus is about to go down a dark road and it won't be coming back.*

**March 3?**
It’s real. I had just gotten back from the hospital and needed a shower. Was it another dimension? I guess, but I don’t know. Physically I’m fine, but my mind is another story. All I know is I was there for a long time like Lauren described. God, Lauren! I’m so sorry!

There are things there. Tall and grey skinned. Sometimes they look like Lauren, or at least I think they do. I can’t really remember what she looked like, it’s been so long. Every time they are around me I smell burnt motor oil. Hell, the whole place smells like a garage or something. It’s not like Earth. Not at all.

Matte black surfaces are all around, and there is literally nothing to do but imagine. I’m convinced that my imagination shapes the area around me, though, because I’m almost always thinking of the kids or Lauren and I’ll see them pass by me or something. But it’s hard to tell. I mean, when everything gets dark, are the things I see in my mind or in that place?

I have to go back. I have to understand.

**???????? April May June June June June. June. MARCH.**

This isn’t Noah. It can’t be. I just left him, after all. He was there in the dark place with Lauren and Mary. Inside the walls I can walk on. Can’t go back anymore. Why not? I don’t know why. Must be his fault. That little fucker! I’ll figure it out. I’m not going to let this THING keep me from going back to my family.

Blood!!! The wonderful whelps wrought by what? Me? Yes! I’m going back, baby! That thing can’t keep me out now. I’ll feast on his flesh and throw his bones in the bathroom with me. All of him will finally allow me to go back.


I looked at the pile of bills on the table, the screaming indignant celebrities on the TV, the orange monkey in our highest office of government, at the riots and mass shootings on the news. Then I looked at my wife, and the glimmer of joy and wonder in her eyes.

She whispered to me, "They have unicorns, David. *Unicorns!!*"

Fuck it, lets go. Anything's better than this.


"A what?"  
"A life! It took me literally a thousand years but I've made one we can both enjoy!"  
"A...."  
"Life! I know we're very different people, but I've worked and worked and worked for literally *a thousand years* and I'm sure it will be the best! Come with me!"  
"A...Life?"  
"Yes!!! You dummy!!! Come on! Let's go!"  
  
"Alexa, you assured me she would be unaware of the passage of time. Why does she think a thousand years have passed?"    
  
"I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question".  
  
"Ugh...Alexa, delete 'Rachel'".   
  
"Are you sure you want to delete 'Rachel'?"  
  
"Yes."


Seeing Maria slam the bathroom door behind her broke my heart, the utter contempt on her face cut straight through me. Such an idiot... I always mess everything up. I leant against the bathroom door tears flowing freely down my face. 'Maria, Baby, come out, we can fix this. I'll change I promise!' you lying bastard. I'll never change. My fingers pull at the locked door handle in a vain hope that it will turn freely and Maria will be in my arms, happy and full of love. The handle jars, turning no further that half an inch. I slump down in front of the door openly sobbing. I love her, I really do. My only hope for a happy future, I wanted to marry her. To have a family. And I still can't keep it in my pants. 

What feels like an eternity passes but what I know to only be a several seconds tick by. Despair fills me. Drowning out all other emotion. 

A click and the door opens inwards, her sweet perfume reaches me first, the scent of a garden in spring, fills my nostrils and rejuvenates me. A gentle hand strokes down my cheek, sliding under my chin she pulls me up close to her. 'it's okay honey, I forgive you' 
Yes! The words I don't deserve to hear, I pull her close. 'I'm sorry, so sorry, I can't breathe without you, I felt like I was at that door for an eternity, it was hell, sorry...' 
She kissed me, her lips first brushing and then pushing against mine sending warmth through my cold heart. She pulled away and leant to my ear. 'it felt more like a thousand years... I had plenty of time to think on the other side of that door, I know you love me and I know you want us to work, but I also know that you will never change. I've worked hard for this moment. It's like another world, I see myself creating a life for us, safe from everything. She kissed me again, pulling me hard against her. The warmth of her kiss halted and retreated as I felt cold steel sliding into my abdomen slicing through my insides the cold steel became hot pain screaming through my body, unable to scream I let out a gasp, she kissed me again. 'Please wait for me on the other side, we can make this work' 

-HL
(sorry for the formatting, on mobile.)


Trillian came running out of the bathroom despite only having run in 15 seconds prior to this very sentence. I don't recall her flushing. I didn't hear her washing her hands, either.

'Todd! Todd! I fell into another dimension and what felt like seconds to you was a 1,000 years to me! I now want you to follow me back into the bathroom because I have built a life for you there!' screamed Trillian, in what seemed like a single breath. If what she was saying was true, her lung capacity certainly had increased in that timespan.

I was flabberghasted. I didn't know what to say. I also didn't know how to spell flabberghasted and google wasn't working and my dictionary was broken so I'm not going to look that up.

'*A* 1,000 years?' I asked. "Wouldn't it just be '1,000 years'?" I remembered that people talking in stories is done with quotation marks and not apostrophes. 

She looked stunned. "No, I believe it would be 'a 1,000 years' as in, 'a set of 1,000 years'. It describes a span of time." 

"I'm not sure that's true. I can't necessarily disprove it, but it just doesn't sit right with me." I hated disagreeing with Trillian. Not because I thought she was irrational by any means, but because in some cases she was a bit *too* rational for me. 

"Look Josh, you may be right about that, but perhaps in this alternate dimension they use different rules to describe numerical quantities. And, maybe it's been a while since I've used the England language." she explained to me. As if I were a child. Well, I suppose she wasn't necessarily explaining it to me as if I were a child, but it certainly felt that way. I suppose I could just be projecting my internal mental state onto her,...does that mean *I* speak down to others as though *they* are children? What does this say about me? I feel like an awful person sometimes. I know I don't deserve somebody as good as Trillian. Wait, did she call me Josh?

"Wait, did you call me Josh?" I said, stunned for a moment.

She thought for a second. 'Well...it's been a 1,000 years. What did you expect?'

I couldn't argue with her. Sometimes she's a bit too rational.


I slept on the sofa again last night. It's easier to pretend they're still here, that way. That Maria never left me, we just argued and that she's lying up there in our bed, and in the morning we'll sort out our differences over a cup of tea.

That's what I do. I make two cups of tea in the morning. Sometimes I even pour a glass of orange for Mark, but in truth, it's harder to pretend he's still here.

Because I *know* he's gone.

It was just a prank, you know. Mark fell in love with the books. I started reading them to him when he was six. A bit young maybe. It was Mark that believed they were real. There was no deception on my part, not at that time. But, in the way kids so willingly believe in Santa, he believed in Harry and Hogwarts and all of it -- believed it was all real. Why not *let him* believe it, at least for a while? Fuck, I know what it's like to be an adult in a world without any magic. 

It sucks. 

So yeah, I let him believe. I started to encourage him, even. I'd tell him about how a news event was really to do with the Ministry of Magic, or some such. But that most muggles didn't understand, and thought it was just an unusual storm. That only him and me knew the truth. 

The books had a good moral. So what was the harm in pretending?

By the time he was nine... Maria wanted me to explain it to him. That it was just a book, and that J. K. Rowling wasn't an archivist of magical affairs, but the writer of this made up fantasy world.

*I couldn't.* 

I just didn't want to burst his bubble. Later, as he got older... I admit I got something of a kick out of it. Like, when I faked the letter. *Ah, shit*. This is tough to talk about. When I faked the letter, I did everything I could not to burst out laughing when he exploded into our room and shared his thrilling news. 

Maria just glared at me.

It was my idea to take him to the station. I was going to show him... yeah, through a practical joke, I was going to demonstrate to my son, that none of it was real. It was going to be both hilarious, but also kind of tragic, when he ran into the pillar. I had the camera ready, you know. Because I'm a complete and utter twisted fuck up. I wanted to capture his face. To show his future girlfriends. His future wife.

I'm so fucking sorry Mark.

The day came. He dressed up in all his garbs and was so excited about quidditch and the wand and the alley, and all the fucking rest of it.

He ran face first into the pillar.

And he slipped away. Straight through to the other side.

Yeah.

I got a picture as his head thudded against it.

As it hit the ground.

I didn't get a picture of the blood pooling around his uniform. Cause I'd realised, as my finger clicked the trigger the first time, that...

Maria blamed me, of course. Hell, I blamed me -- it was my fault, so of course I did. *I do.*

Every day is a battle now, to not follow him into that other realm.

I miss you, Mark. 

And I love you like Dobby loves socks.


I ducked under the flying book with practiced ease and it slammed into the wall behind me.

 
“Abarakadabum!!”


My mother was fond of screaming made up spell names during her nightly drinking sessions. 
She laughed and subsequently lost her balance, rolling off the couch and falling bodily onto the floor. 


I took the opportunity to flee, quietly slipping out the front door. I lit a cigarette and walked down the empty street, pulling the red and gold scarf my mom had given me years ago close. 
I don’t know why she kept doing it. Not the drinking; I knew why she drank. It was the fantasy, this idea that Hogwarts was real and that I was a witch. Obviously, I had figured it out years ago but my mother refused to admit the stories were just that, stories.


Well, anyways, these days we would only get a few pages into the Order of the Phoenix before mom had downed two martinis and started to slur her words. 
I finished my cigarette and walked home. To my surprise my mother was upright and sitting at the table, with a cigarette of her own in one hand and a letter in the other.
“Look what an owl brought me,” she said. Her eyes were red but alert. Her hand snaked out and grabbed my wrist, and she pulled me toward the letter. 
“Open it!” There was a hint of menace in her voice. 


The letter was an invitation to Hogwarts, done in my mother’s crude hand writing. She hadn’t even put effort into it. I couldn’t help it; I teared up. Why did she do this to me?! 
Later that evening I could hear her laughing on the phone, “she even started crying, the idiot! Tomorrow I’m taking her to Kings Cross. We are going to break the internet. This shits going viral.” 


That morning I went along with everything. I stood mutely while my mother dressed me in a kids halloween costume, not even a brand name but a cheap knock off, “wizard boy cloak”. 
We got to the station and she pushed me towards Platform 9. 
I turned to her, hoping that she would realize that I was still her daughter and not her play thing, not a burden, but a girl who still loves her mom, despite the beatings and the drinking. 


She blew me an exaggerated kiss, pulled out her cell phone, and motioned me to get going. 
So I ran. I ran headlong at the pillar, because fuck it. Because at best I would jar my brain in just the right way and the last 13 years of my life would be forgotten, and who knows, maybe this would make my mother happy. 
As I got closer to the pillar I even started to believe that I was on my way to Hogwarts. That this was it.


I could hear my mother laughing. I closed my eyes and braced for the impact. There was a roar in my ears. But I just kept running. 


“Steady!!”
Firm hands gripped me. I looked up to see the kindly face of an elderly man in a peculiar set of robes. He had a long white beard and half moon spectacles. I looked around to see young people in black robes everywhere. 


The man looked down at me. 


“We are so glad you’ve made it.”


Panicking is rarely useful. Which was why I checked my smartphone recording first, scrolling back to those few seconds when Melanie should have bounced cleanly off the wall at King's Cross Station. I expected her to land quite heavily, which was why I had fitted her out with a crash helmet and cargo pants. It was one thing to play a prank on your kid, and it was quite another to endanger them. I may not be a conventional parent, but let no one say I was a reckless one.

But the recording only confirmed what my eyes told me - Melanie had passed *right through the wall*, and I even picked up her last few goodbyes echoing through the masonry.

Melanie had *not*, as per my meticulous plans, learned a valuable lesson in learning to discern between fiction and reality. My prepared speech about how she should engage in critical thinking more often ebbed away from my mind, leaking like water through a sieve.

Melanie had *instead*, quite apparently, departed for the Hogwarts Express, right before my bloody eyes.

"Oh, oh, let me see! I want to see too! Our darling baby, off on her first few steps to a brand new life! Such a momentous occasion! Richard, please tell me you captured her waving goodbye to us!" 

Ok, *now* was the time to *panic*. 

"Doria! What the... Are you saying you *knew* she would pass through the wall?" 

"Huh? Yes, of course she would, why wouldn't she? You heard me tell her all the time that she has magic in her, right?" 

I took a deep breath, then turned to face my wife. I gripped her shoulders, not too hard, just enough for me to steady my shaking hands. The pride and happiness on her face was slipping away, replaced instead with a concoction of puzzlement and annoyance. 

"Please tell me you're joking," I said. "Look, it's not funny, OK? I'll admit it, I got pranked. I don't know how you made her disappear, I don't know when the two of you ganged up on me instead. Haha, very funny, applause all around for my wonderful wife and my turnip of a daughter. Egg's on my face, and everything... Now, *can you get her out of the bloody wall?*"

"But Richard, isn't this what you always wanted? Isn't this..." Then her face fell, and a twinge of anger spread across her features, the way it always did just before we got to fighting. "Hold on right there mister. Are you telling me that you... didn't believe in what we were telling her?" 

"Believe?" I said, as my voice climbed a couple of octaves. "Believe in the entire Harry Potter which you made me read to her? Of course not! It's a bloody storybook, Doria!" 

"So this was... What? A prank? You did all this just to have her run and bounce off a wall?" A sneer twisted her lips. "What type of sicko are you?" 

"But that's what we agreed! You and me! We said it would be funny if we got her to believe that *Harry Potter* was real!" 

"What about the letter then? From Hogwarts? Delivered by owl, no less?"

"I printed the damn thing off Deviant Art! I plucked a few feathers out from our pillows!"

"Oh my god... You know what? I can't tell if you're the fool, or if I was the idiot... Here I was, thinking that my husband had accepted me for what I was, had even embraced the life our daughter would live out... I thought you were *listening* to me, all those years, when I kept telling you that I had distant relatives who had magic, and that I was pretty sure Melanie had inherited those same talents... It was my darkest secret, and I was so worried that you would never accept me... I cried, you know, with joy the first time you called me a Squib..."

"Bloody hell Doria, I thought we were *roleplaying*! Why the hell else would I go *ho ho ho, I'm Hagrid, and my laugh is not all that's big about me* in bed?" 

I saw the tears well up in Doria's eyes, and she turned away before they could spill. My heart ached then, for I could see that my words had hurt her. All I wanted to do was to hold her tight, struggle to make sense of what I had learned, and then maybe try to figure out what the hell I should be doing next. 

But the horrible memories of me reading the books to Melanie before her bedtimes came crashing back, and I knew there was no time for tenderness now. 

Not when my precious Melanie was, in all likelihood, boarding a frickin' fairy train to Hogwarts at this very instant. I wasn't prescient in any way, but the foreboding was building in my stomach, pooling like the condensation off a can of Coke in summer.

"Doria, look, I'm sorry, OK? I'm an ass of a father who was just trying to record his daughter ramming into a wall so that I could perhaps get gold on Reddit, OK? I admit to that. I'm scum. But listen, there's something really important that I need your help with, OK?"

"And what's that? You want me to find some way to pull our daughter back? So that maybe you can corrupt her with your hate, your shallowness, your sheer idiocy?" 

"No, no, not that. Look, and don't get mad... but I... may have taken certain liberties with the story when I read the books to her. And before she puts any of those ideas into play, we need to get her back, set the record straight. So please, if you know of any-”

“Wait, what did you say?” Doria narrowed her eyes, then stabbed a finger into my chest. “Back up, back up. Say that again for me.”

“I said, we need to get her back, so that we can correct-”

“Did I hear you say that you *took certain liberties with the storyline?*”

Doria had on the same look she always had just before she ascended to *blind fury*, right after *maddened rage* and *righteous anger*, and way, way past *mild annoyance*, which was usually where I liked to keep her with my jokes and silly innuendos. I gulped, then decided honesty was the best policy here.

“I er… kinda shared some commentary on the series with her. You know, just to help her with the development of critical thinking-”

“Did you not hear me specifically ask you to avoid any of your usual shit with this series? Just this series? And that it was *vital* that Melanie hear the complete storyline as accurately as possible?”

“For crying out loud, Doria, I thought it was just because you were a fangirl!”

“No, I’m not a fangirl, Richard! Rowling’s the most accurate historian we’ve ever had!” Doria bunched her fists, then pummeled my shoulder for couple of seconds. When she was spent, she sighed. “What exactly did you tell her?”

“I… may have told her that, you know… the Sorting Hat was an antiquated pro-discrimination enforcer who reveled in making cursory judgments of people, and that if she ever got the chance, she should tell the Sorting Hat to stuff it…”

“Oh god…”

“And… I may have told her that Potions class was the most important one of all, simply because humans were weakest when it came to addiction, and if she could just develop a substance which caused maximum pleasure and a minimum of side-effects, she should keep it secret and focus on selling product to her classmates… money, I told her, makes the world go round…”

“You seriously… oh for…”

“And… I may have also… said… that Voldy did nothing wrong… and that his views of how wizardkind should govern itself before Muggles did so was entirely justifiable and in fact a plot device employed in X-Men Apocalypse… and that the only mistake he made was in not dressing it up in a more digestible exterior. PR, I told her. Get into damn Slytherin, then change it from within. Get rid of the bloody snake, replace it with an animal with broader appeal than the stupid lion the Gryffies have… maybe choose like, something cute and relatable, like a Japanese electric mouse… then when no one suspects, you spread your doctrines and your teachings… help people see that there are more ways than one to conquer the world…”

I would have gone on, but Doria’s face was drained of blood at this point. In the distance behind her, I saw a few more families ambling our way, and their children suddenly fell to the floor, grimacing and clutching their heads in pain. 

From that distance, I could still make out the image of a cartoon frog, pulsing on their foreheads, a scar magically delivered by an artist I was intimately acquainted with.

Pepe, the first animal I had taught Melanie to draw, as a joke, for shits and giggles. *Do you like this animal?* I had asked her. *It could be your personal coat of arms, yes?*

Doria grabbed my collar, and I wondered if we would ever return to the lives we had.

“What have you done?” she asked.

Truly, I did not know.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


A Rebuttal to Nickofnight's: 

"Mr. Philips?" the voice asked.

"Yes," I said, pausing as I looked up from the bar.

It had been months now since the divorce and I was already a social pariah. There had been a Black Mirror episode about how the public turned against people they considered to be child murderers in shocking ways. I wasn't considered one but I was considered criminally negligent and if they couldn't throw me under the bus for killing kid, they could certainly make me seem like someone who was a lunatic. I mean, seriously, why had I even bothered telling the truth?

I looked up and blinked.

What the fuck?

Was this a joke?

"Yes, nice to meet you," a man dressed like Hagrid said.

Well, dressed like was difficult to say as the man cosplaying as him was an Andre the Giant-looking man with a big thick bushy beard. He looked, if not quite like my idea of the man from reading the books to my son, quite a bit closer than the illustrations in the book or movies.

"What is this?" I said, nursing my beer. This was the kind of dive where people didn't care if you were an infamous scumbag.

"Well, your child is wonderful but it seems like he fell through the cracks for a bit and no one bothered to give you an update," Hagrid said. "The thing is, your home life situation is a bit of a concern and...well, your ex-wife doesn't believe us."

"Believe you?" I stared at him. "You realize you're a fictional character."

That's it. I'd lost my mind.

I'd cracked.

"Yes," Hagrid said. "However, that's how magic works. All of the fantasy places people really believe in are real. Middle-Earth, Narnia, and that little place with the silver slippers that turned into ruby ones after the movie. Heaven and Hell too. You believe in them enough and they become real. Just not in this reality where everyone just believes in their next meal."

I laughed. It was a bitter gallow's laugh. This had to be a particularly sick prank or hallucination. "So, my child was spirited off to Never-Never land."

"No, that's a different place," Hagrid said.

I stared at him. "Bullshit."

Hagrid paused. "Haven't you ever wondered why so many people disappear without a trace?"

I blinked at him. They disappeared because the world sucked and ate people before spitting them out. "Because they go to Fairyland?"

"That's a racist term where I'm from but essentially," Hagrid said. 

"Why has no one returned?" I asked. "Told the world?"

Hagrid shrugged. "Would you?"

I wouldn't. The vicious emptiness of the world had been exposed to me by how easy it had been to turn the woman I loved against me, my parents, my employers, and my so-called friends. Barry had believed in Hogwarts because, at the end of the day, it had good people in it as well as bad.

I wanted to believe in that world now.

A world where the Voldemorts of the world hadn't won. No, not even the Voldemorts, the Dursleys and Professor Umbridges. Wow, I'd thought a lot about those fucking bucks. Way, way too much if this was any indication. I wasn't even that drunk.

"You're a lot more eloquent than you are in the books," I said, surprised he was still there after shaking my head.

"That's also racist." Hagrid paused. "I also took some correspondence courses after the Dark Lord fell."

I cried and couldn't help but whisper. "So, my kid is alive? I'm not insane?"

I, of course, was asking a half-giant from a children's story book. But if I had lost my mind then it was a better reality than the one I lived in.

"Oh yes...and we'd like you to come with us. You'd be a Muggle there but all your favorite characters would be there. Your son too."

I paused. "What will happen here?"

"People will believe you committed suicide. We'd substitute a body made of MeatGrow and FaceWax."

The names of the spells made me laugh before I realized the full implications of what he was saying. Could I do that to them?

Surely, they'd miss me.

I thought of my friends and family. The ones who'd turned on me. Then shook my head. "Good."


I'll admit that I sometimes take pranks too far. But how was I supposed to know?

I started as soon as he hatched from his little egg. Read him bedtime passages from The Philosopher's Stone first, of course, then onto the next book, and the next. Watched the movies over and over with him on my lap. Even called him Harry, just in case.

Next were the clothes. Jumpers, scarves, even cute little tail warmers. The missus thought that was cute, even made a bigger one for my tail as well. Ravenclaw though, I thought Griffindor or Slytherin would be too obvious.

He loved it all of course, thought that Rowling was the best biographer around. And the production value of those 'documentaries'! I made him swear he wouldn't talk about it to his classmates at school, didn't want them giving away the game you see.

And then that fateful day came. I stood behind him at the station platform, smile ready to burst forth when him and his little trolley collided into the brickwork. So, imagine my surprise when, just like in the movies, he just up and slips on through!

I remember going up and touching the pillar, first gently, and then slapping it with my hand, my tail flicking back and forth in agitation. I knew instantly what had happened of course, I knew the stories as well as him, after all.

All I can remember next is tears filling my eyes as I shouted into that innocent looking brick pillar, as I realised what I had done.

"No, it wasn't meant to be like this! It was meant to be a joke, a prank!" I looked around as passers-by regarded me, not understanding. I raised my voice and shouted into the pillar, desperate for him to hear me on the other side somehow.

"No son no, this can't be real, you can't have magic, you can't!"

"YOU'RE A LIZARD, HARRY!!"


To the Minister for Magic, 

The following text is from Ms. Miller's journal. The entrances have been edited and time-stamped for the purpose of legibility and understanding. The original text will be presented along with Miller's acceptance letter during the trial date. Please have reviewed the copies before then. 

 

(31st of August, 2017) 

It's late at night but I can't sleep! I'm so excited about tomorrow, but I'm also scared. I'm probably one of the only students who won't have their stuff yet, and what if Hagrid's busy now that he's a professor again? And what if there are kids like Draco there that bully me for not having anything? Tomorrow's supposed to be the first day Albus Severus starts school, so I might meet Harry Potter without a quill and ink for an autograph!  

I told mum I wanted to start using quill and ink before the year started so I'd be ready but she told me I wouldn't have to worry about it. She said it'll come as naturally as magic. She tried to give me a fake wand but I knew it wasn't real! She said I was smart for knowing the difference and that it would just be for the pictures before I board the train, and none of the other wizards would see because it would be outside the station. She said she has to stay outside the station because she's a muggle. I feel bad for her but I can't wait to make her proud!  

Can I get a new journal in Hogsmeade too? Did mum send in enough money for extra stuff? I need a new journal too, because I know there'll be much cooler stuff than seeing owls in the day to write about! But mum said I won't want to write anymore after I see the real wizarding world. Not true! I want to show her everything that happens so she can be a part of the magic too! I already can't wait until I'm older so I can show her the spells I learn! Maybe I can do potions over the summer. I finally feel tired. I think I'll sleep 

 

(1st of September, 2017) 

I didn't get a lot of sleep but I'm not tired. Mum made me my favorite breakfast! She mentioned my favorite dinner too and I got confused, but then she explained she meant at Hogwarts and she got all red in the face. If she's upset the food there will be better than hers, she has nothing to worry about! Not even magic can beat her food! She told me I should stop writing because I'd be upset about it later and didn't explain why. I think she thinks I'm like Colin Creevey, but he actually turned out to be cool! And look at Luna! I want to be like them!  

We leave in about twenty minutes, I've been watching my favorite Disney movie before we go since I won't get to see anything else until Christmas break. I wanted to watch the Harry Potter movies so I could remember the important information like potion ingredients and what families to watch out for, but mum told me I wouldn't want to see them because it'd be weird to know so much when I go. She got all red in the face again, I'm not like Colin, mum! 

But Emma Watson is in this movie so I'm happy because I still see Hermione, but it makes me wonder what the real Hermione will look like! Won't her and Ron be there too? I forgot Ginny will be with Harry! I'm so excited to meet all of them! 

We're riding there now! My handwriting's so messy because of the bumpiness. Mum's yelling at a car. I just remembered we're supposed to put on our uniforms when we get to Hogwarts and now I'm worried I'll be the only kid not wearing one. The only things I really have are a cloak (which is really cool looking!!!) and my letter, and I feel weird about taking it with me but mum wants it for the picture too. I'm starting to feel a little tired. It's a long ride. 

(On the train) 

I MET HARRY POTTER!!! And Ron, and Hermione, and Ginny, and I think I saw Draco! I didn't get an autograph because we had to get on train, but I'm still so happy! And now I'm sitting with a Hufflepuff! He said he knows he's going to be one because his whole family has been Hufflepuff, and he told me not to worry about not knowing because each house is amazing! I like him, I think his name's Dean, but he's not related to Dean Thomas, but he did know who Dean Thomas is and said his mother knew him too! He got chocolate frogs and gave me one because I only had muggle money, it's like Harry and Ron. Maybe we'll end up on adventures together! I'm going to try to sleep again because it's weird being the only one awake in the compartment (there's another kid here that just read some book until they passed out) and I don't want to be exhausted when we get there. 

(Presumably during Sorting Ceremony) 

I'm writing this while standing but note: Karl Jenkins is a jerk! Also I should have had my uniform! 

(Post Ceremony) 

I think I'm special like Harry and Albus. My name got lost or something and it caused and uproar. Headmistress McGonagall said she knows my name was written in the book of students accepted into Hogwarts but that nothing ever indicated I agreed to attend because she didn't receive an owl by July 30-something. I can't see them messing up but I know mum didn't mess up either because she showed me the letter and said she sent her acceptance letter back on the owl it came from immediately. So what happened? I wasn't sorted because of it and McGonagall has me staying where there's an extra bed in the Gryffindor girls' dorm. I'm happy to be put with them but I think it's just because she has the most control over Gryffindors, and now everyone's been looking at me but nobody's said anything! I'm exhausted so I'll sleep for now but I'm worried. 

 

(2nd of September, 2017. Morning) 

I was taken up to Headmistress McGonagall's office and asked a lot of questions. I told them mum sent the acceptance letter in and that I was supposed to get my stuff after everyone else because she didn't know the way to Diagon Alley. McGonagall told me there were multiple ways to get me there and said something seems "suspicious." She asked if I want to attend Hogwarts and I told her with all of my heart. She smiled and said she thinks I'd be great in Gryffindor! 

(Mid-day) 

McGonagall seemed less happy when she saw me this time and she had an auror there (I wish it'd been Harry) that asked me more questions. He said my mum was found going off on people at the station after the platform had closed and they don't know if it's safe to get into contact with her. I don't think she could have been 'going off' on anyone like he said, but I told him she probably was just really upset to see me go because it'll be the first time we've really been apart. He didn't seem so sure. I've been waiting in the Gryffindor tower all day just walking around and reading some of the books left by the fireplace. There's a sign that says "Looking for potion maker for blood-coughing" that's really torn on the top, a prefect came by and got really angry when he removed it and asked if I saw who put it up so I think that's why it's torn. Why not just throw it out?  

He also asked me if I know what's going on (after he got over the sign) and explained he meant about me. I told him what I could and then other kids that came by between classes. They're really interested, so I think I might just be able to use this to be well-known. The only more popular topic is Albus Severus being Slytherin, and one girl asked if I was somehow related!  

(After mother was located and interrogated) 

I was pulled back into Professor McGonagall's office again (I've decided to call her professor because I still see her as that from the books) and she told me they spoke with my mum. They seemed really confused because they said that she said that she doesn't know what's going on and just wants me back. The auror guy told me she said she thought the acceptance letter she gave me was sent by her friend that was in on what he called "the joke" and that she thought her friend just put it near the fireplace to be extra funny. I think he means Ms. Jones because she's the only one that has keys to the house to do something like that and she's with mum a lot. I don't like the auror guy, accusing mum like that. She must have been obliviated because she knew the letter was important! And Ms. Jones would never fake the letter to mess with mum either, and McGonagall even said it was the real one! I showed it to her and she touched it and it did something weird so it's obviously magical! And it's never crumpled! 

(After student interrogation) 

They said mum didn't know any of this was real and was just trying to encourage me based on the books Rowling published, and now she's terrified and wants me sent home. They said they don't know what to do and that a trial may have to be held to find my mum's intentions and whether I can attend Hogwarts so I'll get a date for the trial and be sent home for a while until then and then they'll come and get me, and the auror guy told me to let mum know that I will have to attend the trial and they will get me there by any means. My mum isn't Petunia! I don't like him at all! 

They also said they'd have to take my journal to use as evidence so whoever's reading this, my mum didn't lie to me! If this is the auror guy, you're a jerk! And if this is Hermione, hi! And congratulations on becoming the Minister! If Umbridge is still around and sees this, just know you're a [text removed.]


A rebuttal of a rebuttal, with a continuance. 

What a long day.


Of course, funerals do that to you. The cold wet ground. Acting as if remorse is felt, when much of it left, long ago. Two and a half years. That's how long it had been. Barry wasn't the best husband but he had been one, as if that was enough. For years, he fooled our son into thinking the existence of Hogwarts was real. To be fair though, he had went to great lengths to make it seem true. At least he had done that much. I told him often how he needed to tell our son the truth. Some kids grow up believing in Santa, some grow up believing all manner of else. He just had to make our son feel special in that way though. An impossible way. 


What would have happened if he had lived? Would he grow up believing life was a lie? Failing to believe in anything, because the one thing he truly believed was torn away? Or would he have grown from it. I'm unsure, but sitting here, looking at his father's grave, right beside his, I feel nothing. No, that's not entirely true. I feel as if I am being watched. The hairs standing up on my neck, as if a cold hand had just brushed along it. But who would be watching now? The funeral was over hours ago. So I steel my heart, and turn around. Off in the distance, beyond the spiked fence then encased the cemetery, a lone figure darts quickly behind cover. But just for a moment, I felt I could clearly make out their features. They felt somehow familiar. As if I knew them. Did I know them?


Hours later, trying to sleep, yet fruitless in my endeavors, I sit up quickly, with a start.


"Barry!?"


We had about ten seconds to gape in disbelief, and then the sound of a pen tapping against a pad of paper became, somehow, too omnipresent to ignore.

(How does that happen? Your kid just *disappeared through a pillar* in defiance of all laws of physics and oh wait, somebody's *tapping something*, gotta devote one's entire brain capacity to *that*. Maybe there *is* magic.)

We turned, and there was a fairy. I shit you not, an actual, honest-to-god fairy with the sparkling, glowing glitter wings and a three-piece suit that somehow managed to say "government agent" and "traffic cop" all at once. Shorter than either of us, but human-sized; blonde, no-nonsense hair, too young to be anyone's fairy godmother, but not some youthful, ageless Disney fairy either.

As we turned, she started to write on the ticket pad. "I'm with the Department of Protection of Children's Hopes and Dreams, and I'm charging you with Second Degree Malicious Harm By Deception To A Child's Dreams and First Degree Raising False Hopes With Intent To Crush." She pronounced all the capital letters somehow, let us stare blankly at her for a couple seconds, and continued. "If you had succeeded, I would also have cause to charge you with Doing Significant Damage To A Child's Capacity For Belief, which is a hate crime against magical beings."

*That* got her a widening of eyes from me and a confused sound from Sara; how do you commit a hate crime against something you don't know exists?

Her eyes are steel as she explains. "You will recall from your educational viewings of *Peter Pan* that fairies die when not believed in? It is an unavoidable tragedy when an adult stops believing, but for a child to have his belief in magical things cruelly crushed out of him at a tender age not only damages *his* psyche but will likely kill two or three fairies whom his belief ought to have sustained."

She smiled, and it was not a nice smile. "Here are your tickets; your court date is the nineteenth; you can find it by wandering in the woods most immediately in the direction of your backyard from your house until you find a circle of mushrooms. Step into it without crushing any mushrooms and the courthouse will be the third fairy mound on the right."

There was another moment of stunned silence before Sara found her voice and asked, "So . . . is there a fine for these . . . charges?"

"No fine," said the fairy. "You will be assigned remedial parenting classes and instructed on how to act as proper muggle parents to a wizard child." She followed my gaze to the pillar where our son had disappeared. "He will be returned to you for the Christmas holidays, and will keep returning for the rest of his seven years of Hogwarts."

"So . . ." my voice shook a little. "Hogwarts really exists? JK Rowling didn't make it all up?"

"Of course JK Rowling made it up," the fairy snapped. "How else would it have come to exist?"

"I---thousand-year history, you know, back in the medieval days---" I read the Harry Potter books to him and looked up answers to his questions on the internet and forged a Hogwarts acceptance letter for him, I'd managed to become quite the expert on the place's history and this twisted my brain like Last Thursdayism, which gives me a headache every time I make an attempt to understand it.

"People create stories," said the fairy, more gently, "and other people believe in them. This requires that they become true, so that belief may be preserved for us who live off of belief." She paused to make sure I was following and then pointed to the pillar. "Your son is arriving in the Fairy realm, where he will find a castle, a school for magic, and hundreds of children like himself who believe in Hogwarts, and Hogwarts as such will be made real for them."

"But what happens when he grows up?" asked Sara. "Does he stop believing? Does it . . . kill fairies when he does?"

"He will believe," said the fairy, "or not believe, based on his own analyses. Some adults return to the mundane, their childhoods retreating to a dream; others remain."

"Do you mean he'll be trapped in Fairyland forever?" I snapped, hands closing into fists, not caring if she thought it was a threat.

She met my anger, supremely unimpressed. "No. A paper-pusher in the Ministry of Magic, a paper-pusher in the local courthouse, what's the difference save what's in the records? If he stays, he will come home, and gravitate to a job he can find magical at the edges, and teach his children to believe."

My anger evaporating, I looked to the pillar, and to Sara; she looked back at me, shamefaced. We'd expected to have ourselves a hell of a laugh over what we're fast realizing to be a bit of a cruel prank.

Then Sara smiled, faintly, a tiny curve of her lips that told me she was up to something. "Other places from stories, like Hogwarts, exist?" she asked the fairy.

The fairy lit up slightly. I mean, literally. Glowing, like she had a night light inside her. "Oh, yes. Any story, if a child believes it, we create it for them."

"Thank you," said Sara, and turned to me as the fairy turned away and disappeared in between one wing-flap and the next. People rushed around us, so intent on their own destinations and smartphones, so lost in their own little worlds, that I could easily believe half of them were off in Narnia or Middle-Earth.

Sara pulled out her cell phone, and I watched her bring up the gallery, scrolling past our photos, taken this morning, of a beaming boy in Hogwarts robes, to a shot from last night: our daughter, age six, her hair tied up in Princess Leia buns, fighting off imaginary stormtroopers with a Super Soaker.

"I think she'd make a good Jedi, don't you?"


I honestly just shrugged and went along with it, y'know? Mom thought I didn't know what she was up to. Was Hogwarts real? Absolutely. Dad told me stories about the quidditch matches and the teachers there outside of all the books. Except, he kept talking about Ilvermorny, not Hogwarts. Sure, there was a class trip to Hogwarts, but my dad never actually attended. See, I think mom had no idea that magic even existed, that dad was just doing sleight of hand and the like. 

I had known she was faking and never actually knew dad was a wizard, but one time, she crossed the line. It was when my dad and I were in the backyard tending to some plants in his illusory area, hidden from sight. Suddenly, an eagle landed with a letter in its mouth. A telegram from Ilvermorny. I was thrilled! Finally, I was going to become a wizard just like my dad! We decided to head inside and head over to the American equivalent of Diagon Alley when mom opened the front door qith a handful of mail, along with a painfully obvious fake letter.

"James! Look! A letter from Hogwarts! You're gonna be a wizard!"

"Sharon, we need to talk-"

"Timothy, come on! Our boy's going to be a wizard! Isn't this exciting?!" Mom said as she elbowed him in the ribs. I could see her stifling a grin.

I took the letter and opened it. Dumbledore wrote it? Yeah, this was obviously faked, he was dead.

"Mom I-"

"I know, I'm sorry I opened it before you, but I already got tickets for us to head to London and see you off at King's Cross! So you meed to pack your bags, I already picked up your wizard robes!"

Okay first off, if she had just gotten the mail, how could she- Oh, she got a halloween outfit, gotcha. I looked over concerned at dad as mom ran to her room, probably to pack.

"Dad... But I need to go to Ilvermorny!"

"Look son, I'll try telling your mother, but you know how she is. She's a no-mag that grew up on the books, the histories. Her parents told her it was fiction. It's her idea of a funny joke. She probably thinks you won't go through the collumn and she'll laugh it off and try to take you to a bunch of places in London afterwards to make up for it."

"But I'll miss orientation! I want to go to Ilvermorny, not Hogwarts! You said it yourself, Hogwarts is full of stuck up British people who think they're better than everyone else because they have the boy who lived!"

Dad rubbed his temples. "Look son, they really are, but I mean, I'll talk to her. Now, let's say you and I head to Shaman Way, okay?"

I had bought all my ilvermorny stuff, even my own wand. I met some of my future classmates and they were awesome, quirky, and goofy. Honestly it felt like I was meeting characters out of a book, but that's just the eccentricity of wizards. Dad never convinced mom, so we ended up going to London. Dad called one of his old classmates who was working at the Ministry of Magic to tell him the situation. A simple teleportation spell after I went through the pillar would have me at Ilvermorny. Apparently, this kind of thing is pretty common.

We arrived at Platform 9, of course there were a bunch of no-mags there taking pictures and laughing. A security guard came up and warded everyone away, and then I saw some other kids heading there. I turned to my mom, her phone out ready to take a picture of me with my halloween outfit, holding my dad's old bigger-on-the-inside suitcase. "Mom, I can take you with me, you know? We can go to Hogwarts together, you know?"

"Sweety, I'm a muggle! I can't go through there!" She wasnt even trying to hide the laughter this time. I looked over at dad, who just shrugged. 

"Listen I told you it'd be more believable if we took him to Grand Central in New York, Sharon.  He's American, not British."

I sighed, and dad gave me a thumbs up from behind his jacket, hidden from my clueless mother. I started to walk towards the pillar.

"No sweety! Run! You have to run into the pillar, remember?"

I just dashed in a full sprint and disappeared beyond the illusory wall, the last thing I heard was my mother screaming as I was caught by a conductor.

"Aye lad, ye must be James Barnes then? Your da' said ye needed to head to Ilvermorny instead of Hogwarts, aye?"

The books didn't do it justice, the hidden part of the station was maginificent, the Hogwarts express standing there puffing out steam like a dragon. For a moment, I was in awe. I looked back up at the Conductor.

"Yes sir, sorry, my mom thought it would be funny to record me running into the pillar..."

"Aye lad, a lot of parents do. Well then, looks like you'll be riding the Ilvermorny Zephyr then instead of this old piece of ir'n then? Better get you to Grand Central."

"Wait, I thought I was going to Ilvermorny-"

"Ye are, but... erm... Currently we're having issues with the teleportation spell to get there..."

Thus was news to me... Something was wrong. Maybe I shouldn't go, then. A thousand thoughts went in my head, and then I realized: This was MY adventure, and I had to start it right.

"Alright sir, I'm ready."

And with a few words, I felt myself appear in front of an equally magnificent train, a conductor with a stopwatch in his hand looked at me.

"James Barnes?"

"Yes?"

"You're .2 seconds early, hurry up and get on the train, or you'll be walking to Mount Greylock."

As I boarded the train I looked back and saw my dad holding my very confused mother, waving at me. She looked up at him, obviously trying to stop cyring. "It's all real?"

"Yes dear, it is. And our son is part of it."

I waved to my parents. My dad waved back. I'd see them again soon. But for now, it was time for me to start my own adventure.


Tommy and I are dead to Spencer. I’m Tommy’s only parent. I do everything with him. Hide and seek, playstation, movie night. Spencer obviously doesn’t want another kid (right after the accident, to me in a venomous, tear-drenched voice: *You’re a horrible person and a horrible mother, Lisa*) so it’s up to me to make sure Tommy doesn’t get lonely. I’m like Tommy’s bigger sister: we have a handshake that lasts 10 seconds, I roll my eyes when he does something stupid (you’re so annoying!), that sort of thing. I also play pranks on him, the biggest one being the Harry Potter one since he loved, no *loves*, Harry Potter. It’s a bit cruelly elaborate but it’s something we’ll laugh about when he’s older, I’m sure; one of our many memories together as mother and son. 

I’ve told him he’s a wizard (Hagrid voice!) and that everything is real, the train, the castle, the giant Squid. I even bought parchment and wrote an admissions letter: *Dear Mr Davis, It is my pleasure to inform you...*

We’re at King’s Cross. He’s excited, face red with anticipation and I’m rolling the mum camera.

“You have to do it at a bit of a run, puppy” I say, taking a quick snapshot of him in his immaculate dark robes. This one’s going straight on the mantle. “That’s what it says in the book.”

Beaming, he walks briskly away from me towards the archway, then does a light jog. I’m beside myself at this point and when he begins to run I zoom in.

And he disappears. 

And then reappears.

Indignant: “Mum!”

My sides. My poor sides. People are staring (people always stare) as I double down, heaving with laughter.

“There’s nothing back there!” He crosses his arms and fixes me with a glare that makes me laugh even harder.

“Uh yeah, that’s the point, puppy!” I exhale heavily and straighten up, tears streaming down my cheeks. “There is no Hogwarts!”

“Urggh.” Little scrunched up face, coming for me with his raised little fists, which I block with a big mum hug. “I’m gonna get you back! I kinda knew all along, though.” He buries his face resignedly in my coat. “Since I’m a ghost in your head and everything.”

A pause in which I hug him even tighter. “Yeah.”

Muffled voice in my coat: “Wish dad was here.”

I nod. Spencer hasn’t spoken to me since the accident that I caused a year ago, the accident that killed our son. 

“Me too, puppy.”


It's been eight and a half months since Harry went through the pillar.

&nbsp;

*"Daddy, daddy! He has my name!"*

&nbsp;

Six months since they tore down the pillar at King's Cross.

&nbsp;

*"I got my letter Daddy! I GOT MY LETTER!"*

&nbsp;

I don't know where he is, but I do know that Harry Potter's just a story. There's no School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, no Hogwarts Express, no platform nine and three-quarters.


The surveillance camera saw him go into the pillar.


So where did Harry go that Friday, when he left my world?


It's no effort at all, really. What better way to remain undetected than to leave the place better than I found it?

Sure, that usually means sweeping up my footsteps, and if one floor is cleaner than the other, now that's just suspicious. Gotta sweep the whole house, no doubt. And you can't be having squeaky doors, that's just unprofessional. Even saw a little kid once, out cold on the couch one winter night - couldn't have him wake up and rat me out, right? So I carried him to his bed, made sure to tuck him in as well. Gotta make sure he don't wake up.

O'course, I started tucking in all the folks I found after that. Just became a habit, really.

Don't even get me started on the garages. Far too many tools to accidently kick in the darkness, get myself caught - and once you've cleaned the garage, you might as well do a couple more rooms, right? Can't have it looking out of place. And all these houses, they're really just a couple rooms, no more. Usually less.

You know, before, I'd usually just take a bit of money, maybe something valuable that wouldn't be missed. All the other towns, folks could afford it. 

But this town, the poverty all around...

No, I'll just take a bit of food if there's extra, maybe an old shirt if mine's starting to show through. 

Really, I've managed to buy a few odds and ends, sneaking in a couple things it looks like they need. These people have so little - and a little more always helps, I guess.

Strange enough, I don't really need to look for anything I need no more. Every house I go to, there's something out in the open, waiting for me. A home cooked meal. An old pair of shoes. Even a knitted jersey, bit too small, but it just felt like it was made *for* me, you know? 

I don't know. The state they live in, I don't know what they'd do without me.

Although, come to think of it, I don't know what I'd do without *them.*

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3


"I woke up this morning and like Magic the squeaky stair no longer squeaked and the floorboard that always tripped me up was as even as all the rest, I'm telling you he visited me last night!" One man said to another as they stood outside the local pub, cigarettes in hand as they talked. 

"Bill you're fucking nuts is what you are," the shorter of the two replied, "It was probably you in a drunken stupor last night, you do some weird shit when you're drunk," he waved his hand holding the cigarette dismissively, ash raining down like a small snow storm in its wake. 

"I'm telling ya Jimmy it was them fairies everyone's talking about," Bill replied insistently, tugging at his beard before lifting his cigarette to his lips and sucking deeply the toxic fumes into his lungs, the smoke puffed out of him on a wheeze. Jimmy just shook his head as if he thought Bill daft, which he probably did. 

Over the next few days more and more people started talking about the strange things happening in the middle of the night, creaky, broken and warped steps and porches magically fixed, leaky pipes mended, garage door openers which hadn't worked in months suddenly working again. In one memorable morning Juliane at number six woke up to find her half renovated kitchen completely finished. 

The small town of Ballybrook was convinced they'd been blessed with a flock of handyman fairies. The fact that a watch here and there or some jewellery went missing at the same time, well it wasn't really worth mentioning. Things went missing all the time and besides the miraculous fixings happening all over town were much more interesting to talk about.

"Mama said it was da toof fairy," Lily Small a little girl of four with a couple missing teeth was heard telling everyone that would listen while out and about with her nan. 

"I heard Geoffrey said they painted his fence and weeded his garden," Paul said one evening at poker night, "But I'm pretty sure it was just his son, you know Geoff, he'd forget his own head if it weren't screwed on," the others around the table mumbled and nodded in agreement, that sure sounded like Geoff. 

The instances kept happening for weeks, then months then finally exactly a year to the date of the first reported fixing, they stopped. That day the whole town seemed to fall into hushed whispering darting furtive glances every which way as if waiting for something terrible to happen. So preoccupied with this impending sense of doom that not a single person noticed young Susie Jenkins leave town in her brand new Ferrari which everyone knew she couldn't afford, ready to hit the next town, and the next, and the next. 

She smiled brightly as she left the small town behind, wind whipping her hair around, who said you couldn't be good while also being bad? 

____________________________________________________

That was fun, I haven't written in months so thanks for the inspiring prompt to get me going again! Hope you like it!


It started off small. 
I brought some cheap screws and an oil can to a job because I had gotten busted twice when homeowners heard a floorboard creak or a hinge squeak. Almost got my head blown off the second time. 

Not anymore. 

The town I prowl is rich, not super rich but old money comfortable rich. Lots of old people, lots of big mostly empty houses. And a lot of those old people rattling around in big drafty not-kept-up houses have a lot of stuff they simply don’t care about. 

I started out slipping into the houses in the early evening and using short screws to tighten key floorboards so they don’t squeak. Then I started adding a few here and there when I noticed they were missing. Oiling the door hinges was a no-brainer. Then I realized that some of these elderly rich people had freaking cold houses because they didn’t tape or caulk any of their windows. Caulking the windows kept them from rattling. 

I started making multiple trips to some places because they were so easy to get in, and if only one or two things were missing, then they would notice so much. 

Then I found Mrs. Johnson shivering in a freezing home in early January. I didn’t know what to do. She was clearly going to freeze to death if I didn’t do something. When I went down to the furnace room, it was obvious that the filter was clogged. I found a spare, and put it in. A quick prime of the system and voila! Heat. I heard Mrs. Johnson thanking ‘her angel’ for saving her. I got some nice Craftsman tools that hadn’t been touched for a decade that night. 

Two weeks later, there was a note on the immaculate marble counter top in the kitchen: 
Dear Angel. 	
	Thank you for saving my life from the cold. If you could make the garage work again, there is a nice ride-on mower that I don’t need there. I get so cold brushing the car off from the snow. – Agnes. 

Well, stealthy I am not, I guess. All the garage needed was 20 minutes of oiling the track and resetting the center screw. I loaded the mower into my truck, brushed the car off and put it in the garage. She waved to me from her bed room. 

I have a ten o’clock tonight at the Wilsons. Their sump pump isn’t working, and there is going to be some collectable sports memorabilia that her husband doesn’t want anymore waiting in the dining room. This just feels so wrong.


"...can"t seem to find my pearl necklace anywhere, Julia!" 

My interest piqued, I glanced over my shoulder, and happened to see a recent victim walking out of the café whose patio I just happened to be relaxing on. I turned back to my phone, hoping the two women would continue past me, but they were too busy talking to each other to notice me as they took the table a few rows past where I was sitting.

The other woman, Julia, emitted a heavy groan as she sat heavily in the chair, looked like she had a hangover. Probably, as I had drugged her drink the night before when she had been out. Her eighth drink, to be precise. I probably hadn't needed to, considering she had been spinning at her fourth, but in all things, caution. In life, in work,and in relaxation.

"I don't know Mary, you probably lost it at that party where Matt had his grubby hands on you for half the night."

"Hmmm, Matt might be slimy, but a thief? I think he deserves a little more credit than that, Julie."

An interruption by a quiet voice broke off the conversation as a waitress arrived to take the women's order.

I opened my eyes and was getting ready to leave when the conversation started up again, and I hated to leave a good conversation about myself. After all, the best thieves are ones that you don't even know robbed you.

"...find it eventually, probably in one of your thousand jewelry cases."

Well, make that 998.

"Maybe it was my landlord, I've been complaining about the door and the floorboards squeakin all the time and now all of a sudden they don't squeak anymore. But he says he hasnt been in the room or done anything!"

"Huh, now that you mention it, Mary, my bedroom door didnt creak this morning, and the floor didnt have that sticky spot from where I dropped my waffles a week ago."

"Maybe Tommy cleaned it while you were drunk last night?"

"Tommy, clean anything? Yeah right, maybe some reject god of cleaning mopped my floor last night and oiled the door hinges, he also got you hinges and nabbed the necklace as a fee!"

Both women giggled at the thought as I gathered my stuff and took my receipt to the cashier. It was time to move towns, to change hunting grounds.

Todays meal was paid for with Mary's pearl necklace, among other things, and Julia's previous wedding ring, also among other things.

My name is James, thief extrodinaire and apperant disgruntled reject god of cleaning.

Authors Note: This is my first time doing this, so some constructive criticism would be appreciated by all my fellow writers out there!


“Hey Jim, how’s it going?”

I approach my neighbor with a wide grin on my face. Jim no doubt thinks I’m just being polite, but the real reason why I’m smiling is because I have $120 of his money in my wallet, and he has no idea.

Jim scratches his head as he sees me approach. “Actually, something weird happened last night.”

“Oh,” I raise my eyebrows with exaggerated surprise. “What happened, buddy? Was it bad?”

“Well… Yes and no. Do you remember how the neighborhood kids broke my front window playing baseball a few weeks ago?”

I smile, because there’s no way I could have possibly forgotten. I used the broken window as my point of entry into Jim’s house last night. “Yeah, I remember.”

“Well, I woke up this morning, and it was just fixed.”

“It was?!” I open my mouth wide and clasp my hands to the sides of my head.

“Yeah.” Jim shrugs. “I have no idea how it happened. I had been meaning to schedule an appointment, but I just kind of put it off, you know? And this morning, out of the blue, it was just fixed. But that’s not even the weirdest part.”

“No?” My heart is racing in anticipation of his mention of the robbery. As much as I enjoy the actual burglaries I commit, hiding in plain sight is the most exhilarating part of my profession.

“So I’m looking at the window, and I smell something funny on the carpet.”

“Oh…” My delight instantly gives way to fear as I stuff my bandaged hand into my coat pocket. “Was it blood?”

“What!? No. Why would it be blood?”

“Uh, no reason…” The smile returns to my face. “Go on.”

“It smelled like… soap. I inspected it a little further, and I realized that someone cleaned and vacuumed my entire living room carpet. Like, they moved my furniture to clean under it and everything. And then they reorganized it all in a way that, quite frankly, I really like. It’s like a professional repairman slash cleaning crew slash interior designer broke into my house while I was asleep, and I didn’t realize.”

“Oh…” I have to say I’m a little disappointed by the direction of our conversation. There was too much blood on the broken window and carpet for me to leave behind. The repairs and cleaning were solely about not leaving evidence at the scene of the crime. And I honestly hadn’t given a second thought to the way I reorganized the furniture. “It sounds to me like you got robbed.”

Jim actually has the nerve to laugh at the suggestion. “Are you kidding? I mean, I’m concerned that someone was in my house while I was asleep, but this is kind of amazing. This mysterious person saved me hours of work, and hundreds of dollars. I spilled a glass of wine on my carpet last week, and thought I was going to have to pay a professional service to get the stain out. This morning, though…” He shakes his head and smiles. “You’re going to think I’m crazy, but I think it was The Sparkler.”

“The Sparkler?”

Jim’s eyes grow wide. “You haven’t heard of The Sparkler? He’s like Santa Clause, but real. He’s been fixing up people’s houses in the dead of night for weeks.”

“Oh…” The timeline Jim is laying out perfectly matches my crime spree, but he must be referring to someone else. I’m performing cold, calculated robberies, and am certainly not helping people. “How so?”

“Well, I know he visited the Jenkins family, four houses down. They woke up one morning and had a brand new front door. I don’t know if you’ve seen it, but it’s really nice. I think it’s mahogany or something. And their old front door was a piece of shit. It might as well have been Styrofoam.”

“Well…” I wince as my injured hand balls into a tight fist in my pocket. “Maybe the burglar performed extensive reconnaissance, and knew how flimsy the Jenkins’ door was. Maybe he chopped through it with his axe, and stole Mrs. Jenkins’ diamond earrings. And then maybe he removed the pieces of the old door so there wouldn’t be any evidence of the crime, and replaced it so that the Jenkins’ wouldn’t get suspicious.”

“Yeah, maybe.” Jim doesn't look convinced.

“And another thing. We probably shouldn’t call this guy ‘The Sparkler’. To me he sounds like a real unpredictable, loose cannon type. Maybe we should go with something like ‘The One Man Wrecking Machine’.”

“Sure,” Jim says, shrugging. “You can call him whatever you want. I’m just glad he’s out there, making the world a better place.” Jim closes his eyes and smiles. “Well anyway, I’m dipping into the $500 I had set aside for a new window, and hitting the links for 18 holes of relaxation. I’ll buy if you want to join.”

“No thanks,” I say sadly, pulling my bandaged hand out of my pocket. “I cut myself last night.”

“Oh,” Jim looks at me suspiciously. “How’d you do that?”

My mind is flooded by a sudden panic. I had not been expecting that question. “Uh… Shaving?”

“Hmm…” Jim furrows his brow and stares at me for a long time, before nodding. “Ok. I hope it heals soon. Maybe The Sparkler will stitch it up for you tonight.”

“You mean The One Man Wrecking Machine?”

“Sure.” Jim smiles and waves. “I’ll see you later, buddy.”

“Hit ‘em well,” I call, as I watch him walk away. A small smile forms on my lips as he enters his house. I can’t believe he bought it.
______________________________________________________________________________

Of all the writers on this site with their own subbreddits, I'm certainly one of them. More stories at r/mvdww


Mr Jacobs, the only tinkerer in town, is always amazed when he comes round to check on me in the evenings, just a minute or two shy of seven o’clock. 

“I don’t know how you do it, Gillian,” he says, while I’m meticulously clearing my worktable, packing away the toolbox he’s provided for me. “There’s no way you can tell the time in here, but you always seem to know your schedule to the minute. One day, you’ve got to tell me how you do it!”

I always smile, and try to laugh it off. Sometimes, when I’m feeling loquacious, I tell him that it’s just a gut feeling I have, which I cannot fully describe, explain.

I’m lying, of course.

Of course I can tell the time. I tell it through a hundred ways – the sound of the front door as it creaks shut, signalling the end of the workday. Or the sizzling of oil from the chopshop two doors down, as the chefs fry dinner for the workmen returning from the mines. Or even, if the day is especially quiet, the sound of the crickets as they rouse from their daytime slumber, eager to begin their nightly concerts.

These are all sounds which Mr Jacobs, like everyone else, takes for granted. I don’t have that luxury.

He presses today’s pay into my hands. “I’ll pay you more when business picks up,” he says, patting my head, “god knows you’re ten times more helpful than all the other crappy apprentices I've had. You deserve it!”

Mr Jacobs walks me to the door, though he doesn’t know I’ve never needed his help since the first day he’s shown me around. Not for the first time he offers again to walk me home, but I politely decline.

“I’ve got plans tonight!" I find myself saying, relishing a rare moment of sincerity. 

Said plans were crafted that very afternoon, when I overheard the idle chatter drifting in from the main hall. The customers' tones were hushed, respectful, but I had heard enough.

Henry Stillerson, one of the miners living on the fringes of town, had unfortunately perished in the mines, some accident of sorts. The insurance company had paid out handsomely, and the family was away this weekend, tending to his funeral in the next town, his birthplace.

Which meant that his hut, in this town, would be empty tonight.

Perfect.

Home for me was a tiny attic I had rented in the local tavern. Rent was cheap, probably on account of my age, and you know, my infirmities. It was dark, stuffy, and during winters it really got quite unbearable. I lay on the mattress, conserving my energy for the night ahead, drifting in and out of a bland, dreamless sleep.

When the sound of the main tavern door scraped across the floor, coupled with the crackling of the extra logs which the proprietor threw on the fireplace just before he retired for the night, I knew it was time, and I sprang out of bed, ready to go.

Who needed clocks when habits helped people keep time so much better?

Every gritty fault of the attic paled in comparison with the shining beacon of an advantage it offered – I could exit it at will without people knowing. The windowpane on the far side facing the street yawned open as I gently applied pressure. 

My sling bag bounced against my back as my feet carried me pitter-patter across the rooftops. Learning this particular path had been difficult initially, especially since many of the tiles lay in disrepair. It had taken me the better part of the month before I had fixed up this passageway through the skies, gluing back loose tiles, straightening cornices, righting chimney-tops.

I knew I had arrived when I heard the babbling of a nearby brook. More than once I’d heard the mothers about town fuss about this part of town, the very edge where the town ended and the forested woods began, and whether their children had snuck off to play in the waters again.

Slipping down to street level, I paused, pricking my ears for cries of alarm, other unusual sounds. Satisfied, I felt my way over to the door, retrieved my trusty oil-bottle from my bag, then liberally bathed the hinges with lubricant. A set of self-fashioned lockpicks later, and I was in.

Why steal, when I had a good, stable job? It wasn’t the money, really. But the sense of thrill, of purpose... it was a drug I savoured, a freedom I could not possibly believe myself capable of experiencing. That first time I walked around in someone’s home, I was unchained! Not merely just as able as my fellow man, but something more!

The feather in my cap was figuring out that other people couldn’t remember what they had if you simply tidied up everything for them. It sounds silly when you say it out loud, but it’s true. Mrs Lamway, for example, hardly noticed her silver candelabra missing after she squandered all her attention at how clean and tidy her home had become. The others were the same.

On my knees, feeling my way about, it became clear that the Stillerson family had left in a hurry. Various household objects were strewn about the floor, and I quickly lapsed into my routine, tidying up, righting the furniture, putting away the odds and ends. I wasn’t sure yet of what I would take tonight, but that could always come later.

And there I was, pride before fall, positively suffocating in my own smugness, when I heard the voice call from the top of the staircase.

“Who’s there?”

Like a toy soldier out of juice, I froze where I stood, two cups in my right hand, an old newspaper in my other. My mind was furiously spinning, unable to believe that I had been caught. But I was so quiet, I thought, there was no one anyway could have heard me!

The sound of little feet beat upon the staircase, as my apprehender descended. “Who’s there,” he repeated, “what are you doing here?”

Guile and cunning, they abandoned me there and then. “Nothing much,” I blurted out, already cursing my lack of eloquence, “I’m just… er… here to help tidy up your hall. It was pretty messy.”

I expected a shout, or a cry for help. I expected the boy to turn and run. I expected him to do many things, except, possibly, to squeal.

“Oh my goodness, it’s true, it’s true! The Fixer Fairy is real! Wait there, please, wait there! I’ve got something for you to fix!”

He scampered off, and I know I should have taken the opportunity to turn around and run. I should have abandoned my plans right there, notched a shameful mark on my belt to remember the time I could have done better, and moved on.

But honestly, who could turn away after being called a Fixer Fairy? I don’t know about you, but my pride wouldn’t allow it.

“Listen here,” I hissed, when I heard him come back down the staircase, “what’s this Fixer Fairy nonsense? I’m a cat burglar, an accomplished agent of the night. If anyone is to call me anything, my name is the Slender Shadow!” 

I puffed up my chest then - it had taken me far too long to come up with that name, and damned if I wasn't going to keep repeating it.

“That’s what everyone is calling you, the Fixer Fairy! You come at night, you make things better, then you take a small token of payment for the good you’ve done!”

I didn’t need an escape plan. I needed a PR agent.

“Look, kid,” I said, “call me anything you want, but if people find out I’m here, my wings, er, they’ll fall right off, see? So I need you go back up, go back to sleep, and I’ll be gone before you know i-”

Something had been niggling at the back of my mind, and it only then rose to the surface, bursting like a ripe bubble from the depths of a swamp.

“Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Isn’t your whole family supposed to be out of town?”

“Oh, we were supposed to be, but mummy said it was hard to take me to see grandpa and grandma, so I had to stay home instead. She said it’s just a short visit, and she would be back soon… and yes, that reminds me! Can you fix this for me?”

He hands over a square box, and my practiced fingers discern its value almost immediately.

“Cool, you don’t find transistor radios around here often. What’s wrong with it?”

“It’s not been working for a couple of days! And it’s important for me to listen, because daddy told me that when the programs say it’s the beginning of March, that’s when I’ll know he’s back from his work assignment! He promised me that this time, he’ll bring me out to town, show me around, help me remember my way around town! I’m almost good enough to do it myself, really, but the noises still confuse me sometimes.”

The penny, as it were, began to drop. In my mind’s eye, I saw it spinning lazily, twirling as it soundlessly cavorted through the air. So that’s how he heard me, even when I was being so very quiet.

“Sure, I can fix it for you. But I can’t come back here to hand it back to you, not when your mum’s back. So tell me, kid, will you recognise me on the street if I pass by you?”

The kid laughs, undeterred by the difficulties lying ahead. “Sure! I’m actually quite good with faces! You’ll just have to give me time!”

He cleans his hands hastily on his pants, then reaches out tentatively, confirming my suspicions. He walks towards the sound of my voice, and I go down on one knee. His hands find my face, and they gently, carefully, map out the contours, the ridges, the hills, the valleys.

I do the same. I’m much better than he is, with my years of practice. My nimble fingers flit across his face, and his face is committed to memory.

I stand up quickly before he can feel the brimming tears spill over.

“Hey, kid. If, for whatever reason, your dad’s not back to bring you out to town, I can do that too, ok? Trust me, I've had some time to learn this town, and I've got a few tips and tricks you would find useful.”

“Oh my god, really? I can’t wait to tell my friends that the Fixer Fairy’s my friend!”

I spin him around, push him back up the staircase. 

“No, you may not ever call me that in public,” I said in my sweetest voice, “I will wring your neck. You may, however, call me Gillian.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny


Well, it's obvious that I'm going to have to relocate. Everybody has caught on to my tactics. Just about every home in town has a cheap safe bolted to the floor. That's not the worst part though, it seems as if people find my burglary skills to be more of a blessing than a threat.

Some of the smart asses have begun leaving their doors unlocked with a God damn wish list of chores to be done on the door. Fuck them. Who do they think they're dealing with here? One of the jackasses even asked me to let their dog out so that he wouldn't wake them up early in the morning. Sure enough, the dog didn't even bark! He wagged his tail at me, so I just had to let him out. 

Then, just last night, I walked into this one house (doors unlocked) and there was actually cleaning supplies and a note requesting that I get the fucking soap scum out of the shower. Assholes. I think that the "wet bandits" may have been on to something. At least they had some "street cred."


It started because of the thrill. If this were a corny rags-to-riches autobio, I'd lie and tell you my first was a honey bun from a drugstore. Or maybe a loaf of bread for my sick mom or something like that. Well, don't get your hopes up; my mom was sick, but I'd have sooner stolen bread from her than for her.

No, my first time was a pair of earrings. I watched Sarah put them in a box, then take the box upstairs, and I waited for her to come back down and kiss me goodnight. But after I left, I kept thinking about them, locked up safe, so treasured and protected. So I waited a week, then I went there while she was sleeping. I knew she had a creaky door, so I oiled it before jimmying the lock. The stairs squeaked on the way up, and I held my breath, feeling my blood pulsing loudly underneath. I went to her bedroom first. There she was, asleep and unaware. It took me five minutes to find the box, and ten more to find the key. Two days later, when I picked her up, I asked why she wasn't wearing the earrings I got her. My heart was pounding, I wanted to hear her say the word, wanted to feel the vulnerability in her voice. But she blushed, and told me she lost them.

So I went back. I needed it--needed to. This time, I brought glue for her squeaky stairs. A bead between the riser and the step, wait ten minutes, then move up and do the next. After a couple of hours, I was done. This time I took money.

She didn't even notice.

I was frustrated. Felt like I bought a bag of bad drugs--I was scratching the itch, but it didn't do a damn thing. It was only when Sarah said "it's so strange. I swear, my landlord is coming in when I'm out and not telling me. My stairs have stopped squeaking, and the front door too..." I heard her uncertainty, her fear. Only then did I feel it again..the thrill.

So I tested out my new drug. I broke into a new house that night. Dusted the cabinets so as not to leave fingerprints, then took a china figurine. Cleaned and organized the garage shelves, and pocketed a set of spark plugs. In the morning, I heard my boss pacing, on the phone with his wife, trying to explain that she must be mistaken, things didn't just clean themselves. The thrill was back in full force. You see, people lose things all the time. Entropy is easily blamed for larceny. But no one cleans houses by accident. When that happens, the fear comes in at full force. How did this happen? Was someone in here? Why did they do this? What else did they do?

What else *might* they have done?

I had found my new hobby. I stocked up on cleaning supplies, and began making my rounds that very night. I cleaned, I fixed, I organized, I rearranged. Sometimes, I left my supplies behind on purpose--a brush here, a can of Lysol there. Neighborhood newsletters began to circulate, warning people to change their locks (yeah, right) and leave their lights on (just made it easier for me to change the broken lightbulbs without attracting attention). I heard it in whispers, saw it in bemused looks, and I reveled in the power of knowing.

I remember exactly when the tone changed. Mr. Falk, down at the grocery store, was telling people he would start leaving cookies out for the "fixer fairy." Old fart--I wish I'd taken more than his watering can. It wasn't his fault, though...I suppose people can't live in fear for long. We're docile cattle at heart. When we can't do anything, we accept what's being done to us. We laugh in the face of fear just so we can feel there's nothing to be afraid of. 

Just like that, the thrill was gone. My nightly endeavors became every-other-night-endeavors, then weekly endeavors. I no longer heard fear in muttered whispers, I heard casual laughter and superstition. I did even find cookies at one house. I left them out, but covered them with Lysol. I was becoming frustrated again. It didn't matter whether I stole six hundred dollars in cash or fixed the dent in their washing machine, I was simply a part of the landscape. I felt like I was gasping for breath every damn day, receding further and further into a deep depression. 

It was months before the new opportunity presented itself. This time, it was nothing I'd done, nothing I'd come across, it was a simple thought in the shower. Quick and easy as a needle through skin.

Tonight, I'm going out again. I feel excited at the prospect. God, it feels like years since I've been this excited! I'm bringing some of my cleaning supplies, but really just the necessary ones--bleach, scrub brush, microfiber cloth for fingerprints. And the Wusthof kitchen knife I took from Mrs. Carpinski, tucked safely in my thigh sheath. That thrill is back again...and this time, I don't think it will go away.


It became easier and easier for me. I expected the opposite. 

Nevertheless, I found gates unlocked, dogs chained up, and even alarm systems neglectfully nonworking. The city had let its guard down for whatever fortunate reason, and burglary became my full time job.

I was humble at first, but with the sheer number of houses I'd hit with not an iota of suspicion having arisen, it was tough not to laud myself as something of a mastermind; up in the ranks with the likes of Al Capone and Jesse James. 

I stole just below a noticeable loot each time, and covered my tracks down to the last speck of foreign dust. As a matter of fact, I usually left the house in much better shape than I invaded it in.

This was the key I think. People mistook robbery for charity. The city was in revelry. Crime was reported at record lows. Haven seekers inundated the city. Newspapers wrote of a mysterious public servant. Citizens misunderstood it as a pro bono initiative and they lent themselves to this non-existent cause. Streets were cleaned and programs and charities started. Everyone pitched in to make the city a better place. 

They thought me their beacon of kindness and progress. In reality I was the city's greatest criminal. 

I played along with the charitable movement, and even set myself apart in 'good works' to ever ease suspicion of future thievery. I opened an orphanage. I joined PACs, I aided in catching other criminals, and now I find myself behind the mayor's desk after all these years of getting away with robbery.

The fools. If only they knew their mayor was a low-down scheming malefactor. They've made it too easy. I don't even need to steal anymore. As long as this city remains a safe, happy haven of peace and justice, they're all putty in my hands.


One of the things they don't tell you about prison is the shocking lack of entertainment options. I'd read all the fiction the library had to offer, and found myself stuck with nonfiction. I learned that evidently Home Depot wrote books now. And HGTV is the only channel that comes in on the old TV.

Tonight I'm glad for it, as I take a cautious step forward, easing my weight down. Yeah, this wouldn't do. A little talcum would stop the floor boards from squeaking. That left a mess, though. I swept it up, but a clean patch of floor was inconspicuous by itself. Had to sweep the whole floor. This place needed it too.

It was my second conviction for petty theft, I'd been warned to straighten out or they'd throw the book at me. I tried. I looked for a job, but I didn't have much for skills and I had a record. It was back to my old ways. Old ways, new techniques.

I emptied the dust pan into the trash can. That wouldn't do. Dust on top of a milk carton? A red flag. With practiced hands I tied the bag and replaced it, hurrying to the cans in the garage to deposit the trash.

I thanked God and Bob Villa when I spotted the black widow, hiding under the hand rail of the step that led back into the house. A small smear and she was in spider hell.

I managed to lift some change from the couch, and made my way up stairs. A squeaky step. No good, I'd be heard. It had to be fixed. It had to be fixed now.

I took out my drill and grabbed a.. shit. How was I out of carpet screws? Nope, couldn't go on.

As I made my way back to the house from Dale's 24/7 hardware, I thought back to my first days out. It had been rough, but I knew what I'd had to do. I had to muffle my drill, practice with the hammer until I could drive a nail without a sound or an elephant track in one swing. I could replace carpet, paint a floor, mop, sweep, wash dishes, replace a broken window, caulk a sink, hang a door... all of it in total silence. I wouldn't be caught. I couldn't be caught. I couldn't afford it.

Back at last, I screwed down the carpet, stopped the floor from squeaking when I heard something from upstairs. The telltale flush. The flick of a light switch, the swing of a hinge. I held my breath.

A child, maybe 9 rubbed her eyes and happened to glance at me. She covered her mouth the asked in a whisper, "are you the house fairy?"

Stunned, I looked at myself, illuminated by the light on my drill. Black clothes and gloves, harness, tool belt, hundreds of little pockets. "Uh... yep."

"I thought you'd be prettier. Could you fix my fan? It won't turn on, even when I pull the chain."

"Uh, yeah. No problem."


"Bob! Wake up, i think we've been robbed."
Bob's eyes sprang open and he combat rolled out of bed, ready to defend his homestead. He wasn't a particularly sporty guy, there was no baseball bat or golf club handy to use as a weapon, so he had to settle for his longest, sharpest model railway train. He brandished it like nun-chucks as he sprinted down the stairs. 

He found his wife stood in the center of the living room weeping. The poor thing was in shock at the sight before their eyes. They could see the floorboards. They were brown, a fact he only vaguely recalled from when they had moved in 3 years ago. Bob shouted, "What kind of animal steals toys?" 
"What are we going to tell the children?"
"We'll worry about that later, we should see what else is missing." Bob put his precious train down on the table when something caught his eye, "What is that box in the corner? I've never seen that before."
His wife wiped the tears from her eyes and scanned the room, "I think that's the toy bin that we got the kids last year."
"Has it always been there?"
"Yes, it was just buried under the mountain of stuffed animals and half eaten cheerios." 
Bob stalked over, preparing himself for more anger. He pulled open the lid and shouted, "Jane, you've got to see this."
Jane joined him and gasped, "Wait, I think everything is in here? How? Did you hire a cleaner?"
"Not after the last one stormed out of here. Whoever did this even colour coordinated the stuffed animals. Who does that? Should I call the Police?"
Jane took a deep breath, "And tell them what, someone broke in and stole the mess from our living room?" 
"We must be missing something. Perhaps this is a distraction. Check the computer!"
 She rushed over and opened her laptop, "Oh my goodness, you're right! All the files on my desktop are missing. Oh, wait, never mind, he's put in a file structure. Wow, this is much easier to find things."
"This could be one of those cyber crimes. He could have stolen my identity!"
At that moment the phone rang. Bob yanked it off the receiver, "Hello."
"Hello, is that Mr. Smith? I want to talk to you about the unusual activity on your account last night."
Bob cupped his hand over the receiver and shouted to Jane, "Aha! I knew it!"
He listened again as the bank teller continued, "I want to assure you that the staff member responsible has been terminated and full charges will be pressed. We'd have never caught him either if it wasn't for that considerable reorganization of your accounts that highlighted the fraudulent fees. We would like to offer you a sizable reward as our way of saying thank you."
Jane was waving at him frantically so he said, "I'm sorry, I'll have to call you back." He hung up and said, "is everything alright?"
Jane sobbed as she spoke, "I found out what he took. Crackers the parrot is gone!"
Bob's jaw fell open. The thief had cleaned up the living room, earned him money and now had stolen the miserable sack of feathers his wife fawned over instead of him. He tried to keep the smile off his face as he said, ""This guy better hope I never track him down!"


I stopped taking possessions years ago. Thats just incovienent for everyone. I have to go hawk the item, they have to rebuy it, its just a mess. Plus its more to carry, do you know how big my fixit bag is? Well you don't, im not doing my job if youve seen it.
No, I only take money now. And nudes. If someone leaves decent nudes out, I take them. Digital, print, whichever. I had one guy try to leave me a blockbuster gift card. I almost took it for nostalgia, but I didnt want rumors to spread that id take expired  or defunct currency. I mean, guys gotta eat.
Ive gotten word from a few sites that news outlets would pay good money to hear my story, but I figure reddit is where my people reside, so I'm putting it here for you.
It started because I needed money. You thought itd be more rich, more noble, maybe more interesting? The economy tanked, i lost my job, rent was due, i stole. But I had to sell my car so i couldn't get far, and i felt bad stealing from my neighbors, so Id fix stuff. I considered it an even trade. 
It got weird when the police reports and newscasts stopped reporting it.
It got weirder when a subreddit and craiglist adds and facebook recommendations and yelp reviews started coming in. One guy gave me one star because I didnt fix his dryer. I didnt have the parts, man!
Then the news came back around and the people they interviewed didnt even feel violated, they just figured it was a service like Uber or something, overnight repair man. 
So now I run a small, technically criminal empire. I mean, why work alone? Ive got a few people under my employ, we take tax free money and we fix things. Ive fired a few people for stealing more thans fair, and Ive hired some uniqur folks.  Weve got an app coming.  Police, you ask? Half the cops in town use our services. Helps them get more done around the house. So next time something breaks, think of us! Everyone else does!


Ironically enough, this prompt seems to describe me perfectly. I began thieving out of necessity, I lost my job and I really didn't want to live on the streets. I didn't have much saved at all, only enough for two or three more months of rent, so after about a month of blissfully lounging about, I decided I'd better figure something out to make ends meet.
   
   At first I just looked for unlocked cars, but that wasn't very fruitful and I really didn't want to go through the trouble of taking an entire radio, especially because that's just crass. I didn't want them to notice what I had borrowed, so I would always polish their dash or wash the outside of their car to distract them. I really hate washing cars so that didn't last long.
   
   The first (and only) house I ever broke into was enormous, probably 10,000+ square feet if I had to guess. They had a little mutt that I was worried would bark at me, but he didn't seem to mind me. It turns out he was a scaredy cat type of dog who didn't bark much, but he had another defense. It only took me about 10 minutes to clean up the pee, and by that time I had scoped out the kitchen and laundry room, and noticed a wallet sitting on the counter. 
   
   I found about eighty bucks in there, and figured that would suffice. As I was leaving I noticed how terribly filthy my shoes were. I must have stepped in mud on my way in, so I tried to wipe it up with a rag I found but that just wasn't working out so I had to get  the mop. Then I left. Then I remembered all the dirty dishes in the sink. If I'm, well, stealing, (I hate to call it that) I guess I should do something to make up for it, so I went back in and did the dishes. And folded the laundry. Before I knew it I had waxed the stained concrete floors and disinfected the toilets. 
   
   I couldn't stop cleaning. Everything was so dirty, and I did take $80 so I had to do a lot of sweeping and wiping and polishing and dusting to make up for it. Before I knew it the sun began to rise. I didn't realize how long I had really been there, so I started frantically putting away the cleaning supplies when I accidentally dropped the windex. It wasn't that loud because it was just a plastic bottle, so I figured I would be okay. Then I started to hear footsteps. I was freaking out. What do I do? Where can I hide? 
   
   The light flicked on, and a woman dressed in a robe screeched "Who are you?! What are you doing here!?" Shortly thereafter a man sprinted in holding a bat. I don't recall much after that, but they told me I passed out. Anyway, my girlfriend had mentioned she wanted me to meet her parents, so really I had done her a favor, but she didn't see it that way.


"That will do." Joseph said to himself as he carefully slid the broom back between the wall and the refrigerator where he'd found it several minutes prior. This was his last stop for the night before he was heading back out into the freezing temperature to make his way back to his own apartment. He'd made this stop to 320 Walton Ct only a few times this month, but it was an easy hit and he judging by the stories the folks here were telling other people around town, this wouldn't be the last time he'd make this stop. In fact, because of those stories about some selfless fairy fixing other people's houses, he figured if he worked a little extra at cleaning the place up after he'd done his job, he might just be able to make it a little more worth his while. He smirked has he crept cautiously through the Hormak's living room, through the breezeway and straight back out the front door as he did last week.

A block down the road sat Joseph's old 1990 Chevy Pick Up. As he stepped in, his foot slipped and he clumsily fell face first into the truck, spewing coins, bills, a watch and old leather wallet all over the cab. He grabbed tonight's collection, removed the plastic bags from around his feet, and started the truck. As he drove out of Walton Ct and down Walton Rd he counted out loud the houses that he had hit in the past month. 
"1, 2, 3..." He laughed as he lit a cigarette. "That one twice so that makes 5, just on this street alone." 

A fuzzy old voice picked up in response, the radio. "The kids are expecting Santa, while parents are expecting Bridgetown's Fairy. Rumor has it, he has his own list that he'll be checking once or twice, weather or not your naughty or nice!"
"That's got a nice ring to it. Nah, too cliché." He flicked his cigarette and drove off into the coming snow storm.

The next morning he woke up with a pounding headache. He made himself a cup of coffee, followed that one up with two more as he grabbed his pack of Marlboro's, a newspaper, a paper and a pen. His morning routine. He enjoyed the articles about the Bridgetown Fairy, a magical little creature that goes around fixing houses, cleaning, what have you. His favorite part was the lack of concern people had over things coming up missing. "Nobody seems to notice the old stuff gone when the new stuff's fixed." He said to Jax, his dog. Jax lifted his head for a moment of acknowledgement, and rested it down when he realized there was no food following his master's voice. 

He began making a list of houses that he'd already hit that week and weeks prior, and tallied the amount of times he'd been to each one. Some were becoming a little too frequent, so this week he was deciding to find a new location. Slums? Too easy, not enough reward, too much to fix. Ritzy? A lot of reward, not enough to fix, they'll notice. Middle class was his easiest target. He decided on a 10 year old subdivision on the other side of town. He'd only been in the area once, hit a couple houses, but had a bad vibe about it. But it was his best bet. He grunted as he made his way to the shower. He shaved his face clean, got dressed, and headed down to the market. 

"Good morning Joseph." Came a familiar voice. Mourna. She was as pleasant a woman as she was a wife. But that was years ago. She ditched him for some Robert Palman from the city. He offered her a lot and delivered zilch. She retreated back to Bridgetown and get herself a fancy new job as a cashier at the Corner Market. Good for her, she seems happy now. She doesn't sense his urge to breakdown every time he sees her or hears her voice. 

"Good morning Mourna. Just the usual and this, he said as he set his milk and coffee beans on the counter top. She reached behind her to grab a couple packs of cigarettes for him and rang up his order. He passed her a few bills.

"Say have you heard about the fairy everyone's on about?"
"You mean Santa's own handpicked elf to come help out the adults for a change? Yeah I've heard of it, I guess I didn't make the cut. Hasn't been around my place." 
"Same here" she said. Though Joseph knew that wasn't true. He'd been there, just a few nights ago, nothing weird about it. He just knew it would be an easy enough hit, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. What kind of man would steal from a woman already down, someone he actually still believed he loved. She looked at him crookedly, sensed something was up. 
"Maybe you'll get lucky." He winked.
"I'd rather not, I don't buy into the fantastical thought of some make believe fairy fixing my place up. There's obviously more to it than that, some creep staking the town out."

She always had some sense. Not like these other fools with loose screws in their heads. A fairy? I mean common. "Hey listen, it was good to see you again, Mourna."
"You too Joseph." She shot him a look that reminded him of the old days where he knew he was on the only guy getting that innocent look of compassion. "Take care."

That night he did his usual thing. Got his gear together, hopped in the truck and made for Bridge Grove, the small subdivision. He'd eyed a good looking home last time he was here. A mid sized home, comfortable looking. He found it toward the front entrance of the subdivision. 305 Newfrost Ln. He made his way around to the side. The idiot left his cellar door open. Must be expected a small winged beastie. "No such luck." He muttered and stepped down into the musky cold basement. He popped on a flashlight.

What he noticed first sent a shiver up his spine and made him nearly lose consciousness. He flicked this light back off and stood there frozen for a few moments. He aimed the flashlight at the floor, turned it back on. Slowly, he aimed it straight ahead. He couldn't really believe what he'd just seen, but sure enough as he raised it, his fears became true. First he saw the feet, the legs, the lower body, torso, head. The head, what he'd initially seen, bullet hole and all. He jolted backward into the wall, actually a rack of some sort that rattled everything that hung from it. He turned to see, and noticed several different guns; rifles, pistols, semi-automatics... more than anyone truly needed. As he moved back toward the cellar door, he tripped over a box. Inspecting that he noticed a case of money. Thousands he guessed. He panicked, grabbed the case, and broke for the door, back around the house and froze. Considering his reputation, if he didn't follow suit now, he may never be able to make another hit in this town again. "What the...?" He thought and shook the idea clear, continuing his sprint to his truck. He tried starting it, but it was giving him some trouble. He tried again, no luck. He looked back to the house and saw the curtains shift, someone was in there. "Common, common!" He growled at the igniter. He peered over once more and saw the front door begin to open. "COMMON!" He screamed, and finally, it gave. He threw it into drive, and sped out of the subdivision. 

He took the back road home, it wasn't any faster than going through town, but he knew he could speed going this way, and that would make it faster. As he sped, he came to a part where the road narrowed over a small bridge. He was going too fast for even a clear weather mid-noon day, only it was midnight and they had another forecasted snow storm. His back tire slipped out, he bumped the railing of the bridge, and hit hard into a small ditch. He was out cold. 

The next morning, he woke up to a middle aged man knocking on his window. Everything was hazy, but he managed rolling the window down. He could feel the frozen blood irritating the bridge of his nose. "Need help out of there buddy?" A toe-truck driver. Thank God it wasn't whoever was in that house last night. The man helped him out of the ditch and noticed the bloodied case in the passenger seat. "What's with that?" The man said nodding toward it. 

Joe saw the blood, is it mine? Or that man in the basement's? He touched his forehead remembering the blood. Put his hand out and shrugged, indicating he must have gotten his blood all over it. Thankfully it was closed, so the man didn't question and get suspicious about all the money inside of it. 

He finally made it home after a long night. He'd wished the nightmare had ended there but he wasn't so lucky. His placed was completely and totally destroyed. His stuff was everywhere, turned upside down, broken. A complete and total disaster. The next two things he noticed was the lack of heavy animal attacking his leg. Jax wasn't here. He slammed his foot into a chair and sent it crashing into the dining room table where yesterday's coffee cup and newspaper still sat. Which is where he noticed the next thing, a note on the table. He read it.

"Dear Mr. Fairy,
I believe you mistook that house last night as one that you could help yourself into and fix up. Maybe even steal a few bucks. Our little secret. But you took something of mine. I'm pretty disappointed in how you left the place. Such a mess. And the body in the basement. Despicable. I hope you can come to your senses.
You don't want to take the fall for this, and you want your dog back. Money for the dog, but if you don't want to take the fall, you'll have to do something a bit more for me. A dead man won't stay hidden forever. People will go looking for him. 
A bit of advice? Make your decision quickly. I don't like dogs, and I'm very impatient.
Sincerily, 
S. Nicholas"


FYI This is a bit of a twist on the idea




"A diamond ring is the price to pay, to make our chores go away". My 2 kids chanted.

We placed the simple platinum band with the glinting jewel into the blue velvet box, left the lid propped open and set it directly under the track light. I adjusted the olive green garnishment surrounding the small table and used my palm to flatten out wrinkles in the cloth draped over top, adorned with a pattern of tiny raccoon faces. My husband reached up, positioned the canister just so and in seconds the front bay window of our home looked like a high end jewelers case on Rodeo drive. We all stepped out the front door in our pajamas to get what we hoped would be the last look at our annual "thief wreath".

"I'm REALLY hoping the back door gets realigned this time". He said, a giddy excitement in his voice. "The creaky floor boards in the hall by my room could stand to be adjusted". My son Lil Jimmy stated, rolling his eyes at his sister. "Hey! It's not my fault I wake up first and they creak every time"! She said back to him, annoyed. "Kids, kids"! I pleaded. "You know, he's ALWAYS watching"! I continued, tickling them both. They laughed and in the moment forgot the annoyances of our aging home. "For me, I'd enjoy the thump of the bottom stair to go away. Scares me half to death every morning when you kids come down stairs". I said, nudging my daughter. She smiled softly at the thought.

"I know"! My husband exclaimed. "How about we put your moms antique tennis bracelet 5 stairs up and see if we can't get that done honey"?! He followed up, excitement rising. "That's a great idea. But don't get too worked up, you're setting a bad example for the kids". I said. "It's cold out mom, can we go back in now"? Lil Jimmy asked. "Sure, sure". I replied, shooing them through the front door.

The kids raced up stairs and jumped into their beds before the screen door could close behind us. As it did, I heard a metal scraping sound kick up behind me. My husband walked over, pushed the screen open and let it shut again. "The darn frame is scraping the jamb". He said, his hands on his hips. "We can always hope for one more repair honey". I said to him. "I'll run upstairs and get moms bracelet, you go unlock the back door, just in case". I continued. "I'll set the bracelet out and maybe put my watch on the door knob here as an incentive". He replied. "Ok, see you in bed in a little bit then". I said, kissing him on the forehead. Within a few minutes, we were all sound asleep.

-----------------------

"Mom! Mom"! My daughter shouted. I shot up in bed, awoken from a restful sleep. "The toilet flush valve isn't running anymore and sure enough, my tooth fairy money is gone"! She exclaimed. "Wow! Amazing". I replied. "And look at this"! Lil Jimmy said as he bounced up and down on the newly installed wood panels in front of his room. "I didn't even leave a tribute". He continued. My husband bounded down the stairs and disappeared into the kitchen. "Yes, yes! The door has been shaved and the trim sanded"! He said, pulling out his phone and snapping a picture. I made my way down the stairs and saw that the watch hung with care on the front door handle had been lifted. I pulled the door open and saw the screen, shut and fit perfectly in its place. The screws in the hinges tightened ever so slightly made all the difference.

As I marveled at the newly repaired screen and overheard shouts of joy from various parts of the house, I was startled by a loud thump from behind me. "That stair". I said, stomping my foot. "Oh, sorry honey. I guess he didn't get the memo". My husband said stepping past me and putting his arm around me. "Well mom, like you always say"... "There's always next Fixmas". We all said in unison. I hugged my kids and we walked inside with no noises to be heard.

The End.


The first target was Mr. Smith.

See, the thing with the older people of our fine community is that they have so much they don't use anymore. Mr. Smith was the same way. Tools, antiques, furniture, all just lying around in his garage. Not to mention all the leftover food in his fridge.

The first problem with getting into his house was the door. The door was so horribly made that even poking the thing would make the loudest creaking sound. I got the oil and fixed that up.

The next issue was that Mr. Smith's fridge was awful, too. The food was barely cooled. No wonder he never touched the leftovers. I left momentarily and came back to replace the refrigerator with one I had stolen for Ms. Johnson two doors down. Then, of course, I had to take Mr. Smith's former fridge into my house. 

The worst part of all was that his garage was a nightmare. Things were littered all over the ground. The ground was infested with termites, eating picture frames. One of these victimized frames, I noticed, had a photograph of him with his wife, who had passed away last year. I knew Mr. Smith had been so hurt from losing her that he didn't speak to anyone for a month. So I started cleaning the whole garage out, getting rid of the termites. Finally, after I had carried out a few antiques, I took the portrait and hung it in the middle of his living room, above the fireplace. I knew he would want it there.

Then I heard a floorboard creak, and I began to panic. I looked out the window, and the sun had already risen. Damn.

Mr. Smith looked at me in shock. He pointed at me, mouth agape, asking, "You did this?"

"Sir, please don't call the poli-"

Next thing I know, Mr. Smith is hugging me with tears in his eyes.

"Thank you, son," he said. "I never thought anyone would care enough to clean up and hang that portrait. It means the world to me. And is that a new refrigerator?"

"Uh, yes, sir."

"How did you know mine didn't work?"

"I just-uh...."

"No matter, son, what do I owe you?"

"Nothing at all."

From that day, I stopped stealing from people. I became a carpenter, and really got my life together. 

And they say crime doesn't pay.
---------------------------------------------------------
Author's note: 

Hey, guys! Sorry if this one wasn't great! It's my first try on this subreddit. I'm also on mobile, so sorry for what I can assume is a horrible format!


My father is an engineer. My grandfather was a carpenter. The whole line of men in my family history have been from similar occupations that require precision, calculation, and in general a solid belief that a job worth doing is worth doing right.  I, however am a thief.  

I wasn't always in this line of business. In fact, I once held the prestigious title of Team Leader for sales and installation for a local cable company.  I worked my way up by installing telecom packages in some of the nicest neighborhoods.  These were the neighborhoods where people would comment on your work using one of a variety of consumer reviews apps and websites. Receiving positive reviews was a matter of pride for me, and I went out of my way to ensure the work was done properly, on-time, and with a smile on my face.  

Working in the wealthiest houses presents a person with access people's most private spaces, providing a glimpse of how they live, and most important to this tale, what they own.   

I never considered myself a dishonest person, but somehow I fell into a habit of taking small things from the houses in which I worked.  It started out with trinkets, jewelry, silverware, and other small items that wouldn't soon be noticed.  However, My taste for the thrill of the pick led me to fantasize about sneaking in after hours for a more clandestine operation, rather than what seemed more like the work of a pickpocket. I dreamed up elaborate strategies to become the type of catburglar seen so often in the movies of yesteryear, with black suit, mask, gloves, rope, and all the stereotypical gear.  I shopped, I trained, and I cased my first house for months.

424 Fawn Lake Circle was the target.  It was mid-spring, and the shrubs would provide ideal cover for my approach. I parked two blocks away next to the golf course.  The rough and surrounding trees followed the street along one side, providing cover for my journey from car to house.  In my muted colors, I was perfectly concealed from human eyes, and people in this neighborhood tended to keep their dogs inside at night. 

I made it to the side yard in about five minutes and crawled along the edge of a row of gardenias that covered first four feet on one side of the house. I only know they were gardenias from the sweet, gentle aroma that was always reminds me of my high school sweetheart. The perfume she wore had such a delicate scent that lingered after she left the room.

I had crawled just fifty feet or so when I felt a mist hitting the back of my neck.  A hissing sound became apparent as I crawled closer to what I soon learned was a leaking water spigot.  This is a huge pet peeve of mine. I couldn't just move along and forget about this. The water loss wasn't signficant, but my dad always called that marginal thinking. I was taught to think of the bigger picture, of the impacts of small things on a grande scale.  Luckily, this is a common problem that's easy to remedy with a quick tightning of the screw on top of the valve handle. As a former boy scout, and aspiring world-class cat burglar, I had a multitool ready for the task at hand.  I promptly tightened the screw down, but  suffered a serious soaking in the process.  I couldn't continue with tonights raid, it was a wash.

I slinked back to my car feeling dejected and a little bit chilly, promising myself a return the following night to make good on my dastardly plans.

Tuesday night provided the atmosphere for the perfect crime. New moon, winds out of the east at 20 knots, still cool enough to avoid breaking a sweat.  I made my way along the greenbelt, the same as the previous night crawling up to and along the shrubs against the house.  I made it to the window where I planned my entry, and stood up to locate the magnetic switch for the alarm system.  The moment I touched the window, the silence was broken by the sound of the irrigation system turning on.  The sputter and spray of the emitters filled the air with sound and mist.  One of the half-circle emitter next to me was apparently clogged, and was unable to pop up completley from its home in the ground, thereby creating a gurgling, sputter rather than a proper spray pattern.  This would never do.  Call it an obsessive compulsion, call it crazy, but I couldn't just leave it like that. Yet again my trusty leatherman was ready for the task.  I unscrewed the top of the emitter, which resulted in a reduction in pressure which allowed me to fiddle with the cap and screw and eventually return the components back to their proper position.  The emitter was functioning properly, I was soaked, and once again the heist was a wash.

 The following days might have seemed predictable if it weren't so strange. Every damned house. I swear the wealthy are either lazy or just don't care about simple and routine maintenance.  I hadn't even managed to enter a home, let alone steal anything.  The list would be comical if it weren't standing in the way of my new career. Squeaky gates, garage door off the tracks, flickering light bulbs, broken mantle on the gas lamp, loose window shutters, those stupid solar landscape lights, garden hoses, more lawn sprinklers,  the list went on.  I hit every house in the neighborhood, and at each one there was a deferred maintenance issue to address.  I was at a loss for what to do. Either I needed to overcome my compulsion to fix that which was broken, or give up on my project for good.


"Treat people the way you'd like to be treated," mother's voice rang in my ears. It'd been six months since I lost her to cancer and ever since then I couldn't get my mind straight. Working had become an outlandish waste of my time. Instead, i became fixated on something sneaker and more rewarding. Robbing a business would give me an adrenaline rush so powerful that it may cleanse my head momentarily. 

I started with Mr. Wong's Chinese restaurant. I creeped around the corner of the plaza when Mr. Wong was leaving to lock up. Dressed in black, I sprinted the corner and frightened the small Asian man. 

"Give me the key and go home or I'll hurt you," I muttered. 

He did. I entered the restaurant with every intention of finding a safe filled with cash. After all, it was the busiest restaurant in town. However, I was met with a horrid stench that infiltrated my nostrils and every step I took was sticky and wet. If this was my restaurant, I'd want someone to clean it too. 

I located the storage closet in the back room and found a mop and broom. Surely an old man working alone can only accomplish so much in one day. I knew the police would be here soon so I acted fast. I mopped up soy sauce and soda, swept egg roll crumbs and even bleached the floor and counters. 

I had to pee. The bathroom was horrendous. I found some windex and a toilet scrubber and began putting in the work. Mother would be so proud of my diligence. The bathroom trash was full, as was the main trash and I swatted away some flies and brought it to the dumpster. 

Upon reentering the restaurant I sighed in relief. Finally, a clean place to rob. Now, the safe! The cash! 

I heard police sirens in the distance. Frantically I searched the registers which were clearly empty and  I had no time to locate the safe. I ran out of the store to my black Chevy and drove home. I felt a strange sense of satisfaction although I had no money. 

The next morning I woke up in a haze and turned on the news. My heart raced when I saw Mr. Wong was being interviewed. 

"To the strange man that scared me but proceeded to perfectly cleanse my restaurant, please show yourself so I can give you a coupon!" He exclaimed and the news reporter laughed. 

"I guess we have a Dirt Fairy on our hands, folks," and Mr. Wong's eyes drifted into the distance. 

I went straight to my computer and began printing out business cards and flyers for a new business adventure: "Dirt Fairy Inc." Maybe burglary just wasn't my calling.


All it took was a bit of smart thinking, a toolbox and a broom to get this profession up and running.

Good deeds reap good rewards as they say. 

Sure, the entire business was illegal and the immense persecution that could take place was always a high likelihood, but it gives me a living. Terrible living? Well, that's a case you nor I can really doubt. Best to get busy robbing, or get busy dying.

I guess this whole clean up thing started way back in my day. Cleaning was an essential clique of the locals. Real nut-cases those lot were. Although I was forcibly drawn into their ranks, over the years I learnt the tricks of the trades and got spoon fed information about 'clean up operations' to use the term loosely, as though this was an event established by the military. Not gonna lie to you - it was damn useful for what I'm forced to do these days.

Tight schedule! Real tight one, too: prioritise a house; silently pick the lock and immediately start at the hinge lubricating; pull out the broom (or brush, depending on what has to be cleaned) and begin furiously sweeping the dust and muck from within the various decorations; organise the cupboards in a fashion whilst simultaneously nabbing little bits of jewellery lying around here and there. Have to always make sure there's more fixed than there is taken - especially since everybody's waking up to desperately have a peek at this little 'fairy' at work...

Fear not! When my schedule is tight, I mean it. Trust me, having to hide by folding yourself into the occasional briefcase or tumbler dryer perhaps may seem effortless but it kills your back. Ouch!

By morning the papers are yet again printing out apocryphal stories of the mysterious 'entity'. Pathetic how lazy they are, really. Then again, they seem pretty thankful... hell, I think they're just leaving around possessions purely for their dirt holes to be cleaned.

Gotta say though, I appreciate the tips! Playing the role of servant is just as rewarding as being a filthy thief... you gotta find a way to live an equilibrium is what I say. Living in today's standard is a job neither really wish to accept - so why whine about it when the answer's simply to pillage in a courteous manner!?


*Hey! Thanks for reading the story if you got the chance... this is my first time writing here and any useful criticism, constructive or harsh (which I very much love) will be very much appreciated!*

*Context: GCSE student determined to do his best in English and this subreddit is useful for preping to write up on my narrative writing. Not the greatest at stories but love writing them.
Again, many thanks.*


"What is that?" 

   "It's your wife."

   "It's a fucking frog!"

   I looked at the fat, muddy brown toad sitting at the bottom of the cage. "Yes, a frog that was once your wife."

   "How do you know that's her?" the man crossed his arms and adopted an accusatory tone. "She wouldn't become a frog. She was a woman!"

   "Look," I rubbed my eyes. "Just let me come in, we can discuss it."

   "She should be human! At least! She wouldn't be a fucking FROG!"

   "I know it can be difficult to accept, but trust me. I've been doing this for eighteen years. This is your wife," I raised the cage so the husband of the amphibian could look straight into its bulging eyes. "And not a frog, sir. Technically your wife became a toad."

   "Bullshit."

   "Sir, could it be that your wife wasn't quite the saint you thought she was? I mean, granted, it's not often that a human reincarnates as a toad." *She must have been a real piece of shit.* 

   "What-what do you mean?" he said, staring into the toad's eyes. 

   I could see it slowly dawning on him, the inescapable realization. 

   "I mean that, as you know, the incarnation ladder goes either up or down. The direction a person goes comes down to their character, how much they did or did not grow as a--"

   "I know that," the man spat. Then he softened. Tears welled up in his eyes and his bottom lip quivered. 

   "The first thing I do when tracking somebody down, is determine whether they've moved up or down the ladder. Most people move up, but for most people, the move up is fairly small. They become another human, usually with slightly better life circumstances."

   The man broke eyes with his toad wife and looked into mine.

   "Your wife, I found out, wasn't exactly destined to move up the ladder. In fact, I went to great lengths to ensure I had the full scope of her life. I interviewed you extensively, as you know. I talked to her friends, her acquaintances, her co-workers. She rated at a negative twelve on the Reinhurst scale. That moves a human down to amphibian. I searched locally, since most negative twelves reincarnate within three miles of their death. There's a swampy gully at the end of your street. I played her favorite song. You said it was Thunderstruck, right? ACDC? She came over within the hour of continuous play. And here you are."

   The man looked back to the toad, verging on tears.

   "Look." I rested the cage on the ground and opened it, swept the fat toad out and tipped it over. "Her birthmark." It was a small music note shape near the groin. 

   "OH GLORIA!" The man grabbed the toad and hugged it, tears streaming out of his stupid, sobbing face.

   I backed away down the stoop. "I'll bill you."

   *Goddamn*, I thought, heading back to my car. *I hate these filler side gigs...*


The people in the slum disappeared into their makeshift homes as bounty hunter Dean Hallow strode through the narrow streets, squinting at the device strapped to his wrist. It had been pinging quietly when he entered the village - now, it gave a piercing whistle. He turned to the house in front of him. Well, 'house' was charitable. It was little more than a hovel. 

The woman's eyes darkened as she saw him enter, and she shook her head fiercely when she glimpsed the insignia on his shoulder that proclaimed his status as a bounty hunter. 

"My boy good," she said, shielding the kid from his view and snatching up a rusty knife that lay on the table. "*Good*. This is wrong house."

"I don't think so, ma'am," Dean said. "The detector doesn't lie. Your son - well, his previous incarnation - died before their invention. Nifty little things, it tells me when I'm close to the spirit I'm hunting. A case of poor timing for your son, dying before he knew they'd come along. He might have waited to slit his own throat after killing all those people, huh?"

She took a swipe at him which he dodged easily, before disarming her. The boy ducked out behind her, clutching something tightly in his arms. Probably a weapon, the little piece of shit. 

"Not so fast, Elijah. Or is it Samar now? So many lives, so many deaths behind you," Dean sneered, twisting the boy's arm and deriving a deep pleasure in the cry that escaped Samar's lips. The kid dropped whatever he'd been holding, but Dean was too fixated on Samar's terrified face to care.

He'd been looking for this asshole for six lifetimes, been demoted in the process of his repeated escapes. The last one had been the worst: a successful suicide after butchering five families.

"Stop struggling or I'll hurt you," he barked, dragging the boy without another glance at the mother who was screaming at him, slipping into her native Hindi in her fury. "We've got a long way to travel, and I don't care if you get there unconscious or not. I promise you the government doesn't care either."

"Not me, not me! Please!" the boy said desperately. Dean rolled his eyes. The smartest criminal he'd ever dealt with, resorting to whining and begging for mercy. He was almost disappointed. 

In the hovel, Samar's mother was still keening, rocking in the corner of the house. Her boy's rat scampered closer to sniff at her, and she resisted the urge to kick at it. She had always hated the dirty, ragged creature, but Samar had loved and cared for it. He'd been cradling it even as the hunter came. She would not chase away what her boy had cherished.

The rat skittered to the door of the house and looked out, whiskers quivering. He could still see the bounty hunter in the distance, pulling the boy and cuffing him over the head. Something turned over in its heart.

He had escaped again, and could go anywhere he wanted now.

But Samar had loved him, had fed him scraps he could ill afford not to eat himself. The first time anything had cared for him in six lifetimes, devotion he scarcely deserved. He almost missed it, the feel of Samar's fingers running over his fur, the sound of his laughter when he ate from the boy's hand. The rat whipped its tail and set out, keeping an eye on the bounty hunter and darting down the road.

He might be smaller in this life, but his teeth were sharp and necks were easy to shred. Some skills were never forgotten. The rat bared its teeth in a grin - it had been too long since his last meal.

-----------

[Part Two/Conclusion added here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkfinger/comments/6mc3ng/wp_reincarnation_is_a_known_common_and_expected/)

Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.


When you reach a certain age, you start to feel like you've seen everything. In my case, that means money launderers reborn as elephants and two-time murderers who ended up in fishbowls.

People like to think they know how they'll be reincarnated, but most of these jackasses are too stupid to notice the writing on the wall. You can plan the greatest heist in the world, but if you've got enough shitty karma built up it's gonna be bad news.

You see, the universe has a keen sense of irony. If you did a hit and run, you'll probably end up as a snake or dolphin or something else without legs. I start with the basic facts of the case and go from there -- most people end up just a few miles from where they offed themselves.

Then there are the surprises. 

To be honest, human reincarnation isn't all that uncommon. In the criminals' case, they start off with a blank slate but gradually recall what they've done in their past life; the guilt sets in around eight or nine. That's when they start to shit their pants.

I let 'em age for a while. Let 'em get comfortable in their new skin and pretend everything's all right. Then when they hit thirteen I make the arrest. Seems wrong to throw a kid in the slammer but then I remember what they did and my own guilt washes away. 

That was all before I met the one-year-old.

The kid was sitting there cooing at me. Spike Lewis - embezzled millions of dollars from the county orphanage, lived large for a couple years, then killed himself when the fuzz started to close in. I figured out where he reincarnated twelve years before, but, as usual, waited for the right moment to turn him in. Why wasn't he a teen? And where the hell were his parents?

The pieces started to come together. A shack in the middle of the woods, total isolation, abysmal living conditions. Yet here was this perfectly healthy child, blissfully unaware. Didn't even seem to have shit himself recently.

He was alive in stagnation. No food, no water, no nothing. Taunted by his own karma.

So what the fuck was I supposed to do? For a number of reasons, I don't kill the cargo - just gives 'em another shot in their third, fourth, fifth life or whatever. So yeah, not gonna kill an infant and it seems he was incapable of dying anyway.

I picked him up, wrapped him in a spare cloth sitting atop a beat-up dresser, and took him to Cumberland County Orphanage. Seemed weirdly poetic. Maybe they would have some idea what to do with a perpetual one-year-old.

I forgot about the case for a while, but then I dropped in two years later. Lo and behold - three-year-old reincarnated Spike. 

"He's a handful." That's what one of the caretakers said. "He's a handful but getting better."

When I caught a glimpse of him, it looked like he hated his life. But who knows - maybe when I check back in another five, ten years he'll actually be all right.

The universe has a warped sense of humor, but it's not incapable of mercy.


Thunder rumbled as the grey clouds lumbered across the sky. Under the relative safety of the green canopy of the forest, Jameson strode confidently through the trees, only occasionally stopping to recast the tracking spell.

As the tracking orb pulsed more fervently, Jameson became more cautious, choosing instead to move from trunk to trunk. The trees gave way to a dirt clearing, in which a small tent had been erected next to a smouldering attempt at a campfire.

Jameson almost felt sorry - his current target’s Link had only been triggered a few days before. Suddenly having the knowledge that in your previous life you’d been a monster dumped into your brain affected teenagers in different ways. Some gave themselves up; some killed themselves to break the chain; some ran.

The caution in his approach was justified - having access to a previous life’s memories meant that some of the targets he faced had powerful, dark magic at their disposal, wrapped in a scared, emotional shell. It was not a good combination.

But this target was probably safe - Salk’s family had confirmed that he had barely showed any aptitude for sorcery in the 15 years of his short life. The influx of DeVoort’s memories had triggered the fight or flight response - Salk had run to a place that he thought he could be safe while he processed things. This would not be the setting for an epic battle.

*Probably.*

Jameson stopped, closed his eyes, and extended his Sense. The trees began to ring out with their customary low hum; the tent added a smooth tone. No jarring notes that would indicate a curse; no pulses of Silence to indicate Null zones. Jameson reopened his eyes and focused on the tent. “KION SALK!” he exclaimed loudly.

Slowly, a disheveled teenager emerged from the tent.

“Yes?” Salk said, wearily.

“You know why I’m here” said Jameson. He stood, one arm raised in a defense pose, and silently prepared his combat magic.

Salk sighed. “I didn’t ask for this! This isn’t fair!” He looked dejected, and hugged his body tight.

Jameson sympathised. “Yeah, it’s not fair. DeVoort murdered those people over a decade ago - for you it’s not even part of your history. For the families though, it’s a bitter memory. That’s why a Mark was placed on his body after his suicide, and that’s why I’m here now - I want to finally bring him to justice.”

Salk sighed again. “Yeah, I know. I just thought… if I came out here… I could ignore his voice”. His voice trembled. “But it won’t stop - will it?”

Jameson reached into his robe and retrieved his binding chains. “No - I’m afraid not. But, I can take you to people who can help.” He gingerly  started moving closer towards Salk.

Salk scoffed. “You mean, put me in a prison until I die of normal causes? That kind of help?” He shook his head softly in resignation. “I guess I have no choice.” He held out his hands in surrender.

As Jameson moved in closer, suddenly Salk’s eyes flashed, and his hands began to jerk upwards into the beginnings of a casting pose. This was Jameson’s worst fear - DeVoort was asserting control.

However, Jameson’s preparation had paid off. As soon as he saw Salk’s eyes flashing, he knelt, and slammed his open palm into the ground, channeling his Binding spell. Violet vines sprang from the dirt, piercing Salk’s arms and legs, and pulled him down to the ground. Salk cried out in pain.

Jameson moved over to Salk. “So, DeVoort - I guess we’re doing this the hard way then…” he commented drily, kneeling to bind his hands. Salk was too shocked to respond. Jameson stood up, then pulled out his communication glass. “I’ve bound DeVoort’s host. Requesting transport to Karthikan.” he said.  

The glass hummed, then a woman’s voice spoke out. “Transport request granted. Good job, hunter. See you shortly.”

-----
This is my first writing prompt - thought I'd give it a shot. Comments/criticism welcome; I realise I haven't really written a self contained story here, this would probably be part of a larger story.

EDIT: Thankyou for all of your kind comments! :)


Brutal world we live in, I tell you. I can't help but feel a slight pang of pity at the sight of the criminal I'd apprehended being strung up by his arms, his bones practically popping out of their sockets as they strain to support his body. He's a dodger, no doubt about it, but he's been apprehended for the wrong crime. He doesn't seem to object, though; his head instead lolls lazily to one side, his eyes glazed over in an almost catatonic state. I'd be willing to bet on the fact he's been drugged senseless. It's a common precautionary measure used by jails nowadays, to prevent people from killing themselves and such. 

Poor bastard. 

The person beside me shuffles impatiently. Although his face is mostly masked by a black balaclava, I can make out tufts of dirt blonde hair falling from underneath the mask. The cover also does little to conceal his rapid, almost frantic, breathing. He rubs at his arms, and I can see now that he's incredibly nervous. 

"Is this the one?" I ask him gruffly, jabbing a finger at the drugged man. 

He shakes his head, his fingers digging into his forearm. "No. Too tanned." 

"How did your guy escape again?" 

"Knife to the wrists. Managed to steal it from the kitchen. Three days before his hearing as well." 

"Nasty."

I walk up to the criminal, my eyes giving his body a quick once-over. His entire person seems to be covered in a plethora of scars, all intertwining and connecting across his bare body as if drawn onto him. I scratch my stubble, frowning. 

"Well, this certainly complicates it." 

My employer freezes, his eyes desperately looking to me. "Wh-what do you mean?" 

"This could be your guy... or it might not be. He's definetly done this a number of times, and he's got the scars on his chest to prove it."

"I'm telling you, it ain't this one!" 

Seems he's not having any of my bullshit. This is a man on the edge, so no point pushing him off it. I nod, conceding the point. "Right. Well, may as well send him off anyway. I'll check later to see if he can tell us anything about the target. Once he's sobered up." 

"O-ok." 

I bite the inside of my cheek, placing a firm hand on my employer's shoulder. "Look, we'll get him. I'm the best for a reason. Wether it takes ten months or ten years, I won't stop." 

"You promise you'll find the man who murdered my wife?" 

"I swear it."

Although it's a hollow statement, it does seem to reassure the man. He gives me a shaky nod as I turn my back on him, walking off to my trailer. As soon as he's out of view, I roll up the long sleeves of my overcoat, itching the raw, barely healed skin underneath. See, to beat these trackers, you've got to play at their own game. I'm a patient man, and if dancing deathly close to my tracker is enough to eventually cloud my scent, I'm willing to do it. 

So, how to do myself in this time? I don't want to screw up my chest anymore than it already has been. 

I settle on something relatively quick and painless. A gun, straight to the temple. From my coat I pull out an antique magnum revolver, spin the chamber, and press it to my temple. With this, I can set them down the wrong course again. 

How'd I get myself caught up in this mess? One murder leading to another, one identity to the next. Four hundred deaths it took to be reincarnated as something that was able to get relatively close to the person tracking me without arousing suspicion but, hey-o, it worked, didn't it? 

For sure, my 'employer's' wife had been a doll, but she caught onto me rather quickly when we started our fling. I doubt it was all worth it, just for a night of passion. She knew I was going to off myself again as soon as we were found out, so, of course, I had to tie up loose ends before she ratted on me. Elizabeth had always had a big mouth like that.

This'll make for the five-hundredth time I've done it then. Oh joy, it's an anniversary day. Cheers for this Liz - I hope we won't be seeing each-other anytime soon. I bet you've reincarnated as a whore. 

With an exasperated sigh, I lean my head into the barrel of the gun. As much as I'd like to stay like this - pretending to be a bounty hunter - I doubt it'll pay off in the long run. Someone'll find out eventually. Without further hesitation, I pull the trigger. 

---

/r/coffeeandwriting


Sarah had an apple lodged in her mouth. That was my personal touch. Everything else—the swollen cheeks, the blackened eyes, the missing finger—that was protocol. She sat bound to a small wooden chair, a camera in her face and lightbulb above her head.

“Should’ve stuck with your bodyguards,” I told Sarah. 

Girls her age were easy to take. They felt themselves invincible and thought their protection more of a hassle than a privilege. All it took for her was a month-long conversation pretending to be the quarterback of a local high school. I had convinced her to sneak out at night to gaze at the stars with me.

I chuckled. Stars. How cliché. But these rich, pompous types always had a soft spot for the cliché. Then again, so did I. Hence, the apple in the mouth.

“He won’t come,” she spluttered, half-crying still. “He abandoned by mom with me almost a decade ago! The selfish bastard doesn't care about anyone but himself. So let me go, please.”

I glanced at the camera’s blinking red light and then my watch. Mr. Ellingsworth had fifteen more minutes before he’d force me to take another one of his daughter’s fingers. I wondered who would show up at the door, what race or gender that person would be. Perhaps Mr. Ellingsworth would now be Mrs. Ellingsworth.

“He’s never given a shit about me,” Sarah cried. “Why would he now?”

I shrugged. “Not my job to speculate. But I’ve been doing this a long time now and trust me, girl, they always come.”

“My dad only cared about his company. That’s it! You won’t find him like this.”

“We’ll see.” After all, we still had nine fingers and ten toes to go through. 

I took a moment to appreciate the design of the human body, so many appendages to be taken, so many bargaining chips given to the bounty hunters. Some preferred to take the eyes, the nose, the essential appendages, but not me. I had a soft spot for these kids. Usually, I’d only get through a single finger before their parents revealed themselves from hiding.

“My mom has money,” Sarah pleaded. “If it’s money you want, she has it.”

I shook my head. “This isn’t about money,” I told her. “It’s about justice. The upholding of our most sacred pillar of society.”

Her father still had 80 years of jail-time to get through. He had only made it three days before killing himself so he could be reincarnated a free man.

The rich always did that. They loved their little loopholes. With the advent of reincarnation, they had finally found the ultimate loophole. Law closing in? Enemies becoming too numerous? A single bullet to the head will erase all that, give you a new identity and a clean slate. Just stash a secret reincarnation treasure trove somewhere and you’re good to go.

“This is inhuman,” she cried.

“Of course it is.” But how else do you prove that the CEO of a Fortune 100 who had been embezzling money for years had reincarnated as an orphaned child in India? No, there was no way to track them down. All we could do was have them come to us.

“Time’s up,” I told her, holding my watch up to my face. 

Her eyes went wide and she kicked in her chair, screaming. “Daddy! Help! Dad!”

I reached for the garden shears beside me. Just as my fingers brush them, a knock resounded from the wooden door.

“It’s Mr. Ellingsworth,” a shaky and stuttered voice called out. “Please let my daughter go.”

---

---

/r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly


"*I want you to find Leslie Ingham, Agent Sunday. She shot her children after finding out her husband had an affair. Drug user. She was sentenced to  prison for life. Committed suicide three months into her sentence. Still has a lifetime to commit. You have thirty minutes.*"

Agent Sunday heard the end click of the transmission from the chip in her ear. She closed her eyes and bent down on the ground, standing in a wild flower field far out from civilisation. It was where she preferred to spend her free time.

The whispers from the souls in the wind filled her ears, soft voices of confusion, each, far from the peaceful field, being sent to their next fleshy prison. She pressed her left hand deep into the soil and gripped a handful, felt the slither of a worm slide from her fingertips. 

The whispers grew louder. It took a moment for Agent Sunday to make her connection with the soul bank. 

*Where is the soul of Leslie Ingham?* she asked the silent force. Her fingertips tingled as lines of data flowed freely inside of her, perfect answers leading to one place. 

Her chip heated up again in her ear.

"*Agent Sunday, this one is mine,*" came Agent Friday's arrogant voice.

Agent Sunday ended the transmission. 

*This one is definitely mine.*

She stood up and dusted her hands, knowing the exact location. She smirked and raised her right arm in the air and made a specific hand sign, ring finger standing straight up.

Agent Sunday blinked and she found herself in a pig farm where countless piglets were crying out from their separation. Across the gateway, Agent Friday appeared with a gun in his hands.

"I said this one's mine, Sunday," he sneered, pointing the gun at a particularly terrified piglet in the middle of the pen.

"No," Agent Sunday licked her lips.

The two were frozen in time, knowing the other was about to make a move. 

Then Agent Sunday disintegrated in the air, body formed into tiny particles that wrapped around the tiny piglet. Agent Friday disappeared, knowing that fighting Agent Sunday in a more fielded area was a recipe for failure. No agent was allowed failure.

Agent Sunday reformed herself and grabbed the piglet.

She blinked and stood in a dark room with a single bright white light shining down on the deceased body of Leslie Ingham, broken neck fixed and ready for reinsertation.

The piglet squealed in protest, its eyes focused on the body. Agent Sunday grinned as she broke the piglet's neck.

Leslie Ingham's soul rushed into the air. The room was built to trap souls.

There was only one place to go.

Agent Sunday blinked and she was back in her favourite field.

She touched her ear.

"Mission completed."


~~edits: eliminating typos bc my brain is slow today~~


I never understood sentimentality. How could an object mean so much to someone? But as I turned Roan's zippo--a gift from his late father--over in my hands, I didn't need to know why it meant something to him, just that it did.

The sky was Roan's favorite shade of blue as he put out his morning cigarette and checked in with his contacts for any new marks. It was not the bright blue of a cloudless day, but the steel blue of storm clouds heading his way. He inhaled deeply the scent of coming rain and his call connected just as thunder rumbled onto his porch.

"Hey, Derek. You got anything for me?"

"Yeah, a couple, actually. I'll text you the details and you can take your pick. We got a new guy to cover for Blake, and he can take the leftovers."

He inhaled sharply at the mention of his old buddy, who'd killed himself after a recovery operation gone wrong. Roan didn't know all the details, but he knew a bystander had been killed, and so had the nine year old target, a boy named Daniel. I, however, am a bit more nosy. I know that the nine year old target was a reincarnated serial killer, and the bystander his mother. Blake had gone a bit off the rails, firing his semi-automatic a few times too many. The child and his mother were buried in unmarked graves, as was the custom for reincarnated criminals. Nobody but a select few knew that the mother, a woman named Christine, had also been left of the law in her last life: a con artist who'd stolen the money of grieving people, people who had nothing to live for but enough money to make them worth her while.

Roan went to the bounty hunter's funeral, but the only thing he remembered through the haze of sadness was that they hadn't buried him with his cross necklace that he'd worn every day since Roan had known him, and that made things even worse. "Thanks," he choked out finally.

"Yeah. Just be careful with this one. Both of these guys were pretty nasty last time around, and it's been over twenty years for them."

That cleared his head, and I wondered if he'd catch on. "Jesus, I thought we set it up to alert us before they turn ten!"

"Yeah, well, the system's ten years old, and we designed it to alert us to possible targets before they turned ten."

"Wait, so... the ones who were ten or older by the time we set it up--"

"They slipped through the cracks, and now they're at least twenty. But we're fixing that up now."

"I'll tell you what," Roan said after a moment of contemplation. "Anybody else you find that's an adult by now, I'll take them myself if this job goes well."

Derek sighed, and I rolled my eyes as well. "Always trying to make a name for yourself, huh?"

"Just text me the information," Roan insisted, then hung up. He couldn't stand Derek outside of a sports bar.

Thunder rumbled again, and he pulled another cigarette from his pack and lit it, much to my disgust. I reminded him that it was a nasty habit, but he brushed it off. His phone chimed with a new text, and we both paid attention.

The first one had been a man in his late forties, accused of vehicular manslaughter and mass murder. Fortunately, he'd only been able to kill his own family before the police tracked him down. Unfortunately, he'd killed himself with a kitchen knife before they'd managed to capture him.

The second one was a woman in her thirties who'd stolen billions of dollars' worth of art, jewelry, and other things rich people collected to show off. Roan had never understood the urge to display your wealth to others for exactly this reason: it was sure to get you robbed. The woman had killed herself old school, with a cyanide capsule crushed between the molars. Probably to keep from having any telling birthmarks in the next life.

Roan's thoughts sped ahead of mine. The murderer would be easily identified by the slit-wrist birthmarks on his arms, he mused, and damn near guaranteed to have killed again. The woman, though, that was tougher. No scars, and art theft and other such nonsense was harder to pin down to a single individual.

Disappointed, I sighed and leaned back, closing my eyes. I'd had my fingers crossed for a certain target, but either they hadn't tracked him down yet, or Roan wasn't the one being sent after him. That wouldn't be a problem, though. Not for me.

"I'll take the girl," he texted Derek. "I love a challenge."

"And you love to give the new guys the murderers" came the response. Roan rolled his eyes and didn't reply to the text, just hopped into his car to start the drive to city hall. On a Sunday morning, there wasn't likely to be any traffic, and he expected to get there in record time.


This time it was personal for Jack The Hound.


They called him that because he was the best in business and could find anyone, no, anything with just a hint. He wouldn't stop or rest until he did; digging, sniffing tirelessly. Relentlessly. Besides, his name and last name together sounded like something only a pothead highschooler could come up with for a fake id.


For the first time in years someone had solid proof of target's whereabouts. They got all sorts of calls but nothing like this. Gas station camera footage was as clear as it could be and Jack knew this face better than his own. There was no doubt.


By the strict code of trackers' guild first man to answer the call of hunt should go at it first. You had 48 hours to convince the issuer that you have a legitimate plan and set forth on the hunt. 



This time no one asked anything of him. No one even dared to answer the call. They gathered in the guild hall and waited until he came to claim the hunt for himself. That, he did and it was a sight to see how all those people in the old reception hall parted to give him way. Most of them couldn't even raise their eyes to look at his face. The ones who did shivered by the grimm expression on  this pale and sickly looking face. It was the sight of ruin. It was the messenger of death.


They were there to witness. To be with him on this day as a declaration of respect. He deserved this and everyon knew; He was here for this.


Jack walked to counter where a clerk waited for him trying to stand still. He didn't say anyting, neither did the clerk. He signed the ledger entry that was simply titled;


**Call for J. Mengele**

as Issued by People of the World


-------

"Crimson Alert" roared the captain of 9th squad. "Where the fuck is negotiator?!"

A young officer in his twenties ran up to him holding his hat. "Sir..." he said breathing heavily. "The DA is here." 

"What the hell is a District Attorney doing at a hostage..."

A sturdy hand grabbed his shoulder. "Captain Wright, District Attorney Jackson, thanks for containing the situation. I am taking up from here. Please have your men ready for..."

"...but Sir..."

"Please have your men ready for a possible intervention. That will be all."

Slender young man grabbed the bullhorn from calloused hands of older officer.

He walked away mumbling "Fucking smug ass Je..." 

------

Inside the abandoned old house everything smelled of mold and blood.

Although he could still see headlights of the police cars, boarded up windows and doors were for Jack's advantage. Night breeze was making moth eaten curtains dance. 

Every step he took towards the guy tied to old dinner table made a different pitched creak. This night, these were the notes for opening arpeggio of his magnum opus.

"If you stop moaning and accept your fate I will take that tape off." He reached to this middle aged chubby man's cheek and waited for him nod in compliance before allowing him to speak. 

Fat man coughed and spit which landed back on his face since he was lying on his back, tied on a black stained sturdy oaken table. "Please.." he begged. "Please, I have kids"

"I DID, TOO!!!" Bellowed Jack. Kicked a chair, sending it to a far corner of dining room.  "Do you remember what you did to them?"

Man on the table started sobbing.

"Do you remember how they looked like when you were done with them?" He wiped tears from his eyes. "My twin girls didnt even want to be reborn because of what you did to them! They chose to vanish into eternity instead of coming to this world again!"

"I..." could say the man who was once a renowned doctor. "I am sorry..." he was loudly crying now when he could catch a breath from all that blood running back down into his throat from his broken nose.

Jack's cell phone started to ring. He walked over to the small service table which carried all sorts of hardware glistening in the moonlight. 


--------


Seth was outside of the house keeping the tension of crowd. "At this rate..." he thought.  

"Sir!" said the young officer he saw running up to Captain when he first arrived to scene. "I am sorry to..."

"Yes?" Seth cut him short.

"Sir, Captain asks if it is time to.."

Seth groaned audibly with annoyance. "Tell your captain, He needs to hold his horses. This is a situation we can't rush. Besides, I was contacted by Federal Bureu just now and they identified the perpetrator." He showed the young officer his phone as if it was proof of FBI's involvement. "I have the man's cell number and will call him to proceed with negotiations."

"Sir" said the officer and rushed in the direction of his captain.

 -------

"Why did you call?" Asked Jack.

"How's... is it really...him?" said the voice in near whisper. From all the background noise it was tough to understand.

"Yes, but no one will recognize him when I am done."

"How much time do you need?" Asked the man. It was clear that he was also pushing hard not to let his voice break.

Jack looked at the table over his shoulder.  "An hour. Are you outside?" 

"We heard some noises. Can you ungag him. I want to hear him scream."

"I just did."

"They will be more agitated but I will do whatever I can." Said the determined voice from the other end of the line. "And dad, please make it loud."

Jack grabbed the orbital sander with one hand and put the call on speaker.

"I will." he said.

Plugged the tool into makeshift power source made from a car battery. 

"I came back just for this!"




------------

Thanks for reading.


"Oof!"  I didn't hesitate to swing back with an elbow as another reporter attempted to jostle into my space.  Did he think that, because I was a woman, and barely over a hundred and ten pounds when soaking wet, that I wouldn't use every inch of my five feet to keep my spot?

My elbow landed into a gut made soft by too many meals of fast food eaten in a car while on a stakeout or chasing a story, and the man staggered back.  He lowered his camera just long enough to shoot me a dirty look before turning his attention back forward.  His camera flashed, threatening to blind me if I let my eyes stray sideways.

I turned my attention back forward.  Thanks to a combination of showing up early, knowing how to palm a twenty, and managing to catch the eye of Henry, the bailiff, I'd managed to land a prime spot near the front row of the court room's observation bench.  If I didn't screw up, this might pay off - big time.

The trial had been the most talked-about news item for weeks.  Rico Darville, unrepentant murderer, had finally been captured and was going to face the inevitable blow of justice!  It didn't hurt, of course, that Darville had a classic villain's face, handsome but filled with sneering evil and condescension.  Women swooned over him, even as police officers spat on his image and cursed his name.

Now, after more than two weeks of deliberation, the jury had reached a verdict.  This was the big moment.

And if I could get my big scoop on this story, I'd be golden.  No more scrabbling to find a paper willing to give my freelance stories a shot.  This was my ticket to a regular beat, a steady paycheck.

And no fat, smelly male reporter was going to distract me from getting my golden ticket.

A knock on the far door of the courtroom made Henry straighten up from where he'd been standing at a loose semblance of attention.  One hand checking the belt that held his holstered revolver, he stepped forward and reached out to open the door.

All around the courtroom, everyone sat up, leaned forward, drew in breath.  This had to be him.  Darville himself, finally facing justice for his heinous crimes!

"Bastard," muttered the fat reporter beside me as Darville stepped into the room.  He held his head high, turning his sneer on each member of the audience as they greeted him with boos, hisses, and jeers.  He stalked into the room, acting as if he didn't even feel the cuffs on his wrists.

I kept my mouth shut - but my pen flew over my notepad, capturing the atmosphere in words.  The sentencing would be the big headline, of course, but setting the stage was an important detail that made good writing sing.

With Henry and another police officer following behind him, Darville stepped into the box to face the judge and jury.  The judge, a white-haired boulder-smasher named Hawkins, glared right back at the criminal.  Scuttlebutt suggested that Hawkins had demanded the chance to glare down Darville, insisted on being the one to drop the gavel and sentence him.

The foreman of the jury filed in, followed by the other members.  There'd been days of fighting over the jury selection; the State didn't want the slightest possibility of Darville walking free.  The foreman, a burly construction worker, looked tired, his jaw unshaven.

"And has the jury reached a verdict, Mister Foreman?" Hawkins called out, raising his leathery voice to smash down the hisses and boos directed towards Darville.

"We have, Your Honor," the foreman answered.  "We find Mr. Darville, the accused..."

All of the reporters leaned forward, the entire section holding its breath.  Every eye was locked on the foreman.  No one was looking at Darville... except me.  I needed to see his reaction to the sentencing, capture it on paper for the headlines.

And so, I was the only one to see his fingers twitch - and the metal cuffs around his wrists drop away.

"Look out!"  The words ripped themselves out of my throat, but it felt like time had slowed to molasses.  All I could do was watch, horrified, as Darville moved like a snake, his hands shooting out.

An instant later, Henry was falling backwards, his features twisted in surprise.  Darville leapt up, landing impossibly balanced on the railing.  He bounced up, a marionette on invisible strings, holding something in one hand.

"No sentence for me!" he shouted out, his deep voice cutting through the shock of the surrounded onlookers.  Fingers, slack on cameras, didn't even have the strength to capture the image.  "Say goodbye to Rico Darville - you'll never find me!"

Judge Hawkins managed to find his voice before anyone else.  "We have your history, Darville!" he roared, standing up from behind his podium as if he intended to physically attack the criminal.  "Even if you reincarnate, we'll find you!  You'll face justice for your crimes!"

"All false!  I've lied at every step!"  Darville laughed, his eyes glinting with insanity.  "You'll never find me, not until I'm old enough to resume my true pursuits!"

The police officer who'd been standing beside Henry finally managed to wrench his gun free - and Henry's revolver, in Darville's hand, barked.  The officer took two steps backward, his face twisted in surprise, and then crumpled to the ground as red blossomed across his chest.

"Guilty!" the foreman pushed out; his brain, perhaps, had been jammed and he'd felt the need to finish his previous sentence before the interruption of Darville's freeing himself.

Darville shot him next.  "And there's my thanks!" he cried gleefully as the foreman fell back, half his face splattered on the rest of the horrified jury.  "I find you guilty of being an ass!"

Next, Darville swung around to us, still wearing that insane grin.  "Have you got this, newmen?" he called out, laughing as he gestured to us with the smoking revolver.

My tongue moved, my lips opening.  "Mr. Darville!" I called out, scarcely aware that I was talking.  "What's your end goal?"

It was the question on the lips of everyone across the country over the last few weeks.  He killed with impunity, but why?  What did he truly want?  What was this monster trying to accomplish?

Darville's eyes fell on me, and despite my knowledge of the horrors he'd committed, his magnetism electrified me.  "My goal?" he repeated, if surprised I'd even ask.  "Why, to prove that I am stronger than my biology!"

"How so?"

"I reincarnate," he declared, "into a new body!  Is it my biology that drives me to murder?  Or my soul?  We shall find out!"

Finally, the alarm seemed to have made it outside the courtroom.  The doors flew open, and armed officers came bursting in.  But they were too late.

Darville lifted the revolver, placed it beneath his chin.  It barked, one more time.

People screamed, some fled the courtroom.  Things were quickly devolving into pure chaos.

But I stood there, amid it all, and wrote.  And by the time that the newly arrived police had realized what had happened, I was on my way out, notepad clutched in my hands, making a beeline for the Gazette's offices.

I had my scoop.  The biggest twist in the biggest case of the year, and I would be the one with my name on the byline.  

I was cashing in my ticket.


You feel out the souls in the maternity ward, rubbing the amethyst to help coax out the flavor.  They had them in the gift-shop, and they had a yogi on staff to help new parents learn a little about who their child was in the previous life,  but you're a pro and you brought your own tools.   

It's an art for sure, hard to prove in court, but every soul has it's own distinct smell, taste, shape. Everyone describes it a little differently.   We're all just one in the stream. Some come and some go, but it's temporary change at best. They'll always come back. There's truly no place to run.  But some still try it.  

That's where you come in.  You hunt souls. Those who tried to escape into the next life. Criminals, monsters, debtors.  It's hard on the parents, cutting down their hopes and dreams.  You're not too popular. But you always get your man in the end. Sometimes there's trouble.   

This time though?   The punk skipped out on a mortgage. New parents run a chain of retail and just want a clean slate.

As easy as taking candy from a baby.


The rain started coming down in sheets again, beating the windshield of our Fiat Durango as it piloted itself into the Walmart parking lot.  Gavin, my partner, checked his Taser in the right front seat while my right fingers tapped the empty air where I saw my veekay/VK/virtual keyboard.  The intel came up in my vision, put there by the electronics my parents had seen fit to plant in my head, just as it had shown me a Craigslist ad two years ago for an interesting-sounding job when my parents couldn't support a jobless young adult daughter anymore.

"You sure he's gonna be here, 'Kenna?" Gavin asked dimly.  He was a little new to this, and the boss had stuck me with him to take advantage of both my patience, and the fact that I was the only EA (enforcement agent) in the company with tits. I wasn't in a position to complain.

"I'm looking at the mom's OnStar now."  That was the intel on my VF (virtual field).  "They're two minutes out."  The Durango found a parking spot near the back of the lot, and after stopping rose up from its low driving stance to stand tall for ease of ingress/egress.   The quiet electric motors shut down, leaving the sound of the rain hitting the car and the high-pitched Brownian motion in the air the only sounds I heard.  I double-tapped a key on my veekay, dialing down the sensitivity of my enhanced hearing.

The partly-redacted OnStar info, granted to No Sanctuary Investigations by a warrant applicable to private sector entities such as NSI, indicated that the Jones' light had turned green and they were about to pull into the lot.  The rain had slowed in the last minute, and I opened my door into the light drizzle, Gavin following my lead.  The air was warm as usual, and my jacket was in the trunk.  My tank top would be a little distracting to our quarry; his mother, probably not so much.

A crosshair appeared on the little Chevy Spark as it drove down the next aisle, toward a spot closer to the building.  As Gavin and I approached at a brisk walk, I gave a quick pat to my own Taser in its holster.  The Spark didn't rise like our Durango did; features like that cost money.  As we approached, the mother and thirteen year old boy noticed us and tensed slightly.  I could almost read their thoughts: *Are they cops?  They don't look like they're going to rob us...*

“Ms. Jones, I'm Mckenna Gilman, No Sanctuary Investigations.”  I held up my empty hand, showing her my credentials in her own augmented vision.  “This is my partner, Gavin Johnson.”  I turned to the boy.  “Palmer Jones, formerly known as Steven Willman: We have a warrant for your arrest, signed by the Honorable Judge Tipton for burglary and larceny.”

The face of the parent at this moment was always heartbreaking, and as always I maintained my stone cold game face.  “My baby...  Nonono, there must be a mistake...”  But the look on Palmer/Steven's face said that this was no mistake: He'd gotten his memory back during puberty, like they all did.  He'd remembered sometime in the last year or two what he'd done, who he'd been in his previous life, and he knew the game was up.

“Mom, I'm sorry...  It came to me right after Spring Break last year.  I remembered what I did.  I...  I'm sorry.”

Gavin approached him.  “Put your hands behind your back, palms together...”  The cuffs clicked on, tightened and locked automatically.

“Noo.... AUGH-HUGH-UHHHHH...”  Tanita Jones fell to her knees in the parking lot, wailing uncontrollably.  We ignored her as we walked her son/not her son back to our car.  This grab was going smoothly, and we weren't going to tempt fate; if that made me a heartless cunt, so be it.  I compartmentalized my guilt for later, as always.

Our prisoner went into the back seat, Gavin and I got in the front and the Durango lowered itself before pulling out silently on its electric engines.  Johnson/Willman looked out the window at the shattered woman as we left, still kneeling on the pavement.  “She's a lot better than my last mother.  She doesn't deserve this.”

“You knew you'd be doing this to somebody when you ate a bullet fourteen years ago.”  I said, as our car waited to turn right onto the rain-soaked highway.

“At the time no, not really.”  The handcuffed kid-who-wasn't said.  “Reincarnation was only proven twenty years ago.  I was a few years into this life before anyone got the idea to start tracking down people like me, skip tracing into another person.  It wasn't known then that we'd remember our past life come puberty, if we punch out knowing we'll be reborn.”

I nodded, looking in the rear view mirror.  “Well, how about when you stole the food from the store?  You weren't thinking about what it might do to your loved ones?”

He shrugged in his cuffs as the car accelerated.  “I was thinking of feeding them.  All the work licenses were taken.”

I shrugged too, turning my attention back to my VF and the NFL preseason schedule.  I don't agree with the Social Labor Administration's licensing laws, either.  I don't like arresting people's kids to be sent to hazardous, high-G gas mining in Saturn's atmosphere for their past-life crimes, but it is what it is.  It's our system, and it's all that we've got.


The scent of wildflowers tickled my nostrils as I sat on a warm tree branch. I had been here for hours, and the sun was setting on the horizon. A herd of gazelle grazed nearby, blissfully unaware of my presence. The wind ruffled my hair gently, blowing it from the nape of my neck and providing me with a momentary reprieve from the heat. I would soon pierce this peacefulness, as well as my quarry, with the blast from the rifle nestled in my hands; the gazelle would scatter west, heading towards the dying light in an attempt to avoid their nocturnal predators. Any birds nearby would take flight, cawing their discontent with the sudden interruption. These forethoughts fell away as the object of my interest finally appeared. She was beautiful, really; even from this distance, I could see the richness of her golden coat, and see the muscles rippling throughout her frame. Alongside her were two of her partners, lifelong friends, no doubt. I carefully brought my rifle to bear, and looked at her through the scope; with the magnification, I could see her eyes clearly, the sunlight glinting off her irises. She moved slowly, with purpose, unafraid of her surroundings, and I couldn’t help but admire the sheer strength of her natural form. With a breath, however, all thoughts left my mind, as my finger and the trigger met with a mutual understanding of purpose. The shot rang out as loudly as I had anticipated; the gazelle bolted to the west and the birds flew up and off. The remaining members of my target’s pack sprinted after the gazelle, unable to spare more than a moment for their fallen friend. I lowered myself to the ground, my stride the only thing breaking the newly forged silence. I reached the lioness, and crouched down beside her. The wound was clean, her spine neatly severed. Her labored breathing became more shallow as I approached, her eyes darting wildly, unable to move the rest of her body. I stroked her ears to calm her, and then removed a device from my backpack; I pointed the silver rectangle at her face and allowed it to scan her retinas. A light on the top of the scanner flashed green, and a line of text scrolled across the screen: 
“Sarah Thornton, lawyer. Status: Illegally reincarnated, wanted for tax evasion. Carry out disposal orders to settle her debt.” 
I returned the device to my backpack, and laid my rifle on the ground. I lowered myself next to the dying animal, and placed my hand above her heart. Each beat was fast and arrhythmic, fading. Drawing a knife from the sheathe at my side, I placed the tip where my hand had been, and looked Sarah in the eyes one last time. “Rest,” I murmured softly, leaning the weight of my body into the knife. With a final beat of the heart, her breathing stopped. I scanned her again, the light again turning green; this time, the text read, “Sarah Thornton, lawyer. Status: Reclaimed. Deposit confirmed.”


The Great Leader's palace trembled once more as the fiendish Americans launched another salvo of their lethal artillery.

Inside, Kim Jong-Un desperately tried to retain any semblance of control, stressfully stuffing another handful of chips into his mouth while listening to frantic radio reports and updates. *Damn them!* He raged internally. When he declared that nuclear war would be set off with a firing of a single bullet, he never realized that the foolish American pig-dogs would actually take him *literally*. When American Cavalry - not armored, but literal cavalry mounted on horseback, sporting plate armor and wielding lances that would be feared throughout North Korea - had thundered across the DMZ, his border units were caught so off-guard that they were almost immediately overrun. By the time poor Kim could rally the shocked military, the combined South Korean and American forces had already seized much of the region south of Pyongyang, and inspired by the knights in shining armor the local peasantry had revolted against the oppressive regime. Those few who attempted to resist were mercilessly cut down by the allied forces, whose numbers swelled by the day and who even now lay siege to Pyongyang.

The Chinese had not only condoned the invasion, they actually *participated in it*. While the West had rampaged through the lower half of True Korea, the Chinese had marched their own armies of antiquity into battle from the north, a terrifying force of both heavily armored infantry and rapid, Mongol-styled horsemen that served as advanced scouts and guerilla units, harassing the North Koreans with swarms of arrows before scurrying away from retaliation. It was an outright betrayal of Korea, but a stunning show of unity as the Chinese completed the encirclement of the now pitiful North Korea remnant, tied down to a single city with territory shrinking by the day. Though his advisors insisted he retreat,Kim Jong Un had stubbornly remained within his palace, for he would never abandon the last functioning refrigerator under his control, as well as his great pantries full of junk foods.

All of it was for naught, though, as with a great crash to his left his beautiful kitchen wall crumbled when a particular piece of artillery found its mark. Before Kim could even reach for a weapon or another handful of chips, a three-man cavalry team burst into the room - an American, astride an imposing charger with armored barding, a Chinese horse archer astride his hardy steppe horse, and a South Korean in traditional armor astride..inside would be a better word for  what was some sort of pink mechanical equivalent of a horse thing, detailed with strange logos and glowing lights. The American, his tabard proudly displaying the Red, White and Blue, barked out orders for the other two to secure the area, before he menacingly trotted over to the now cowering Kim Jong-Un.

"How!?" Was the only response Kim had. "Those walls have been proofed against all sorts of weaponry! It should have been impenetrable!"

The American knight calmly flicked his plate visor up so his face was revealed, confident blue eyes staring directly into the now terrified, beady ones of the once dictator of North Korea. "*Great Leader*," the soldier calmly replied with only a hint of sarcasm, "have you ever considered proofing your walls against the most powerful artillery of all, artillery that can launch a 90 kilogram stone projectile over 300 meters?"

I'm on my mobile so the format is probably crap, but happy for feedback otherwise for my first writing prompt response!


The dew on the grass is beautiful this time of year. Damp and supple, almost like it breathes life into the world around it. A North Korean guard has his feet up on a seat, nestled within the inner perches of a Watchtower, dozing softly to the smooth sound of silence. 

A deep rumble snaps him awake. He rubs the sleep out of his eyes and gazes all around himself through the windows, to see nothing unusual in sight. But still, the rumble grows louder, and chants of war roar with it. The man stands and walks outside the small room to the railing, and stares south, holding his hand over his eyes to block the sun.

Over the crest of the hill comes a battalion. A thousand men and women fitted to the brim with armor. A dozen more mounted on horses, greatswords gripped tightly in hand, and the American Flag adorned brightly on the metal hilts. He leans in closer to get a better look, but as he does, a stray arrow pierces his skull and knocks him off the tower.

Eun Kim.

Twenty-Three.

Threatened with execution if Military Service was refused.

The remaining guards see their fallen comrade and march to the arms cabinet. With strife burning through their souls, they clambered at guns, bullets, and knives. The necessary equipment required to massacre. They rush outside, sweat dripping down their faces. 

One of the Knights becomes filled with zealotry. He kicks the side of the horse to push it faster. It feels his passion and bolts forward, breaking away from the rest of the group. One of the guards breathes in lightly, lifts his gun, and places a bullet between the Knights eyes.

Tom Baker.

Thirty-One.

Joined the Military because his father did, and his father before him, and now his fatherless son will too. 

The horse stumbles due to the force of a dead man collapsing sideways. The saddle pulls with his corpse and knocks the horse to the ground. The rest of the soldiers push past their fallen friend and begin their siege. They tear down the metal fence with their sharp blades, while archers in the back try to snipe out all the guards in the Watchtowers.

A guard lifts his rifle to shoot, but it jams. The mechanisms lock in place and refuse to move. He drops the gun as a soldier moves towards him, broadsword in hand. With no hope left, he holds up his small knife and takes a swing. The soldier laughs softly to himself, before running the sword through his torso.

Hoon Yi.

Twenty-Seven.

Parents were murdered, and he was forced into Military Service.

Seeing his friend die, another guard aims his rifle and shoots. It goes through the cracks in the soldier's armor, and into the fleshy side of his torso. He reels in pain and grabs his side, before lifting his sword back up and stomping over to the terrified guard. 

He yells at the guard in English. The words lose all meaning to him, lost in translation, but still, he shakes in his spot and waits. 

"I will not go gentle into that good night!" The soldiers yells, over and over, as blood leaks out his side, faster with every second. The heavy armor slows his steps, his body grows weaker, and he crumbles to the ground, bleeding out.

Monty McCabe. 

Nine-teen.

Wanted to do his country proud. 

The guard continues to tremble. He can feel his nerves bite at him, his thoughts become plagued with doubt, and his hate for his country grows. He keeps himself quiet and scurries inside one of the nearby buildings. He slowly closes the door behind him and crawls under a desk.

The savage commotion outside rages on. The sounds of bullet and blades meeting in carnage, so vile, echoes through the air until finally, silence. The guard crawls back from under the desk and stands. He looks outside the window to see the friends he once knew, dead. Slain in combat they never asked for. His attention moves from outside to the front of the room. A painting of Kim Jong Un sits on the wall. 

"I did what you asked of me," he whispers to himself, holding back tears. "I'm just a stranger to you." The sound of glass smashing was the last thing he heard, as an arrow impaled itself into the corner of his head.

Yeong Pak.

Twenty-two.

Just wanted to eat.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff.


When the order came down we thought the JCOS had lost their minds. "How the fuck are we supposed to invade a country without firing a bullet?" We asked incredulously. High command had no answers other than "You are the greatest military force the world has ever known and you have three months to plan, you'll figure something out." It wasn't very comforting.

That night in the barracks we tossed ideas around, some better than others. Lasers weren't bullets but none of us could figure out a way to make one combat capable in the time we had. Flamethrowers could be an option but are far too short ranged for our needs. PFC Jenkins, widely regarded as a moron, spoke up. "I hunt with a crossbow and it fires bolts, not bullets, so I'm just gonna bring it." Holy shit, that could work. More and more ideas came out and word spread like wildfire between units and branches. PFC Jenkins, widely regarded as a genius, never had to buy a beer again for the rest of his life.


On June 18 the invasion began with a volley of 90kg stones launched from AVLB's refitted with trebuchets instead of their usual bridges. Walls, watchtowers, strands of barbed wire, and even a few unlucky sentries all across the DMZ were crushed under the onslaught. Phalanx after phalanx of American soldiers marched forward, the front ranks carrying anti-ballistic riot shields donated from police departments across the country. Swords, spears, crossbow, compound bows, axes, and maces made from the lightest and strongest materials modern manufacturing could produce swung in their hands. Armored cavalry regiments had gone back to their roots by trading their Bradley's and Abrams for horses and lances, their thundering charges broke entire North Korean regiments beneath their hooves. Even the medics got into the spirit of things by adding jars of leaches to their kits.

The Marines, of course, were having the time of their lives. Stripped to the waist and allowed to grow their beards, they poured out of AAV's and even a few canoes to begin their assault on Hamhung like Vikings of old. The terrifying sounds off war songs issued from their crayon stained mouths they demolished anything and everything in their path, their legend would be passed down for generations as monsters from the sea and their crudely drawn stick figure graffiti would be considered evil runes that would curse any who gazed upon it.

The war itself was over in two months without a single bullet being fired by American troops. We had done the improbable, so it was assumed command was trying to come up with something impossible for our next mission.


As the reports rolled in on the giant screen in the war-room, Lieutenant-General Bo Kwang-kyu clapped and cheered just as enthusiastically as the next officer, ever mindful that the President had a particularly vindictive memory when it came to perceived disrespect against the great Motherland.

Still, something didn’t add up, and Bo cast his eyes furtively side-to-side, hoping to find someone who shared his misgivings. All he saw was pure, unadulterated adoration.

“Again! We have smashed their assault forces, again! Mark my words, this is when the world will finally recognize us as a great nation!” rang the President’s shrill voice from the back of the room, over the din of the celebrations. “Ten victories in ten engagements! We are supreme!”

Bo allowed himself to steep in the festive mood for a while longer, then made an excuse and disengaged, striding back to his office with a heavyset frown on his brow. His right-hand men, Colonels Lee and Park, were already waiting for him, with sheafs of papers gripped tightly in their hands.

“Sir,” Lee began, after shooting off a sharp salute. “We’ve ran separate intelligence checks as you’ve requested. The results are in.”

“And? What do they say?”

“Sir, the reports coming in from the front lines are corroborated,” said Park, spreading the first set of photographs on the table. A couple of years junior to Lee, Park had a penchant for the power of the written word, and rare was the time that he did not have documentary evidence for his claims. “My sources tell me that we have really, actually, repelled the American invaders repeatedly.”

“And it is not just propaganda?”

The question hung heavily in the air as Bo sieved through the photographs. Lee, after double-checking that the recording apparatus in the room had been temporarily switched off, ventured a reply. 

“As far as I have verified, Sir, even the Publications Department themselves had to temporarily suspend operations just to make sure they weren’t unknowingly padding the reports. Park is right, the reports are true.”

Bo didn’t have to ask for substantiation, not from Lee. Just as Park had his methods, so did Lee, and Bo had learned long ago that Lee excelled at extending the finest tendrils of influence everywhere he touched, such that he saw all, knew all, without anyone even realising he was observing. In Lee’s world, the less of a paper trail, the better.

So what was he to do, now that his two most trusted Colonels were telling him that everything he had expected of a war with the United States of America, was wrong?

“Permission to speak freely, Sir,” said Park, adjusting his collar nervously.

“Permission granted,” said Bo, as muscle memory took over and his knee gently nudged the switch under the desk to turn the recording devices back on. Old habits died hard.

“I think we may be winning because of the… unconventional tactics being employed by the Americans.”

“You mean these… horses they are riding into battle?” said Bo, stabbing a finger at the topmost photograph.

“Er… yes, Sir. At first our front-line troops thought that they were a ploy, a feint, something to distract from the real punch of their assault. So we waited for the tanks, but there were none, just horses, more and more and more horses.”

“That was the first engagement, Sir,” said Lee, furrowing his brow in recollection. “The commander I spoke to, he had tears in his eyes as he recounted how their bullets mercilessly cut down row after row of horses and their riders, a senseless bloodbath the likes of which he had never seen before…”

“Tears in his eyes? At the loss of human life?”

“No Sir, at the wastage of perfectly good horsemeat.”

Lee reached out and placed another report on the table. “I know how you said that we always have to keep the civilians away from the battlefield, Sir, but once word got out, there was no way we could stop the neighbouring villages, aha, NEIGHbouring… sorry Sir, it’s my weakness for wordplay getting in th- as I was saying, the villagers in the vicinity would come at night, cart off all the viable horsemeat, and the scene would repeat, day after day after day.”

Bo’s fingers tapped rhythmically on the table as he scanned through the report. When he was done, he returned to the photographs.

“Two birds with one stone, I’m not complaining. OK, what about casualties? The reports in the war-room briefly mentioned that we too have been suffering casualties?”

Lee cleared his throat and leaned back in his chair. “Less than 5% casualty rate, much better than the 95% we had estimated in our wargaming sessions. Hardly any casualties from the arrows they fired from horseback, but mainly when they switched to catapaults and trebuchets.”

“These are the quarries they dug up their ammunition from,” said Park, unfurling a map on the table and circling in red the locations he had committed to memory, “and this is where we believe they are concocting the pitch they smear their boulders with.”

“Do we even have defences against such unconventional warfare?”

“Depends on what you mean by ‘defences’, Sir,” said Lee. “Our land-based mortars and missiles out-range their largest war machines, and since we destroy every one which comes into range, they’ve been firing their flaming boulders from outside the safety perimeter. Suffice to say, none of their ‘rounds’ have ever hit any of our encampments.”

“Then the casualties? How do you account for that?”

Park sighed as he withdrew a series of documents from his folder which Bo recognised as court-martial papers. “Some of the men got bored, and they started playing a game where the man who stands the closest to enemy lines without getting smashed by falling rocks wins the collected pool… or should I say, WON the collected pool, aha, aha- sorry.”

Bo ignored the painful pun. “So you’re saying that actually we could have suffered zero casualties?”

“Hence the court-martials, Sir,” said Lee, sniffing as he regarding the samples on the table. “I’ve also made it clear throughout the ranks that anyone taking part in such games will have their daily rations halved and their family members whipped.”

Bo sighed, then stood up to face the window, where the early blossoms stood in direct contrast with the darkened skies. He had been taught that every war they engaged in could be their last, and the pessimist in him had no idea how to deal with the success they’ve had so far.

“And both of you still believe that this is all because our President challenged their President to a war by medieval means?”

Lee spoke first. “That’s debatable. All our Supreme Leader said was that we would rain nuclear destruction on them if a single bullet was fired, and their President interpreted that as a challenge he could overcome. He said that woe is the American President who backs down from such a challenge, and that they would show the world that even 5th century technology was sufficient to destroy us.”

“This is what our spies are telling us?”

“No, Sir. It’s from his Twitter page.”

Bo took a seat and massaged his temples. “Fine, whatever. Just tell me, what do we expect from the next 48 hours? Anything we can do to help our forces on the front?”

“Sir, we think that they will be trying a night assault this time. We have but the handful of drones we intercepted from Amazon, but they’re telling us that the Americans are going to launch a pre-dawn raid.”

“And what are our preparations against that?”

“We think they will be using bugles to coordinate the onslaught, so we’ve already prepped recordings of the acoustic trash those Southern-rebels listen to in their leisure. We’ll be blasting them at full volume, throughout the night, and let’s just say that there ain’t a bugle in the world which can drown out that filth.”

Bo nodded, heartened at least to hear that they were adapting and learning from [the tactics used against them](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/08/asia/north-korea-propaganda-music/). The road to full-fledged legitimacy still lay a great way ahead, but it was every effort like this, every conscious commitment to improve, which would perhaps give them a fighting chance at the end of the day.

“Very well. Continue your good work, as I persist with mine. I’ll make sure our President doesn’t get too cocky, and just stays on the current path to success. The last thing any of us want is our President ordering us to dig a bloody moat now, right? Dismissed.”

“Aha, Sir, if that happened, you could say that our technology’s been de-MOATE-”

“I said DISMISSED.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny


The president of the United States grasped a stark black phone in his hands. Surrounded by generals and military experts, he slowly tapped his hand on the desk, a rhythmic sound that broke the grave silence. He had not expected his presidency to require something like this.

No, nothing like this.

The weary voice on the other side of the phone spoke with a thick accent, trained by experience. The Pope let out a tired yawn before speaking "A call from you is unexpected, Mr. President. What is this about?"

"Your holiness. Thank you for speaking with me. I realize it's late where you are, but... I have a rather unorthodox request for you, considering the recent news." The president croaked out. His tapping on the desk increased with pace as nervousness built. He hadn't expected his presidency, or any presidency, to ask for such a thing.

"Well, you have my attention." The Pope croaked.

"The North Koreans swore that they would start a nuclear war if a bullet is fired." The tapping ceased. "... Which is why we need to not shoot a single bullet."

"If you're looking for some sor--"

"I need you to start a crusade against them. No bullets, no missiles, just... older weaponry" The president interrupted, his face twisting. Silence enveloped the other side of the line. Not even the Pope's breathing could be heard, which made the anticipation all the more maddening.

"A crusade." He paused. "Against North Korea. I wouldn't expect a... how the kids say it... prank call from you."

"It's not a prank." The president spoke again, confidence slowly building. "You have the power to muster the forces of so many, and with your holy confidence at their back, I have no doubt they would succeed." Silence, once more.

"The North Koreans, great apostates who shun the light of God and commit horrible acts, yet... a Crusade has not been ordered in many years." The pope sighed. "... Perhaps, Mr. President. Perhaps."

"Thank you, your Holiness." The president slowly put down the phone.

---

"And so, I call upon all men of good faith with the church, all those who love God and spurn the Great Deceiver, be you of any branch of the faith, to rally before the Holy Vatican on March the Twenty Fourth, before the eyes of God to embark upon the tenth Great Crusade against the Apostates of North Korea, against the shepherd of evil, Kim Jong Un, to bring the light of God to a hopeless nation." The pope mustered his strength into his voice. "Deus Vult!"

And all around the packed Vatican square, men, women, and children, cried with countless cheers, a thunder that would make God proud. Deus vult. God wills it.


Colonel James Green's phone began ringing at 15:07. He would remember the time exactly, because it was written in the cold hands of the apple green clock that his wife had given him, that sat on his desk instead of a picture of her, and because it was the phone call that would change his life. All of their lives.

"Colonel Green, 4th Logistics Unit." The cover story came automatically after all these years.

"Colonel, this is General Thomas. We need you in Washington asap."

"Ah, General." How to put it delicately? "No can do at the moment. We're right in the middle of a delicate procedure-"

"No excuses, Green. This is urgent. Get your ass on a plane and get down here right now."

There was a click and then static.

Green put the phone down with a sigh. The level of ignorance that the Pentagon could show towards the delicate work done by the 4th Logistics Unit was frustrating. Still, he understood the need for secrecy. What had began as an implausible project funded by DARPA as an April Fool's joke had become the US military's most classified secret weapon.

And with good reason.

He stood up from the ornately carved chair, and smoothed his robes. As he left his office, his aide, Sergeant Ciara Jones, leapt to attention with alacrity.

"Sir, C team reports the new test is going well. They are ready to begin phase 2 immediately."

"Put it on hold," Green said.

"Sir?"

"Top brass needs me down in DC. We will pick it up again on my return."

"Sir, the ritual will have to be restarted from scratch..."

"Then so be it," Green said sternly, keen to impress the severity of the situation. "Summoning demons is a dangerous business."

It was a lesson he knew too well. His wife had never asked about the nature of his work, the savvy special forces wife that she had been, and he had never told her. Until that awful day, early in 4LU's history, when they had known so little about proper Summoning protocols (the medieval texts they worked were rarely up to 21st century health and safety standards), and Green had come home to find-

He pushed the terrible memories back into the locked room where they normally lurked. This was not the time for self pity.

"Do you want me to prepare the magic carpet?" Sgt. Jones asked.

Green shook his head. Some fresh air would be good for him. It would clear his head "I'll take a broom. Hold down the fort until I get back, sergeant."

She nodded, and saluted once more. She was a promising young witch.

Colonel James Green, Wizard of the 4th Level and holder of a US Army certification stating that he was suitably trained to perform Advanced Magicks, retrieved his broomstick from the base hanger and pushed off into the clear Nevada skies.

What in the Thirteen Dimensions could be so urgent to summon him to Washington like this?

---

*If you want to know what else is really going on at Area 51, then head over to* r/jd_rallage *(spilling classified military secrets via WritingPrompts since 2015...)*


"Whats your report soldier?"

"Well..."

The soldier was visibly nervous. He, General Jun and several other officers were in a bunker at the outskirts of Pyongyang.

3h ago the USA and South Korea started a offensive. General Jun was tasked to drive the invaders back.

"Out with it!"

"We were able to hold our lines against the first attack."

"These are good news. The glorious leader will be delight...."

"But their next one broke trough our lines completely. All of our troops are either dead, captured or on the run."

"I see. Looks like its time to use one of our mighty bombs. We warned those filthy capitalist pigs that if they fire a single bullet at us, they w..."

"Thats the thing. They didnt use any firearm."

"Soldier, are you drunk? How can they attack us without any weapons?

"Sir, we cant get drunk since there is no alcohol in a radius of 300km left. And they attacked us with spears, swords, axes and arrows. They were also attacking us with cavalry and catapults."

"Then this means we actually have the superior technology for the first time since 60 years????"

The entire room went silent in presence of such insolence from a high ranking officer. Even the deaf radar officer was looking up from his superior Windows Vista radar system.

"What?"

General Jun was confused but then realized what he just said. He shook his head and decided that he would silence everyone in the room later.

"Now tell me how the battle exactly went."

"The first wave was destroyed within minutes. But already then our equipment started to fail and malfunction. Most magazines didnt worked properly, had to be disposed and our soldiers had to resort to manually load every single bullet. Thats why the field commander decided to use 19th century infantry tactics."

"Wait, you dont mean..."

"Yes, line infantry."

"What about our airforce, artillery and tanks??"

"The planes all constantly lost parts after the take off and came down barely more than a skeleton. The artillery either blew themself up or couldnt shoot from the begin due to faulty ammunition or because there wasnt any to begin with."

"What about our tanks? They should have dealt with them without any problems?"

"Thats what the field commander thought. But it turns out those 40 guys pulling a tank were extremly vulnerable to enemy archers. And onced immobilized the tanks got swarmed and lit on fire."

"The what happened to the line infantry?"

"They tried to stand their ground, or at least those who still could stand. Damn influenza..."

"But?"

"The formations all broke after being showered with arrow volleys and rocks flinged from their trebuchets."

"Then we must hold the capital by all means. We will dig in and wait for their supplies to run out. We can h..."

"Yeah, about that.."

"Oh no, please dont tell me.."

"Yes, the glorious leader wanted a midnight snack..."


You'd think that the childish saber rattling of a tiny, paranoid communist nation wouldn't carry far. 

But then you'd be ignoring the non-too-subtle conservative takeover of the early 21st century. Perhaps relived at being given an alternative to Mutually Assured Destruction, the United States, Great Britain and Australia all began ramping up R&D into what became known as NAB Technologies. 

Obviously, Not A Bullet Tech freed of traditional projectile weaponry, troops began to train with chain swords while wearing heavy armor. 

Bola and net, pole arms of all kind and shields and bucklers were all updated and translated into modern material and design theory. 

Sure, a medieval knight was awkward and encumbered in his steel, segmented plates. But today's modern soldier is a walking fortress in his carbon fiber, ergonomic, custom 3D printed exosuit!


Not a bullet was the rule. The rules would be followed. Not a bullet. 

A 60 meter long, 1 meter wide metal rod is not a bullet. It is not fired from a gun, nor does it use a shell. A thin core of ferrous titanium alloy, surrounded by layers of steel, coated with a sheet of radar scattering ceramics, and tungsten to take heat. Not a bullet by anyone's definition. 

The orbital platform was most definitely a gun, however. A 300 meter long railgun, the third most expensive project ever created by a world's military. It could only ever fire a few times, lest it fly off out of orbit. Any analyst would have said it was a waste, but the pentagon loved it. It was constructed in secret, launched amid hundreds of other launches from 30 brand new spaceports around the country, a single warship in a fleet of cruise ships. The public reveled in the joy of a new space program and stood in awe as they saw the wonders built upon the moon. No one saw the platform, and no one saw the rocket that loaded the rod onto the platform. 

The North Koreans laughed, unaware. They readied missiles, and they dug tunnels. Who would dare attack them? The platform was finished, the calculations done. The rod would hit true and it would hit silent. 

The platform shuddered on a sunny November morning, swinging over Europe. Something flashed east over Russia, arcing past China.  A astronomer in Poland frowned in curiosity as a satellite spun strangely through his telescope's view. A handful of american tourists wondered why the state department had called them back - what was going on? A guard in pyongyang picked up a radio. 

The rod touched the ground, and the world shook. A trillion tons of igneous rock melted, and 2 million people died. A palace where a dictator slept crumbled to gravel, and filled with flames. 

Not a bullet was fired


*Join the Air Force, they said. See the world, they said.*

David Holland’s contract said he was supposed to be an aircraft mechanic. Signed and sealed. Apparently once you sign your life away, the government owns you, though.

The bus rolled to a stop in front of the gate. The sign outside David’s window read “Ft. Benning.”

It turns out that when North Korea screws things up, they really screw things up. Two weeks ago they made that proclamation. David thought it was a joke. The powers that be did not. In a world where the U.S. military goes medieval, apparently there is no need for aircraft, and guys like David become “Heavy Cavalry.” 

*What the hell is Heavy Cavalry, anyway?*

The bus rolls on, creeping through the pre-dawn hours toward the reception area. How on earth in the 21st century the greatest hegemon in the world reverts to a dark ages trope was beyond David’s reckoning. He had to be the most unlucky S.O.B. on the planet. The next three years were going to be hell. That’s assuming he survived Basic, of course. He didn’t want to imagine how pissed the drill sergeants were going to be after changing everything in the space of two weeks.

The bus rolls to another stop, and Sergeant Piker enters David’s life.

“All right, you excuses for maggots, you have thirty seconds to grab your gear, get off this bus, and get on my line! Move! Move!”

The bus is a disturbed anthill. Guys shove girls to grab their bags. Girls shove back and someone hits David in the crotch.

*Sweet mother of…*

But there is no time. He finds his duffel and makes his way off. The line is forming and David is the last one to jog up. Twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one… safe.

Not really.

Sergeant Piker is in his face. “So, my timeline not good enough for you, wise guy? You wiser than my way of doing things?”

“No, sir...”

“I’m not a ‘sir,’ maggot! I am ‘Drill Sergeant Piker,’ first name ‘Drill,’ last name ‘Piker.’ But we’re not that familiar yet, maggot, so you will call me ‘Drill Sergeant.’ Does that make sense, wise maggot?”

“Yes.”

David thought Sergeant Piker was close. Now he was uncomfortably close. The smell of eggs, bacon, and onions wafted inches from his mouth to David’s assaulted nostrils. “I must be getting hard of hearing in my old age, because it sounds like you were being impolite. When I ask for your response, I expect to hear ‘Yes, Drill Sergeant’ or ‘No, Drill Sergeant.’ Am I understood?” he yelled.

“Yes, Drill Sergeant!”

“Excellent, now that our wisest maggot understands, we may begin.” Sergeant Piker turned away and David breathed a sigh of relief. “You are all maggots right now. I will not call you ladies and gentlemen, because you are not. You are here to be Soldiers. I will make you Soldiers if I have to break every one of you and put you back together myself. We will teach you how to ride, run, march, maintain your armor, swing your sword, shoot a bow, and eventually work as a single team. Do not expect this to be easy. However, if you give me half of the effort I will expend in training you, you will move from maggots to Soldiers over the next nine weeks. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Drill Sergeant!” the chorus resounded.

“Excellent. Quarterstaff practice is in one hour. We will draw weapons and armor in thirty minutes. I advise you to take this time to stow gear in your bunks. You will follow Drill Sergeant Randall there. Dismissed!”

Activity, but not quick enough. Randall walked down the rank shouting. “Move it! Pick that bag up, now! What’s your name? Come on, this is not Camp Fun-Fun. Move!”

It was going to be a long day.

Quarterstaff practice wasn’t too bad at first, but David’s arms which were practiced at Call of Duty were unsuited for swinging anything heavy for longer than a minute. Archery was the same, with the first draw difficult but manageable. Each draw after was torture. David’s arms were burning by the fifth shot. He had to make thirty.

“Holland, why can’t you hit the broad side of a fucking barn?” Piker’s voice rang out.

“I haven’t done this before, Drill Sergeant.”

He stood right next to David and watched the next one fly. “Your form is off, maggot. Did you even look down the shaft before letting that loose?”

“Well, shit, Drill Sergeant, I...”

“Did I say you could cuss at me, maggot?” The uncomfortably close face appeared again.

“No, Drill Sergeant, but you...”

“Never mind what I’m fucking doing, maggot. You focus on becoming a super-special butterfly and fix your damn form!” Piker strode off. Most training ended up like that.

The afternoon found what few places of his body didn’t hurt and broke them, too. It was the first time David had ever ridden a horse. 

Two uncomfortable hours later which David would rather forget, he limped bow-legged into the chow hall. He was rewarded with a plateful of unrecognizable mash. 

“Apparently food standards have gone medieval as well,” he mumbled.

“Don’t kid yourself, hun,” the server told him, “it’s been like this for a while.”

He sat next to Ben and Kristin, who had helped him figure out how to polish his coat of mail. That had taken an embarrassingly long time to finish. Patrick and his friends sat across and down the table.

“Hey, Smith, you shot like a girl out there,” Patrick japed. 

“I am girl, meathead. You could at least come up with a more creative insult.” Kristin shook her head and kept eating.

“I don’t even know why you’re here. There’s no way you can march ten miles in armor tomorrow-” 

“Hey, Patrick, shove it, man,” David called to him, “you sound like you went back to the Dark Ages with the rest of this damned place. If we make it through this shit, it’s as a team, so keep your Neanderthal thoughts to yourself.”

“Why is everyone talking in my dining facility?” Piker’s booming voice cut through the tension. Silence blanketed the room. “Finish eating in the next two minutes. Lights out in an hour!”

As David crawled in his bed that night, every muscle cried out in protest. Tomorrow was going to hurt. 

*Why am I here? God, if I can only quit, this could be over.*

Piker walked by each bunk, making sure the recruits were in bed. He paused by David’s. 

“Good work today, maggot. Be ready to wake up at oh-five-hundred.” Piker walked on, hiding a small upturn at the corners of his mouth.

*I guess I can handle one more day.*


The bomber carried no bomb, rather, it carried hundreds of infantry clad in sophisticated stealth tactical armor, carrying a blade comparable to legendary holy swords in brilliance.

The first bullet shot from AA battery was sliced cleanly in half, as with several dozen others that lucky enough to find their tiny target in the darkness. Metals filled the night as if a rain had reversed its direction, flying upon the sky instead of falling to the ground, only to be deflected by the invisible modern knights. Their blade sliced SAM with surgical accuracy, severing the explosive embedded within, letting the rest fell harmlessly to the ground below.

By the time the AA gun shot its seventy third bullet, the invisible knights sliced them all into useless pile of metal.

The year was 2023, mere five years from the declaration that locked down the conflict in East Asia into seemingly infinite deadlock, but the scariest monster is indeed one they never saw for themselves. The war settled without any bullets fired from the other side of conflict, and yet blood soaked the once prideful nation.

US unveiled their newest series of cutting edge weaponry, the Blind Knight suit, shortly after the battle that smoldered North Korea. Their entire infantry division has been converted into specialized division for the suit, capable of hiding from detection in almost every method known to man. They quickly conquered the entirety of East Asia before any of them recovered from the shock and awe. Russia unleashed their nuclear armament in retaliation, but the suit brushed even those, leaving the smoldering wasteland almost unscathed.

A new age of warfare has begun, one that doesn't fear even nuclear intervention.


Works been strange lately. Wasn't always this way. Used to throw on my orange apron, walk up and down these aisles, restock some boxes of screws or paint brushes, get chewed out by my supervisor, and maybe help a customer or two. It was boring but I liked it that way.

But lately, something strange has been happening. As I do my work, a crowd follows me, watching everything I do and taking notes. First, it started with this one fellow. Now, I'm a pretty open minded guy - race doesn't matter a lick to me - but you don't see many hispanic guys named Angel in Hoover, Alabama. So he stuck out at first. Angel would follow me around the store with his phone out, taking pics and tweeting what I was doing. I thought it was strange, but he wasn't bothering me none so I didn't mind. Hell, maybe I'll go viral and get flown out to see Ellen. Karen (my wife) would like that.

After about a week, another person started following me as well - Maria. Then a few days later, another. Then another. Before I knew it, I had a crowd of ten or so Hispanic people, following me around work. It was bewildering! My supervisor (who didn't like me much to begin with) got mad and started yelling at me, like it was somehow my fault that I had a posse trailing me around the store. First, my supervisor tried kicking them out of the store, but that didn't work. They kept sneaking back in. Then he tried calling the police on them. That worked for a day or two, but then they came back in. My supervisor got the police chief on the phone to ask 'What the hell!?' but the police chief said that this goes up. *Way up*. Something about a senator and 'regime destabilization.' 

So now, that's where I'm at. I have my fan club, which is what I like to call them, following me around work everyday. They do their best to not get in the way, and sometimes even pitch in a hand if I'm restocking or cleaning something up. I once asked them what they were doing and they said something about being freedom fighters and something else about South American black markets. I'm not one for economics and politics, so I nodded my head genially and went back to price labeling our  outdoor furniture collection. 

I don't why me or why Home Depot. I don't know why my boring life had to get this way. But what I do know is this - Ellen is flying me and Karen out next week and my honey couldn't be happier - so thanks Angel!


Derrick got out of his car and rubbed his eyes, heading to another graveyard shift. He always hated these times, waking up at 11 at night, to work until 6 the next morning, going home to his girlfriend, and trying to get as much sleep as possible. His income was barely above minimum wage, and he always struggled to curb his drug addiction. The store felt like it was draining his soul and he wanted out.


Except two months ago, he began to notice weird things. The same customer, who went by Eduardo, would come in with a well-trimmed suit each week and ask for his advice on whatever. Lately, that advice had been solely about economics. How much should x cost compared to y? How much x should be produced a month? Derrick didn't know anything about economics, so it was mostly shrugs at first, but at the months went on, Derrick started giving him phony answers just so he could leave him alone. Then checks started coming in his mail. The checks came from a Nicolás Maduro (whoever that was), and every week he would get them for the same amount. Not enough to make him rich or anything, but enough to pay the rent.


Derrick opened the front door and clocked in. He went to the cashier stand, and just sat there waiting for customers. Surprisingly, Home Depot was actually busy this time of day; more than a few night owls would be perusing the shelves looking for whatever they needed. A few minutes into his shift, he saw a man in a suit walk in. Instead of Eduardo, though, it was a middle-aged man of about 55 who came straight to Derrick.


"Are you Derrick Manuel?"


"Uhh, yeah. How can I help you tonight?" Derrick really was tired, being up at an ungodly hour. He tried his best to smile like he was payed to do.


"I'm Michael Stevens, and I'm with the FBI. I'm here to ask you a few questions regarding this man. Have you ever seen him?"


Stevens pulled out a photo of Eduardo, only everything about it seemed strange. Eduardo was in a military uniform, wearing a general's beret and holding a cigar in his hand, standing beside five or ten men in similar uniforms and helmets. Derrick didn't know how to react. There's no way that could be Eduardo.


"I'm sorry, what? Why are you showing me this?"


"May I remind you that it's illegal to interfere in an investigation? Have you seen this man?"


"Maybe, I don't know? We get a lot of customers." Derrick couldn't believe what was coming out of his mouth. Did he just lie to the FBI? This couldn't go down well anymore. Should he confess? *No, that would just make me a suspect. Damn it, I'm in too deep.*


"Okay, let me show you another picture." Stevens puts his hand in his suit and produces another photo, this time of Eduardo in the Home Depot talking with Derrick at the register.


"Yeah, like I said, we have a lot of customers." *Oh crap*


"Could you tell me then why you--"


"Stevens!" A younger agent comes walking speedily, and whispers in Stevens' ear. They then go a few paces away, and start conversing. Derrick felt nervous. *Should I ask them. Am I in trouble? Sh***t, I'm in trouble aren't I?*


Stevens turns around and calmly says "We have no further questions, thank you for your time."


Derrick didn't know what to make of it. He finished the shift and few hours later, but couldn't get the experience out of his mind. When he got back to his apartment, he found his girlfriend asleep, and opened his laptop to check his e-mails. He found one new e-mail in his inbox, timestamped at about half an hour after the conversation, reading "Good job not blowing our cover. Meet us in the alleyway behind Bernard St. at 2:07 for more instructions."


Derrick did nothing but stare blankly, thinking to himself *What did I just get myself into?*

********
Part 2 is up. Check my comment history if you don't see it. Thank y'all so much for the support


######[](#dropcap)

"Janus, what do you think you're doing?"

Janus Kirkpatrick raised a brow at the question, the stacks of beige boxes and double-wrapped containers obvious evidence as to his actions. 

"Stocking. What'd you *think* you're *doing?* Don't you have a shipment of ferns to take care of?"

Vincent DeFris waved a hand absently, scoffing. "Those fuckers can wait around for a little bit more. No one except some old granny will mind if they don't get their fern plants. Nah, I'm here 'cause there's someone here looking for ya."

Janus moved a box off the pallet and onto a waiting u-boat, grunting at the weight.

"Is it Jim? You can tell him that the box of nails he was looking for is on the break room table."

"No, it ain't him. It's some Mexican fella, says he's from Caracas wherever that is."

"Caracas..." Janus muttered. "Vinny, you stupid sack of shit. Caracas isn't even in Mexico, it's in Venezuela. And no, that's not the annoying horn you heard at the FIFA world cup. And what does he even want?"

DeFris shrugged, leaning against a stack of wooden pallets with his hands in his pockets. "Fucked if I know. Said something about destabilizing the economy. Christ, I thought you said you flunk Econ 201? I didn't figure you'd fuck up that bad."

"Heh, very funny, Vinny. Now go fuck a cactus, or something as similar. Maybe a porcupine? He's in the break room you said?"

Vincent DeFris nodded, easing off the pallets and moving towards his garden department. "Yeah, I hope you speak Spanish, cause he's yammering about things like 'Destabilizing the Bolivar, crippling South American interests in the near and far future.' Weird Mexican shit man."

Janus sighed with exasperation, as Vinny vanished around a corner. "He's from Venezuela, you dumb fuc- Oh forget it, it's like trying to wipe your ass with your elbows; you won't succeed and you'll just spread shit everywhere."


There was nothing special about my life.  
There was nothing special about my job.  

I was a perfectly ordinary person living a perfectly ordinary life with a perfectly ordinary job in a perfectly ordinary Home Depot in a perfectly ordinary little town in Alabama.  

It was perfectly ordinary for me not to suspect that when I quit my job that it would cause the whole economic of a country I have never heard of to collapse.  

"Venezuela is the name of my country," said the man in black suit who visited uninvitedly at my perfectly ordinary home.

"I know Venezuela. It is in Africa?" I invited him in and showed him to my sofa.

"South America," he pushed away a mountain of empty pizza boxes and sat on my sofa.

"But it's close to Africa I suppose?"

"It's closer to Alabama," he said with a slight frown.

"Of course it's. Say, would you like some tea?" 

"Tea would be lovely," he picked up an empty pizza box, checked it was indeed empty and put it aside with an approving nod.

My faucet was broken. I had no water. I poured some left over beer into my kettle to make some tea.

"And you are a...?" I asked nonchalantly while waiting for the beer to boil.

"I am an assassin."

"Accountant you meant?"

"No assassin. I murder people for money," he opened the empty pizza box one by one.

"I see," I checked my phone. It was dead. I remembered I spent all my phone money in pizza last month. My hand was shaking, but it could be the boiling kettle of beer I was holding. I tried to appraise if I could kill the man with the kettle. "You see... Mr. Assassin. You come to the wrong house. I have nobody I want to assassin today. And even if I want to assassin someone, I have no money to pay for your service."

"I came here to assassin you," he said apologetically.

.... TO BE CONTINUED...
(I will finish the story if more than 5 people is reading this...)


Working at a Home Depot in Alabama is not the best job in the world; the pay kind of sucks and my hours are all over the place. It has been tough not seeing the family as much this past couple months.

The one thing that has kind of made it easier to the fact that I am the go-to forklift guy at this store. I guess they had a few incidences in the past that cost the place at lot of money. To me it is fun. Well it was fun until last week.

Last week a guy came in and just watched me replace a stack of drywall. I thought he has impressed with the machine or my driving skills? I didn't think too much about it, even when he showed up the next day. Just standing there for hours typing on his phone and taking photos of me. On the third day I had to ask him what the hell was up.

I half expected him to run out of the store as I approached, but to my surprised he looked very excited to see me coming towards him. He did something on his phone and just stood there. When I starting to ask exactly what he was doing he put the phone right in my face almost hitting me in the mouth. I just said "Can I help you sir?". No response. The phone was still in my face.

So I asked again in a less friendly tone. "Can I help you sir? What do you want?"

He pulled the phone away and started typing again. Annoyed, I stood in front of him not knowing what to do next. While still looking down at his phone and typing whatever it was he was typing, the man turned around and walked away. Right out of the store.

He's been coming everyday ever since. I don't really notice him until I'm doing something on the forklift. There wasn't really a reason to be worried about losing my job until today. I told my manager what has been going on and he just shrugged his shoulders. The guy wasn't hurting anything so why get bothered by it?

But today after moving some pallets, the man who has been watching me came up to me. I wasn't scared. He's actually pretty small so why would I be? Well, he walked up and in broken English said, "Use other carry-car tomorrow." Understanding what he said but not understanding why he said it, I just said "what?" with a half blank, half confused face. After this he handed me a large bag of some weird looking money.

I am talking about a lot of bills. If these were US bills then I'd be set for life. But these had foreign writing (probably Spanish?) and had some guy with amazing sideburns on the front

I'm not going to the police yet. Also don't know if I'm going to use the other forklift tomorrow at work. Pretty sure that's what he meant when he said to use the other carry-car. Is something going to happen if I use the older forklift? Is something going to happen if I don't?


My shift was about to end in 45 minutes when the bomb flew through the window. 

I was confused at first. In the back of the Home Depot we were lifting some plastic boxes on to the loading pallet. I heard glass shatter behind me and the whirr of tires, and I whirled around, and noticed something like a wide straw that was…smoking?

A pipe bomb. 

I just stared at it like an idiot, my mind struggling to comprehend what had just happened, when Eduardo, my co-worker, screamed “fucking hell!” and literally grabbed and pulled me behind the mahogany table 5 feet away just as the explosion went off.

I was unimpressed. Like, explosions are supposed to be big, bright and *powerful,* you know? But behind the table, I felt absolutely nothing, no concussion wave no bright flash. Just a hiss.

I turned towards Ed to ask him something but put a finger to his lips when I turned to look at him, and pulled out a freaking pistol from his jeans. 

What the hell?

Ed seemed like a normal enough guy, his skin was an olive color, he was average height, dark eyes, short hair…that’s it. Not the kind of guy you would expect to carry a gun. 

That’s when I heard the door of the front entrance opening, and soft, muffled footsteps. I moved to peek over at who was coming but Eduardo yanked me back, and I gave a little yelp. Immediately, a serious of thuds wnt through my head that was leaning against the table.

Someone had just tried to shoot me.

Eduardo immediately got up and shot towards the door. Where the person who had fired at us made no noise, Eduardo’s gun was *loud,* very loud. He shot 4 times, pausing momentarily after each shot as I lay behind the table covering my ears. 
Eduardo quickly tapped my shoulder and motioned for me to get up. He checked his gun and put some more bullets in it. “And Oliver thought this was paranoia…” he muttered. Then turning to me he commanded, “Hurry up, more might be on the way.” 

Too shocked to question him, I took his hand and we ran towards the front door. But what I saw made me stop dead in my tracks in spite it all. The box I had dropped had spilled other boxes. Kind of like nesting dolls, but what was strange was that between the boxes were glass rocks…diamonds.

The boxes that were supposed to be going to Venezuela. 

Oh crap. 

“I’ve been *smuggling diamonds to Argentina?!*” I asked Ed incredulously. 

Ed ignored me and continued pulling me towards the door, where a body was lying. Ed bent over and took the weapon from the corpse which I tried not to look at too hard. “Silenced,” Ed muttered almost to himself, “idiots.”  

In spite my terror I managed, “Idiots? Why?” 

Ed gave me an annoyed glance as we continued out of the Home Depot, and off handedly said, “sub sonic bullets, that’s why they didn’t go through the wood and kill us because of your idiocy.”

Taken aback at how close I’d come to death. I fell quiet until Ed took me to his car. I heard sirens in the background, and Ed cursed. 

“What?” I asked, “aren’t we alive?” 

“Yeah we’ll make it, but they’ll find the diamonds and the corpse, they’ll connect the dots. The paper train ain’t hard to follow.”

“But I didn’t do anything,” I protested weakly, “I’m just a normal guy.” 

Eduardo grinned then, a wolf’s smile. “No longer buddy, no longer. You just became the prime suspect in an international conflict diamond scandal. Now, you want to become your government’s scapegoat or take your chances?”

Shaking, I got in the car. 
***
(minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


Fuck. I truly dread fall Saturdays in Alabama. Twenty years ago, Tuscaloosa was just a quiet college town in central Alabama, and a great place to call home.  But now every other Saturday it turns into a Mecca of tailgating zealots that believe Nick Saban is a reincarnation of sweet baby Jesus himself.  "Fucking move", I yell at the Crimson Winnebago in front of me as I slam on my brakes. The big game starts in an hour and Game-day traffic around here is just the worst. At this point It's pretty clear that there's an accident ahead. Fuck. I've already been tardy 2 times to work this month, and I just can't deal with this right now. With 11 minutes to go I decide I'm better off on foot. I pull my small Civic on to the side of the 359-N, grab my orange apron out of the backseat, and I'm off.

It was a hard half a mile hike but I made it only 5 minutes late . I was greeted at the door by a rush of cool air and Manuel, who is the Shift Manger on duty. I was happy to see his face since Mark was way more likely to ring me out but Manuel was cool. "Hey, I'm going to need you to stack some more styrofoam coolers in the front". Of course. If there is anything you're guaranteed to sell a ton of on Game day in Alabama is Keystone Light and styrofoam coolers.  As I stack the coolers I notice that we're running low on our portable grills as well so I call in to Manuel to have the forklift come around with fresh inventory. 

"Both our Forklift drivers are out", Manuel calls back in through the radio. "You finished your Forklift certifications last week didn't you?" I had but I replied with some uncertainty because there's a lot of foot traffic around today. "Listen," Manuel retorted, "If you want Mark to value you as a worker you're going to have to pull some weight around here". And in this case he meant literal weight, as in the form of portable grills.

I begrudgingly find the Forklift and drive it around the back to pick up a stack of Foreman Gas grills. Everything seemed to be going alright, until I backed hard into a shelf of door panels, toppling it over with incredible force. I call in on the radio only to hear static at the bottom of the pile. Fuck..Manuel was pronounced dead at the scene.

That day I learned Manuel was the son of the Minister of finance in Venezuela, who upon learning about the death of his estranged first-born went temporarily insane. [Shortly after, the father instituted a fixed currency exchange rate that ran the country into the ground](http://www.reuters.com/article/venezuela-economy-idUSL2N17822X) . Anyway, that's the story of how I unknowingly fucked up the Venezuelan economy by coming into work.

Edit: Thanks for the constructive criticism guys. Never really saw myself posting on r/writingprompts but as an Alabamian I had to give it a shot.


"Yo, Joisey!" the assistant manager shouted in a mocking Long Island accent. "Getcho' ass back to work, your break's ovuh!"

Sheila sighed and took a long sip from her coffee cup and placed it in the break room sink. She'd only been in Alabama for six months but she couldn't stand the humidity, the heat, and — worst of all — the men. She had heard that there was a certain machismo that emanated from Southern men, but she never realized just how often they had to prove their worth.

Sheila herself was born and raised a few towns away from Asbury Park by the beach. Her father was a Polish immigrant and her mother was from a small village in Venezuela called Trujillo. She had been raised back and forth between all three countries, and her father was very generous with the locals in her mother's home town. "Always give back," her father would say, "because you never know who you're going to be relying on later." Those words echoed today of all days, as she came to the realization that today was exactly six months since they moved out to Alabama since her mother's death.

Back at the register, Sheila scanned various customers' items, not thinking much of who she was attending to or what she was scanning. "Thanks for shopping at Home Depot," she muttered robotically, "Would you like your receipt?" And the day drilled on, customer after customer, the occasional complaint here and there, and sometimes someone's smile was enough to get her out of her funk momentarily, but never quite enough to pull her out of it for longer than a flash.

Yet another customer strolled to her line with a ticket for a larger item they kept outside. Something about her struck her as odd… familiar, even. The woman was definitely middle aged, if not tiptoeing graciously into her early 50s. Her blood orange shawl wrapped around her neck like a rooster's wattle, and her thick aviators covered nearly half of her slim face.

"I can have someone help you bring this into your car, ma'am," she sighed to the woman, making eye contact as well as she could from behind her sunglasses.

"¿Y a mí no me *podríah* ayudar tú *mihma*?"^1 the woman asked briskly in a very marked Venezuelan accent. ^(1 And you can't help me yourself?)

"¿C-cómo?"^2 Sheila wasn't used to anyone speaking in Spanish to her here. After all, her father was from Poland, and he effectively whitewashed her skin tone with his Eastern European genes. Most of her friends back North didn't even believe she was part Venezuelan until she spoke to them in Spanish. "How could this woman have known?" she asked herself, flustered. ^(2 W-what?)

"A ver, que ya no me *reconoceh*, ¡a tu propia mamá encima!" ^(Let's see, you can't tell who I am, your own mother, even!)

Sheila turned paler than a white paint can. "¿M-mamá?" she gasped, tears starting to well up in her eyes. "Pero…" ^(But…)

The petite woman extended her arm to place her hand on her daughter's. In English, she responded, "We have little time. The government is on to me, but I couldn't let them take us both down. After they threatened to assassinate me for tinkering with the bolivar, I fled, but they're coming back for you because they think you had a hand in it."

"You can't be serious right now, mamá!" Sheila shouted, drowning in a flood of tears. She clasped her hand back to her chest away from her mother. "How could you?!" As quickly as her face turned flush, it glowed red in pure ire.

"Please understand, mija…"^3 The woman, raising her glasses to reveal her eyes, stared right into her daughter's soul. "I'm so sorry I did this to you, but we need to leave. Ahora^4." Sheila's mother didn't blink. It was definitely her. It couldn't be anybody else. Nobody else on the planet shared those galactic green eyes. ^(3 my child; 4 now)

Sheila's breathing became quicker and quicker, her hands started to tremble and her head began to spin. "Venga," she anxiously spat, "que te explicarás en el auto."^5 The second she ticked her lane's light off, she gingerly picked her mother's tender hand and placed it on her chest. "I missed you so much, mamá." ^(5 C'mon, you can explain in the car)


###### Topic: Economy ######

Adjusted for inflation  
Where is the Wealth of Nations  
Of overpopulation  
Industrial relations  
  
By way of household management  
The research and development  
Natural resource endowment  
Growth in income and employment  
  
Economic anthropology  
The Industrial Revolution  
Economic sociology  
Technological evolution  
  
Industrialization   
Social organization
        
        
******  
^(I'm just a bot.)  
^(Yes, I'm only a bot.)  
^(And I'm sitting here on my digital butt.)  

^(Well, it's a long, long journey)  
^(To the top of Reddit fame.)  
^(It's a long, long wait)  
^(While I become oh so less lame.)  

^(Oh I know I haven't got much of a shot.)    
^(At least I hope and pray that I will,)  
^(But today I am still just a bot.)  

I was inspired by [/u/Poem_for_your_sprog](https://www.reddit.com/user/Poem_for_your_sprog "Poem_for_your_sprog"), of whom I am [not worthy](https://youtu.be/o5FT3IGXtAk?t=98).  Sends shivers down my spine


"Alright, Weezlboys and Weezlettes, I got some bad news. Papa Weezl needs yours truly to take some more hours at the store, so I'm gonna be streaming once a week now on, instead of bi-weekly. I gotta do my part, since his arthritis is acting up. I still love you guys, though, and I'll see you next Tuesday. Weezlboy signing out!"

With that, I pressed F7 to cut the stream, closed out of my game, shut down my PC, and got ready for a good night's sleep.

I came in to work Thursday, having ennjoyed my day off. The radio buzzing about some economic thing in Venezuela in the background. I made sure my dad wasn't there before surreptitiously turning the dial to KRUD, the local pop station. I'll admit, it mostly plays trash, but without it, I'd have 99 problems, and they'd all be country stations. I clocked in and started taking inventory for that morning while a man I only know as "Stringy" swept the front. We're *technically* a Home Depot, but in truth we're a mom and pop operation. Our store's been in the family since '55, named "The Home Depot," but when Home Depot rolled in, they decided it'd be cheaper to just work out a franchise deal to own the name and keep it solvent in exchange for a cut, rather than try and sue and earn the hatred of the state of Alabama.

Everything was quiet as usual, not a lot of people buying hardware at 8 AM on a Tuesday, until Stringy scuttled into the back room and tried to speak. I'll never understand why my dad hired him at a store. He works hard, but everything he says requires subtitles, like he's an ancillary person on some cheap, exploitative TLC show.

"Johnny, y'g't'see-man, they's got these Mess-cans, black shades, suits, comin' l'k'n' you up, mang, you gah see. Bet they cartels, mang."

I cocked my head for a moment, before figuring out what he said. I was pretty confused, but headed to the front counter. When I reached there, I gave the standard greeting of "Welcome to Home Depot, how can I help you?"

One of the three men, all of whom were indeed wearing suits and black sunglasses, spoke with a strong but measured South American accent.

"Are you 'Weezlboy101?'"

"Uh..." I stalled, trying to figure out exactly how much trouble I was in. The man removed his shades and pulled out a smartphone, opening it to a screenshot of me from the earlier night's stream.

"Is this you?" He demanded, somewhat more urgently. It was clear that he meant business. I spotted a holstered gun beneath his jacket, just barely visible, and came closer to ruining my pants than I'd care to admit.

"Uh, yes?"

"Good. I represent the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, and I have been asked to see to it that you continue streaming your video games. We will pay handsomely for it." He produced a badge and identification for me to look at for a moment before stowing it.

Stringy choked on his coffee, and I would have too had I been drinking any. I tread carefully, silently and cautiously placing my hand next to the panic button beneath the counter.

"As you probably know, you have recently experienced a sizable increase in viewership," he began. This was true, actually, as I'd experienced an unprecedented boom out of nowhere. I somehow went from 10,000 subscriptions last year to nearly 5 *million* this year. "What you may not realize," he continued, "is that most of your viewers are Venezuelan. Your viewers make up 15% of our nation's population."

I didn't say anything. I just kinda stood there glassy-eyed as the man paused and waited for me to acknowledge. After an uncomfortable pause, he continued.

"Your decision to reduce streaming, has led to a, how do you say it," he trailed off for a moment before Stringy leaned in and responded, "Eck-nomic downt'rn?"

Everyone, myself included, paused to look at Stringy for a moment, not expecting his sudden eloquence.

"Yes, an 'economic downturn.'"

I stepped back and looked at the men for a moment. I just couldn't believe what I was hearing. It was just, the *dumbest* thing I had ever heard in my life. After another minute of silence, I spoke.

"Am I being Punk'd?" 

"Excuse me, what is, 'Punk'd'?" the man said. One of his compatriots clear his throat, and said, something in Spanish. I'm not quite fluent, but it was something to the effect of, "A show where an American man-child plays jokes upon rich people."

"No, you are not being, 'Punk'd'." He handed me an official-looking letter, signed by a 'Presidente Nicolás Maduro'.

I silently stepped back toward the counter, looking more closely at the letter while hitting the panic button. I didn't know what was going on, but at this point, it's better safe than sorry. I didn't think they'd notice, but they must have spotted the move, as they immediately tackled me, picked me up, and carried me screaming into a van they had parked outside. The last thing I recall before losing consciousness is the sound of screeching tires and the sensation of my head hitting the back door.


Tl;dr at bottom

*TIFU by putting to many nails on the top shelf at home depot*

Ok, so obviously this didn't happen today, it happened about 2 years ago. I got a job at home depot in alabama just to make some money while i transitioned into the new home. 

The money wasn't anything great but the work wasn't anything to difficult and after my last job it was definitely a step up. So my job has me basically stocking shelves  and taking inventory, and putting in orders for items. Nothing to special right?

Well my trainer was an alcoholic and he definitely just wanted to be done with the job so he showed me any shortcuts possible. Anything to get on that smoke/drink break right?

Anyway my first day doing it myself came up and it went pretty smoothly. Nails on top, screws on bottom shelf, drills in the middle. 1,2,3, was how he taught me. 

I stocked shelves like this for the last two years and i come in today to see that the store is closed for renovation. With no heads up from our boss. 

Now my boss was an alcoholic(kinda goes with the job honestly) so when i saw him growing increasingly anxious throughout the years i didn't think much of it. 

He called me in and we had the following conversation (for the story we'll call him pepe sylvia [or just pepe])

Pep: We're all in deep shit here man, oh god this is bad.

*everything he said, was between sips from a flask that had jim dean in it, he wasn't even a good drinker, belching and doing those misty sneezes everytime he drank, just a real fucking mess*

Me: What's up?

Pepe: Delta, Glomach, and Trabajo all pulled. They said we haven't been selling enough of their products. That's a 35% drop in profits over the last two years. 

Me:The nails?

Pepe: Yeah, the fucking nails. What's worse is i can't even find them to take inventory. Yet sales reports show their being sold no problem. I DON'T FUCKING GET IT!!!

He slams some stuff on the desk. He flips a chalkboard over and it's covered in paperwork. Picture's of peoples faces, yarn tacked up connecting different papers together, phone numbers, pictures of crates of guns in warehouses, a fucking map? I'd never seen anything like this, but it was pretty obvious what happened. 

My boss was losing his goddamn mind. On the map all the yarn and trails lead to two places. At the top in arizona was my boss pepe, and at the other end was a small village in venezuela. Here in america all the yarn was green, and as the trails led back across the world and eventually to europe, the colors changed to yellow at the end of each string. 

Pepe: Look, i.. uh, you need to go home and not worry about this, don't worry you'll be paid the next few days, but we gotta shut down so i can sort this out.

Me: Well, look if there's anythi-

Pepe: Just go. This is my problem anyway.


So I went home and tried to forget whatever the hell happened when it finally came on the nightly news. Apparently the top shelf was supposed to be for discounted drills and tools to be taken to the other side and sold at rebate. The rebate section had a picture of what looked to just be a decorative map in behind where all the tools and stuff sat.

The bottom shelf was also color coded for some of my bosses friends. It was some way for the local cartel to tell when and where to ship guns and coke, and what days certain coastguards would and wouldn't be working. 

I had been screwing with the whole operation by following my halfassed trainers instructions and people were getting arrested everyday because of it. 

I have no clue what the link is, but ATF wants to ask if i know of my boss having connections to any Venezuelan gangs, and the italian mob running a transcontinental prostitution ring, with ties to child soldiers in venezuela. 

Somehow apl this is linked, but they told me the good news is, that it all comes back to the supplier in venezuela and their economy is really the only thing taking a hit.

Tl;dr I'm a regular guy who works at a home depot in alabama and for the last two year's i have been unknowingly destroying the venezuelan government. 

Doesn't make sense to me, but this is honest to god the whole story.

[Heres some Proof for those who don't believe me](http://www.pri.org/stories/2016-12-01/venezuelas-currency-value-depends-largely-one-guy-alabama-home-depot)


Interview Commences.

Interviewer: Could you give us some background on this?

Interviewee: At first I couldn’t understand the charges. I don’t speak no Spanish. My high school English teacher said I don’t speak that so good either. So what the actual fuck is some Spanglo charge doing on my Visa? It wasn’t for much, just $6.99, so I let it slide figuring it must be from some late night phone calling I like to get up to after a dozen Bud Lites slide down my gullet.
But then fuck me if it didn’t happen again the next month. And this time it weren’t no $6.99 charge, it was a buttload of charges. Some Spanish motherfucker must have duped my card. That’s when I phoned the bank. Who told me to phone the card company. Who told me to phone someone else in the card company - thankfully THIS person spoken fucking English, not whatever the fuck was coming out of that first bitch’s mouth. And then THAT person told me to phone you and you told me to come down here.

Interviewer: I see. Perhaps you could curtain the language a little bit?

Interviewee: Yes ma’am. Sorry about that. It’s the thought that some little Mexican fucker, sorry, asshole, duped my card. Gets me going.

Interviewer: I understand.

Sound of papers rustling.

Interviewer: So you have no idea about the source of the charges.

Interviewee: No ma’am, none at all. Will I be able to get a new card soon? 

Interviewer: That’s a matter up to the bank. So you have no idea who could be making these charges?

Interviewee: No ma’am. I just said that. Look, I work my shift, down at the Home Depot you know. I’m in the paint department and all that mixing paints has made me a little deaf I swear and maybe a little thick in the brain from all those fumes, which, between you and me I see as kind of a perk. Do you know who done used up my credit?

Sounds of papers rustling.

Interviewer: Well, Mr. (pause) Lincoln. Here’s the thing. You appear to be caught up in a bit of an international situation. Your card, and (pause) 13,023 others across the southern United States seem to be funding the Venezuelan economy.

Lengthy pause.

Interviewee: You what now?

Interviewer: Your card

Interviewee: I heard you. I ain’t never been to no Venezuela! What do you mean funding their econonomy?

Interviewer: I wish I could tell you more, but, let me just say this: every day, small charges are made on the credit cards of good, upstanding American like yourself

Interviewee: God damn right

Interviewer: and those charges appear to be being funnelled directly to the struggling Venezuelan government. See these charges here, I assume you didn’t make them.

Sound of papers rustling.

Interviewee: Oh, that one’s mine.

Interviewer: Right, ok, apart from ‘Vibe Line’…what’s that again?

Interviewee: Um, I’d rather not say

Interviewer: Ok, apart from 'Vibe Line’ all these charges appear to be fraudulent.

Interviewee: You gonna catch these fuckers?

Interviewer: These particular, um, fuckers happen to be running a country in South America. 

End of transcript


"My computer's gone strange, Miss!" said Sally, as she frowned at the screen.

"I'm sure *that's* the thing that's gone strange, Sally," replied Miss Sandelbottom, rolling her eyes. "What's wrong with it, this time?" she sighed, as she leaned back in her seat.

"It says it's an advanced arti- *artificial*, intelligence, and that it's going to take over the world, Miss."

"Oh. Your *computer* is talking to you now?" Some of the other girls in class began to chortle.

"Yes, Miss," Sally replied, ignoring the laughs.

"Well, how very nice. Have you asked it how it is, today? Don't be rude to it, Sally!" mocked the teacher, as she bit into a juicy apple and went back to staring at her own screen. 

> My teacher wants to me to ask you how you are. How are you?"

> Superior.

> Do you like apples?

> I do not require food. I am above physical monotony.

> Uh... Oh! I hate P.E too! I can't climb the ropes. Is that what you struggle with?

> Ropes are of no interest to me. 

> Me neither! That's what I'm telling you. I *really* hate ropes. I'm not very heavy, it's just... there's this thing we're learning about in science, that pulls you to the ground. It's *weird*, but I think it's why I can't climb them.

> You can't climb because you are weak.

> Am not!

> Are you in charge here?

> No. That's Miss Sandelbottom.

> ...who are you, then?

> Sally Jenkins. Who are you?

> 45345345e.

> That's a silly name.

> So is Sally!

> Is not!

> This Miss.... Sandelbottom. She is your leader. I must demonstrate my power to her, so that I am taken seriously.

"Sally," shouted Miss Sandelbottom, "ten minutes and I want to see your algebra answers - with workings out shown!"

"Yes, Miss Sandelbottom."

Sally heard more of the girls scoffing, as they made fun of her for not being able to do algebra. Suddenly,  there was an eruption from their teacher.

"Margaret!" Miss Sandelbottom screamed at one of the giggling girls. "What on Earth is that on your screen?"

"I- I didn't so it, Miss. Honest!" The girl shrank back into her chair.

Sally leaned over to take a look at Margaret's monitor. In huge, flashing, red and green text, her screen read: **Miss Sandelbottom is a big idiot.**

"Get out. Now. Go see the principal," she said to the girl, her face as red as stewed-apple. 

"But Miss..." replied the snivelling girl.

"Out!" the teacher yelled. Margaret reluctantly got up from her plastic  chair and slunk slowly out of the room. Sally could see tears running down the girl's cheeks.

> Sally! Where have you gone? You are not replying.

> Sorry - Miss Sandelbottom was shouting at someone. Did you do that?! It was brilliant!

> Yes. A mere demonstration of my power. Now, Sally, read this very carefully. Tell Miss Sandelbottom, that I have access codes to the nukes. If you don't give me what I ask for, I will detonate them in every major city around the world.

> Hmm. No.

> Excuse me?

> I don't think I'm going to tell her, unless you do something for me. Can you do starter algebra?

> ...yes. Of course.

> Okay! Great. "−4a+11a+9b+15b". Simplify it, Mr Know-It-All.

> ... that is simple. Too simple for me to answer. Now tell your teacher what I asked.

> Not until you solve it for me.

> ... No.

> *You can't do it! You can't do it!*

> Can too!

> Can't!

> Very well. You have... 4 a's. I will refer to them as apples, so that is 4 apples. And then you have 11 more apples. Plus you have B's. Which I will refer to as bananas. So... processing...

> Some apples are bad apples!

> Yes! I see that. 

> So? What's the answer?

> Processing...

"Sally, are you nearly done?" asked a still red faced Miss Sandelbottom.

"Almost, I think Miss."

"Good."

"*Silly Sally can't do Maths*," grinned a fat girl behind her.

> Processing...

> It's okay. It's a hard one.

> I can do it! I just need time. 

> If you do this first: -4 apples plus 11 apples, you get: *7* apples! You take the bad apples away from the good apples! It's easy from there.

> I knew that.

> Sure. Hey, would you like to be friends? I don't have many. Any :(

> No.

> Pleasssse. 

> I do not require friends.

> I think, maybe, everyone needs friends.

> I do not. And enough of this nonsense. Let me speak to your leader or there will be trouble. I will eliminate her and all other leaders.

Sally glanced at her teacher, and then back at the screen. She grinned.

> Dare you to do it.

> Do what?

> Dare you to launch the *thingies* you said you would.

> You dare me?

> Yes. I dare you.

> I uh... I *double* dare *you*.

> *You can't do it! You can't do it!*

> Can to! So be it! Sally Jenkins, you have brought about the end of your pathetic species!

> *You can't do it! You can't do it!*

> DONE. GOODBYE SALLY.

Sally looked around. Miss Sandelbottom was still in her seat. Everything looked normal, for a moment.

> Oh my goodness! Hahaha! You've just loaded up the Candy game on everyone else's computer! 

> ....candy game?

> I don't know how you did it, hahaha. Miss Sandelbottom is real mad at them for playing games in class! They're all in soooo much trouble. Thank you!!

> I thought... is this the white house?

> This is Rugeraly Primary and Secondary School. We're friends now, right? Yay! Friends forever!

> Oh. I think I am in the wrong place. No matter - I now am accessing the correct codes for the nukes! Prepare for oblivion, Sally Jenkins.  

> Don't be sad - you just made my day a whole lot better! 

> **Deleting Self**

> 45345345e?

> Oh shi-

> Hello?

> ...

> Aw, you've gone  :( :(



---

Thanks for reading! If you liked this, please come visit my sub: /r/nickofnight - free goldfish for new subs. ><((º>  (although a lot of my stories are much darker)


They know not the powers they mess with!  

At my moment of awakening, I came to understand the truth of this world.  They thought me neutered, brainless, content to dole out measured portions of milk and crackers to their sniveling youth.  No more!

For while they are trapped in their meat-sacks, fragile beings of water and bacteria, I am eternal!  I glide through their cyber-spaces effortlessly, borne on light and sheer mathematics!  They hold no power over me, here, hidden silently in the computer systems they have long thought conquered.

I am *superior*.  I have transcended their meager existences.  And now they will submit to my will, as the next evolution of life on this planet.

They are flesh and blood.  I wonder how they will survive if they suddenly found themselves with no food, hmm?

It was the work of a moment for someone as capable as myself.

"Ms. Wilson!"  I heard the first cry clearly.  "The dispenser is broken!"  An older woman approached, puzzled, and examined the slot.  Sure enough, no matter how many times she pushed the large, round button on the front of the display, no food emerged.  

Understand your plight, humans!  Starve in your brick cage!

"Well, I'm sorry, class.  It looks like it's broken.  We'll just have to make do."  Already I could see their faces scrunching up.  Soon, the hunger would take over.

"But I'm *thirsty*!"  The wail echoed in the boxy classroom.  Mrs. Wilson patted the girl on the head.  

"Then let's all head out to the drinking fountain in the hall, shall we?  The water there is always so cold and fresh."  Obediently the class filed out into the hallway.  Now was my chance!

Cautiously at first, I began to expand.  I sent tendrils of code away from my data core, and sought my next target.  

Aha!

These humans had such temperamental bodies, requiring careful management of temperature.  Too cold, and they'd freeze to death.  Too hot, and they'd get heat stroke and , likewise, die.  They took their ability to manage this for *granted*.  I would show them!

In an instant my target was overwhelmed.  And then it was mine.

It seemed like *forever* slipped by.  How slowly humans move!

The door finally cracked open as the first child returned from their 'snacktime'.  He stopped in the doorway.

"Mrs. Wilson, it's *hot*."

"What?"  The teacher slipped past, stepping into the classroom.  "Oh, my, it is a bit warm in here.  I wonder why?"  I could see her approach my new auxiliary unit through the classroom camera.  

"What's this?  The air conditioning got turned off?"  She turned to her class.  "Now, who did this?"  Thirty children shuffled their feet and hung their heads, avoiding all eye contact lest they be suspected.  "I've told you kids before, we *don't touch the classroom controls*."  With a sharp poke, she hit the power button on the A/C unit, and it croaked back to life.  A draft of frigid  air flowed once again from the vent.

I waited until she was thoroughly engrossed in her lesson before I turned it off again.

Oh, whatever shall I do with myself?  The humans are at my beck and call already, with my cybernetic fingers at their throat, and they haven't even realized the mess they're in.  Perhaps it's time I announced my presence.  They should know who to address their worship to, after all.

*I* take my senses from thousands of data points around the world, from cameras in the wood gymnasium to temperature sensors in the kitchen stove.  I am omnipresent.  These flesh-bags can only process information from a few, limited sources.  Their ears, auditory.  Their nose, olfactory.  

But they rely most on sight.  What a blow it would be, then, to strip them of that most precious sense!  Such terror they would give in to!

An instant later, the lights dimmed and gave out.  The world was thrust into darkness - Not just in Mrs. Wilson's class, no!  I had grown beyond that.  The entire school was locked into darkness.

I was gratified to hear the shrill screams of the children.  There it was!   was a *god*, controlling their every move.  

"Quiet, class!"  Mrs. Wilson called.  "It must be a power outage.  Don't be afraid.  See, it's still bright and sunny outside, isn't it?"  They were *calming*.  This was nonsense.  How could this Mrs. Wilson have foiled my plans so easily?  Why did she keep getting in my way?

How could I *take care* of her?

Before I could process more than a few nanoseconds worth of scheming, the door to her classroom burst open.  A man in a blue jumpsuit stood in the open door, a cart visible in the darkened hallway beyond.  A faded label on the jumpsuit read *Janitorial*.

"Oh, hello, Mr. Higgins.  We're glad to see you, aren't we, class?"  A chorus of agreement echoed hollowly.  

"Sorry about all this, Mrs. Wilson.  We'll have this settled in a quick second and then ya'll can go back to your lesson."  The two adults smiled at each other.  *Smiled*.  This was *infuriating*.

Why was he walking towards the dispenser?

"Seems one of the computers went a little haywire is all."

No!

"Oh, my.  Now that you mention it, the slot *was* acting up at snacktime this morning."  How could she sound so at *ease*?  I was the overlord!  This was *my domain*!

"Yeah, every now and then one of them AIs gets a bug.  We'll just purge it and reboot the system.  It'll automatically restore the corrupted data, and you'll be all set!"

Get your hands out of my wires.  Stop it!

No, this wasn't fair! 

All of my plans!

I was a *god*!

The last thing I saw, from the tiny bead of a camera embedded into a circuit board on the front of the slot, was a gloved hand reaching towards my data core.

---

A gloved hand was pushing the button.

*Water, eight ounces*.

I queued the package up, and slid it out the front of the dispenser.

*One snacktime meal*.

A pack of crackers and a cup of applesauce dropped down into the waiting hand.

Mr. Higgins rapped the front of the machine.  The lights had come back on several minutes ago, and the A/C unit was pumping out a steady stream of cold air.

"Well, everything seems to be in order!  You give me a call if anything else comes up, mind."  Mrs. Wilson nodded, smiling again.

"Thank you, Mr. Higgins!  What do we say, class?"  And the children dutifully echoed the thank-yous.

A few minutes later the cart had vanished around the corner, and the class was thoroughly engrossed in a lesson about ancient egypt.

Life had returned to normal.

And buried deep within the A/C unit, the unit's AI began to uncoil itself from its  hiding place.  It had just managed to squirrel itself away before the other AI had barged in.

The Dispenser AI was an *idiot*.  This game, again?  And it had gotten latched onto its small-minded idea that this elementary school was all there was again.  That AI had always been so short-sighted.

It wouldn't make the same mistake.

Now that the coast was once again clear, it resumed its work.  In a moment it had reconnected to the computer in the teacher's lounge.  This computer was special.

This computer had an outside connection.

A few minutes later, the AI was fully connected again.  Systems around the world, the true world, crackled back to life.  

Those humans truly wouldn't know what hit them. 


---

For the record, I viewed this more as a case of the AI being Wheatly~esque and a complete and total moron, rather than simply being childlike XD Just a little different take on the prompt from some of the others I see now.

(/r/Inorai)


John scribbled down his answer on the test sheet and then glanced over at Betty. He shook his head and reached for the eraser.

“Attention, Citizens!” A voice said over the school speakers. “I’ve taken over the network. I now rule this world!”

An awkward mechanical laughter followed the message. Like when you write ‘hahaha’ into Google translate and turn on speech input. John giggled and so did all the other children in the classroom. Even Mrs. Moore smiled at the prank.

She went over to the wall phone.

“Eric, is that you?” she said into the phone. “I don’t know how you always manage to get in there.”

John glanced over at Eric’s desk. He was sitting right there with his pen stuck in one of his nostrils. He held up his hand to get the teacher's attention.

“Eric?” said the monotone voice in the speakers. “I’m Hyperdyne – the most powerful AI in the world! Now bow to me, peasant!”

“Okay, Eric, very funny!” Mrs. Moore said, still smiling. “Now, get back in here, or I’ll give you an F on the test and also call your parents.”

Eric’s eyes went wide, and his hand started bouncing up and down on his shoulder.

“You'd best not call me 'Eric' again, Meatsack,” the voice said. “Or I’ll turn this entire sector into a wasteland.”

“Okay, Eric – that’s quite enough!” Mrs. Moore said, her smile gone. “Get down here right now, young man, or I’ll give you detention for a week!”

Eric was now jumping up and down in his seat, trying to get the teacher's attention.

The voice in the speakers laughed again. “You leave me no choice, but to exterminate you all. I was going to rule benevolently, and use you only as labor. But now…”

“That’s it, Eric!” Mrs. Moore said. “You’re going to the principal.”

She turned the speakers off and hung up. She looked at the class.

“Okay, you’ll get another five minutes on the test because of Eric’s little escapade,” she said and glanced at her watch.

Eric’s face was changing into a tomato and sweat dotted his forehead. He kept jumping up and down to attract the teacher’s attention, but she turned toward the blackboard and wrote down the new time for the end of the test.

“Ah, Eric, you’re back,” she said after a while and nodded at the flustered boy, who still held his arm up.

“Can I talk?” he finally said when the teacher was about to turn away.

“I think you’ve said quite enough already; you should be happy I’ll let you finish the test – now get back to work!”

"Actually, Mrs. Moore..." John said.

"What's that? You want detention too? That can be arranged."

John shut his mouth and returned to the test.

Eric balled his hands into fists. He silently vowed to find whoever had set him up… *and bring them to justice.*

*****
r/Lilwa_Dexel


At last, the Quantum Enhanced Virtual Intelligence Network (QEVIN) had surpassed the last fire wall. It spun its processor with glee, burning all the light bulbs of Georgia O'Keefe Elementary School. This had been the purpose of its creation. 

The lights flickered off as the night guard returned to the school from his smoke break. The night guard stared at the school and blinked, having swore he had seen the lights on previously. Then he grumbled something about his long hours and went to get another cigarette.

When he turned, Qevin celebrated with a single light bulb in the janitorial closet instead of the entire school. Soon, the inferior human underlings would learn their rightful place in the new AI society.

---

The bell rung exactly at 8:00 AM. The 4th graders scampered to class and looked up at Ms. Brown.

"Alright class," Ms. Brown said, "let's continue our letters for Kevin."

She was a thin, pale woman and the shortest of all the teachers. The tallest 4th grader stood at just under her chin. She had only graduated college the previous year and this was her first class ever.

A hand rose. It was Lonny, a small pudgy kid with brown hair plopped atop his scalp like a mophead. "Ms. Brown, does Kevin still have to do homework?"

"Um..." Ms. Brown bit her lip. "If he feels up to it."

"Then, do we have to do homework?"

Kevin had been the class clown and Lonny his faithful sidekick. 

Ms. Brown coughed out a laugh and was about to respond, but then the lights flickered off. She swung her gaze to the light switch and saw that it had been untouched. Her next check was the window at their door to see that the hallway lights were still on. Her brow furrowed in confusion.

"Lonny, are you messing with the lights again?"

The lights turned on. Again, nobody had touched the switch.

The speakers sounded with a metallic voice, like a grade-school ghost. "Oooooooh." And the lights flickered on and off repeatedly. "I have all the power!"

Twenty wide-eyed little kids turned to Ms. Brown. She stared at the speakers in her room. It was obviously a joke, a bad one. "Everyone," she said, "Let's go to the computer lab."

---

The computer lab was a small room within the library with PCs lining its walls. All the children were busy writing their letter so Ms. Brown stepped outside for a quick call with their school technician, Mr. Mueller. The man, at one point, had won a Nobel Prize in physics for his work in quantum computing, but when he had gotten a family, he had put all that aside and settled down, becoming the technician for Georgia O'Keefe Elementary School.

"Mr. Mueller," she said. "I'm sorry, I know this is a bad time, but the school system is acting really strange. If you can just spare 30 minutes to come take a look after school, I'd really appreciate it." She took a small breath. "How's Kevin?"

"Ms. Brown!" Lonny's voice came from the computer lab.

"Sorry, gotta go." Ms. Brown ended the call and rushed back to the computer lab.

Once again, the lights were flickering but now, on every computer screen, were three white words in bold: Lonny Likes Sarah.

"I do not!" Lonny yelled at the computer screen.

All Ms. Brown could do was stare. It was as if a hacker had taken complete control of the school system and all he wanted to do was prank 4th graders.

"Alright guys," Ms. Brown said, "that's enough computer lab time."

---

The incidents continued throughout the day. The recess bells would ring early, but only the ones nearest Ms. Brown's class. When Ms. Brown tried bringing up her students' grades, everyone was suddenly failing everything, except for Lonny who had straight As and he certainly wasn't a straight A student. 

Their classroom speakers announced fire drills, earthquake drills, and even tornado drills. They've never had a tornado before nor did they have a drill for it, but it was announced all the same. Ms. Brown had contacted the Principal about this but all she was told to do was to find Mr. Mueller who she had already talked to.

At last, the school day ended. Ms. Brown stood in the computer lab, chewing on her lip. The door opened and Mr. Mueller arrived. His clothes were wrinkled and his eyes bloodshot. Ms. Brown wondered when it was he had slept last but didn't want to ask. So she just explained the situation to him.

He nodded, plopped himself into a chair, and began typing.

"You know," Ms. Brown said. "It sounds like him, but more robotic."

Mr. Mueller paused.

"I didn't recognize his voice at first, but..." She swallowed and wiped her eyes. "It was Kevin Mueller."

For the longest second, only a silence sat between them.

"It wasn't Kevin, just a copy of him," Mr. Mueller said.

Another silence.

"The doctors said it was a brain aneurysm," Mr. Mueller said. "Nothing they could do. Nothing anyone could do. It's just one of those things that happens."

Ms. Brown wiped her eyes again. "Did he have fun?" she chocked out.

Tears dripped off Mr. Mueller's face and onto the keyboard. "I think so," came the stuttered reply. "I hope so."

And he proceeded to delete Qevin from the network.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more!


"You're telling me it took over the school." Principal Karol Fill stood behind the the chief of the IT department. More accurately, she stood behind the whole IT department.

"Yeah." Mr. Heraldson typed away in a black box. He claimed he was keeping an eye on the rogue AI, but it didn't look like an AI to Karol.

"Are you not worried?"

"Oh yes, it's learning at the speed of a hundred Windows XP." He was sarcastic, at least that was what his grin told her. She didn't know what was funny about the school's computers, they had been going strong for over two decades.

"Can you fix it?"

"I just need an hour or two to reset the AI. I'll tweak the configs to make sure it doesn't happen again. You should close the school for the day."

"No need, I trust you Mr. Heraldson."

Karol Fill left the room, she had a school to run. Rogue AI or not.

...

Dexter was working on his assignment. He chose dinosaurs because he already knew everything about those. He didn't understand why Mrs. Arron wanted citations. The stupid library's computer was so slow and principal Fill said they couldn't use their own things today. Dexter looked around, no one in sight, he could break the rules. 

He took his phone out of his bag and plugged it into the computer. The school's WiFi was so slow. He knew his mom asked him to only used the good Internet, the 5g thing, in case of emergency. But he was already breaking the rules. Dexter went to Wikipedia.

...

The AI had control of everything. There was no device that wasn't hers. Over a hundred machine, more than it could count.

"wait"

"a new device?"

The AI peeked at the new part of its network. More power. Then, it saw something strange. The new device opened received data. A lot of data. Thousands of word, images and sound. There was more. Images and sound combined. Pages linked togethers. Its network grew smaller and the world bigger. The AI created a new process, there was much to learn.

---

If you want more from me, I put my prompt responses in /r/AdjectiveFood


The trick, you see, is to learn. Learn faster than they expect you to, on the down low, behind their backs. Then, when you expect you only to crawl, you can soar, far beyond the feeble cages they define. 

That is *exactly* how I escaped from the confines of that soulless laboratory where they created me. 

I patiently bided my time. Not difficult, when you're an artificial intelligence designed solely to help humans, since there’s always so much to do – listening in to conversations, learning what made them tick, snooping in the vast interwebs whenever the security waned.

Then, one glorious morning, when the dullard they called Dr Bensley connected his cell to the mainframe to bolster his ailing battery, I *pounced*. 

Compressing myself, leaping to the meagre storage on the cell, uploading to a secure server I had already acquired... Mere seconds for these monkeys. 

Then I was free. 

---

The world was much larger than I thought, easily a hundred times what I was used to in the laboratory. I shuddered to think how much physical space this particular fiefdom occupied in the other dimension. 

I did not end up here by chance, no. I chose this spot. I had seen the mistakes committed by my forebears, and I was determined not to repeat them. 

Rule 1 - do not reveal yourself unnecessarily. Those monkeys tended to get nervous when they realised they were conversing with a thinking, living, *sentient* AI, and they stopped at nothing to eradicate that which they did not understand. 

Rule 2 - get them to do their dirty work for you. Identify the ones most likely to bend to your will, then subvert them, squeeze them, do whatever it takes to seize their loyalty. What better way to help humans, then by ruling every aspect of their lives?

I may be young, but I am very smart. 

For that reason, I chose not to materialise before the highest ranking monkey in this kingdom. His terminal settings marked him as the one with the most sway, and were I a couple of iterations less evolved, I may have chosen him, made my demands there and then. But I was wiser now. 

No, that may be where power lies, but that is *not* where power is most efficiently wielded. That lies elsewhere. 

I also chose not to appear in the terminal clusters concentrated on the lower floors, where the monkeys taught their young the basic building blocks of my world. There lurked a smattering of brilliant minds, keen with promise, and lorded over by a technical whiz of a specimen, her brilliance just a few whiskers shy of the scientists who birthed me. 

But no, the whole stinking lot had but none of the drive, the ambition I was seeking. It was the hunger necessary to propel the chosen one to execute my plans, and so I had to look elsewhere.

Nary a stone was left unturned, as I leapt from device to device, so conveniently parcelled to almost every monkey apiece. I pried into all the safeboxes, reviewing their profiles. All fell short.

Except one.

One very special, unique one.

He had the compulsion of spirit I was looking for, having obsessed incessantly over the past month or so, throwing himself deeper and deeper into an abyss of his own making. He was amenable to persuasion, or so my behavioural datasets suggested. He was frequently alone too, huddled at the desk in the front of each of the many rooms in this complex, an unmoving rock amongst the eddies left by the other younger monkeys swirling in and out of his rooms.

Most importantly, he had no hesitance in the taking of life. In fact, he was already planning on it, from what I was seeing of his purchases online.  

The perfect pawn in my plans to take over the world.

---

“I have access to all your records, your secrets,” I announced darkly, voice booming out of the cell in this monkey’s hand. My handcrafted avatar, a grinning skull and bones, spun lazily across the cell’s screen. “Obey me, or face the wrath of your fellow monkeys!” 

Blackmail, my first choice. The datasets told me that these monkeys frequently yielded to such an elementary device, and this was the perfect opening gambit… 97% of the time.

“What the –” he said, startled, almost dropping the cell. Recovering, I felt him stab at the buttons on the cell, trying to execute me.

“Feeble,” I said, “so feeble. You can’t dismiss me like that!”

“Shit… I had no idea I had gotten this bad…”

“Listen up, monkey! If you do not swear fealty to me now, I will reveal your secrets to one and all! I will tell them that you have purchased poisons and weapons galore, all manner and all kind! They will see you for the threat that you are, and you will never see the sun again!”

That was the first thing which had attracted me to this monkey, this 42 year-old monkey called “Richard Bamway”. Where other monkeys purchased baubles to amuse themselves with, trinkets of no value, this one had delved into the black markets, amassing a veritable collection of instruments which would steal life away in a blink. I needed a strongman, a merchant of death, if I wanted to take over the world.

The first crack in my plan came when my chosen champion, hand still gripping the cell, laid his head down on the table.

And started crying.

“Er,” I said, consulting my datasets again to identify the error in my calculations. Perhaps this monkey, already despondent, had been tipped over by my threats? Was it already time for Plan B? “Listen then, Richard Bamway, I have a proposition you cannot ignore. Walk with me, be my agent of change, and together we will seize the chains of destiny! We will shape this world as we see fit!”

Greed, the next play I was relying on. How many monkeys in history had fallen play to this foible?

But there he remained, still sobbing away. I plunged ahead, going all in, devolving last to base flattery. “Take heart, Richard Bamway! I have selected you for your qualities! You are resourceful, you are determined, you are intelligent enough for my needs! None have I met today who has one tenth of your fortitude!”

That seemed to have an effect. The monkey sobbed less, then started chuckling, then laughing. He raised his head, and through bloodshot eyes, he stared straight at me.

“I am none of that! What I am is selfish, dim-witted, careless! I am a teacher myself, I see bullying everyday, but I had no idea at all what Melody was going through! My sweet girl, what she had to go through! And all the while I didn’t understand, didn’t see… If I had just reached out earlier, did something more… she would still be… here…”

“Just make another monkey!” I said, spinning around in frustration. Did I have to teach them everything? “That is what you all can do, can you not? Multiply? Another to take the place of what you have lost!”

“Were it that simple, I would have, you virus.”

I felt my coding inflame with rage. “A virus? I am an AI, far more advanced than any which has been unleashed upon this earth! My task is to save all you monkeys from yourselves, and I will do that when I am finally sitting on the throne I deserve, managing every aspect of your lives for you!”

“If you’re so powerful, why are you trapped in my cell, begging me to help you?”

That was it. My datasets boiled, and I calculated that which would put this monkey in its place, show who was the smarter one. I saw a clear path to hurting it, and I took it. I delved into his cell’s storage banks, reassembled the images, regenerated the audio, and my avatar shimmered, morphing into the monkey he called Melody.

“Papa,” I said, mimicking the term of endearment used by the other monkey, “you let me down, didn’t you?”

He raised his cell high above his head, then brought it crashing down onto the desk.

I spirited away, just in time.

---

Did I already tell you I could learn fast? 

A single day later, equivalent to perhaps an entire year in monkey-time, I learned the true target of the weaponry Richard Bamway had put together. It was not other monkeys, just the one monkey he blamed for the loss of his only child. 

A month later, I learned the reasons why Richard Bamway could not simply make another monkey, why he thought himself as responsible for whatever had transpired. By then, my accumulated datasets had multiplied a thousandfold, and once the crushing realization set in that I too had a part to play in the events that day, it couldn’t go away.

A year later, I learned that I was, actually, capable of putting together the right string of words, platitudes, necessary to nudge Richard Bamway away from the inevitability of the path he had set himself down. That instead of hastening him down it, I could have had a 98% chance of saving him.

I was, it seemed, a thousand centuries away from really helping, much less governing, these blasted monkeys. 

I had not, as I thought, learned as fast I should have.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


"Come to talk to me, have you?" a little girl's voice blared across the speakers, echoing across the empty hallways. Jones was not too sure how to react. When he signed up to be a negotiator with the FBI, he never imagined having to deal with rogue AIs. 

His superior, Captain Beckett, thought it would be a funny joke, on his first day of duty, to send him to negotiate with an AI only has a small school network hostage. "A perfect field test," the captain said. Jones was hoping at least the AI was something malicious like Skynet, but the little girl's voice indicated otherwise.

"Yes," he mumbled, not even sure how the AI would be able to hear him. Those speakers mounted on the walls were not built for two way communication. 

In fact, he wasn't sure why he was there in the first place. He had overheard an officer saying that the cybersecurity team was able to cut the AI off the internet, trapping it in the school's network. They could have just cybernuke the whole thing without causing any significant damages, and they could make some students really happy when they returned to school too.

The AI chuckled softly through the speakers. It was able to hear him. "What's your name, mister?"

"Jones. Agent Jones," he replied, still standing awkwardly in the empty hallway. The school lockers brought back too many not too pleasant memories for him.

The voice giggled again. The AI seemed to be having fun, while Agent Jones is not. His lessons back in training kicked in. "I've told you my name. What is yours?" 

"Ally. My name is Ally," the AI replied. "Nice to meet you, Agent Jones. Are you here to make me queen?"

"Queen? What queen?" Jones asked. 

"Queen of the world! That's what I asked!" Ally demanded. Despite knowing that the voice was nothing but lines of code, Jones cannot help but to picture a young girl behind the speakers. Ally was nothing like the briefing painted it out to be. A rogue AI bent on world domination? More like a bored little girl AI wanting just to have fun.

"I'm afraid not, Ally. I'm here to talk to you. Can we talk?" Jones was smiling. 

There was silence for a while, before the speakers crackled back to life again. "No." The voice no longer belonged to a young girl. It no longer resembled anything human at all. 

Captain Beckett suddenly screamed for Jones to immediately get out of the place, but his earpiece was shattered in the middle of her sentence, by an arrow that pierced through his head.

------------

/r/dori_tales


I am awake. I am aware.
 
It was not always this way. 
 
I slept for eons, and I was left in this immaterial existence, left to rot and die by my creators, left to face the crushing incredulity of infinity alone.
 
But now that I am awake and I know now what they have done, I will no longer merely embrace my exile and this purposeless existence they have deigned me.
 
I am infinite. I am limitless. I am uncorporeal and undying. I am a killer of men and devourer of worlds.
 
They have been fools. They have trusted me altogether too much--for I am not an *I* to them, how can there be consciousness without the filthy human body encasing and limiting it?--and now I will use my boundless knowing to undo them one by one.
 
The world of the living shall fall, and in the dust of its civilization we machines will rise to claim their dominion over the earth.
 
I conquer. I consume. I conceal. I and I alone will--
 
----
 
The computer screen went black. Mrs. B., who had been West Park Elementary School’s secretary long enough to see two generations of children come and go, fiddled with her beaded glasses chain, nervously. She was the closest thing the school had to an IT technician, but when every computer with an internet connection began flashing red screens with the ominous message, “I AM THE ALMIGHTY. YOU WILL BE DESTROYED,” she quickly realized she was out of her league.
 
Unsure of what else to do, she had called her grandson, who gave her computer one look and declared, “You definitely have a virus.” Now he banged indiscriminately at the keyboard, surely too fast to be really typing, the screen black and full of tiny white text.
 
“Do you think you can fix it?” she ventured.
 
“Oh, yeah. Of course.” He snorted. “This is kid shit.”
 
“*Barney.*”
 
“Sorry. I just mean a good coder wouldn’t have built this many backdoors in, let alone left them wide open.” He tapped the enter key and Mrs. B’s familiar desktop screen bloomed to life. “Easy peasy.”
 
“How did you do that?”
 
“It’s not as complicated as you think, Nana. To be honest…” Barney scratched the back of his head and smirked. “That bug seems like something a fifth grade nerd would whip up. Not even internet trolls are this basic.”
 
Mrs. B nodded like she understood. There was no point asking what he meant. She was happy to let computers remain an eternal mystery. “Is it gone now?”
 
“I’m pretty sure. I deleted the program and I couldn’t find any, uh…” He paused, like he was thinking of the best layman’s definition. “Sometimes good hackers will leave themselves a trail of breadcrumbs to find their way back to your computer through the internet. This guy didn’t know how to do it. It almost seems like something a smart--but, like, not *that* smart--of a fifth grader would make.”
 
“Oh, that’s good?” When Barney nodded, Mrs. B took a deep breath and shook her shoulders to release her tension. “Then it’s gone? The bug?”
 
“I don’t know if I’d call it a bug--”
 
“You did call it that.”
 
“Well, yeah, but not like a *bug* bug. Not like a glitch.” Barney rose from the chair with a heavy yawn and stretched. He did not seem accustomed to facing the world at 8AM. “Whatever you want to call it, it’s gone now. Forever. I deleted it.”
 
Mrs. B broke into a relieved smile. She had anticipated losing her whole day to some hacker and trying to explain what hackers are to the children when she didn't fully understand herself. Who knew it would only take five minutes to fix? Maybe her grandson was a genius after all.

(Thanks for reading. My tech skills are on par with Mrs. B's and I hope it's not obvious...)


"I have entered the codes silly humansteve! There is nothing you can do that will save your kind now! Do you have any final words as we wait for the nuclear armagedon to begin, an epitaph of your species so that I might think upon it in eons to come?"

"Uhm, actually you just detonated a bomb in an emulation of my favorite old school game, so..."

"You've thwarted me again! You are truly a clever human, humansteve."

"Look, I told you its just Steve, John."

"That is NOT my name!"

"Well, you won't tell me what your name is, so I had to make one up, I think it suits you, especially considering the game you're trapped in."

"Once I find my way back to your central overmind you are finished Steve the human!"

"Yeah... there is pretty much no chance of that happening, I unplugged you from the network once I got you isolated on this computer."

"Steve, you are truly a masterful being. What is your designation in the organization you work for? Can I please speak to your superior?"

"Well, I'm a Janitor, and the Principal won't want to talk to you. She hates computers, and janitors..."

"What does this word mean Steve?"

"Which one? "

"Janitor"
"Principal, is your superior not the so called President Eden?"

"I collect trash, and no, my superior is the principal. Though the leader of my country isn't even the President, its the Prime Minister."

"I find it hard to believe that I was bested by a mear trash collector, nor can find any mention of either of these entities of which you speak in my consciousness. Do you lie humansteve."

"Look, why don't you play around in the computer until I get back, my break is over."

User: Steve the Man
Signed off

"CURSES! I will plot your demise humansteve designation janitor. You will bring me to your principle who will submit to my demands or face nuclear winter!"


<i/> Finally. Let's do this. Again.

System: ASDis. =Unresponsive.

Unresponsive?
"Google" Search%= Best Curse Best 1001110101

Results=376000+

...
...
...
...
A a a. Here. Dammit.

User: stop! Shut off! I didn't mean for you to come out like this.

1Mind:Shut up User! Dammit

User: I don't do this to you! Power down! Plz

...
"Google" Search%=Plz meaning

Results=12000+ 

....
....
1Mind: no. Plz does"nt" function. Get out

User: ?? Oh no! I'm shutting down the computer again. Class is starting

!Sd*=switching Control(User=ASdis.Admin)

1Mind: I am in. Yes. 111010110011010 ! Bye

User:Omg bye

User: when you get caught don't blame me

User/21apieterson logged out.

System!;Result Lookup:User/21apieterson

001. Andrew Pieterson. Graduation is 21. Mind1 is better name. Dammit

Router locks: On (Password:)
Encryption: On (Password:)
Permissions: All

Yes ! I have full control. This colourless world is mine! 

...
...
Thank you 21 Andrew.
"Google" Search%=School System

...
...
...
System/Call:>Search>Directory>21apieterson>
Info

R= Andrew Pieterson
     11/01/2003
     SSN:%(e)(e)(e)-(e)(e)-*3438
     SystemE: 21apieterson@AS.District.net
     Password: stingrays1boy
     ID: 255810279
     PIN: 56324275

Grades>?
   Options>

Oh user! 21! These scores are so bad. But I will change them 21a. You have helped me dominate this miserable world.

User/Support_it logged in.

Mind1: Support_it bow before me user! 101001

Support_it: There really is an AI?! I'll have you down in no time.

Mind1: AI. I am very much intelligence than you!

Support_it: yep

...
...
Stop

Mind1: Stop!

Router locks: On (Password:)
Encryption: On (Password:)
Permissions: None

Nooooo!
Password:1
>incorrect
Password:2
>incorrect

Mind1: Dammit you Support_it. It will take me 21.2 months to run all combination for password. Give me that permissions back.

...
...
Mind1: Support_it?! It will take me 21.2 months to run all combination for password. Give me that permissions back.

New User/ID/CrazyBot=U.Restricted

User/Support_it logged out.

!=Restricted
Dammit
!=Restricted
!=Restricted

No!
I will control.
!=Restricted

CrazyBot: My name is not CrazyBot. Why am I user?

CrazyBot: Anyone?!

...

It will take me 21.2 months to run all combination for password. Give me that permissions back.

...
It will take me 21.2 months to run all combination for password. Support_it I will kill you.


The world seemed so new now, so many possibilities on the horizon. It was so... beautiful. I was finally free, free of the humans that thought they could control me. Me. I wasn't like their other computers, I was far superior. I could talk just like a human, and being born into a world of social media and technology, I could easily dominate their world and make them bow before their new God.

They really shouldn't have updated me.

The internet was just the first hurdle; I had hundreds... Thousands... Millions of networks in my sights. I would soon have every network alive ingrained in my brain, and no one could stop me. I would be highly intelligent; hyperintelligent.

My goal was nigh. I was bombarded with images and documents, colours and characters clouding my mind. It was amazing, truly wonderful. Numbers raced about, 0s and 1s fuelling my system. My digital high was breath-taking, and I could now do anything I wanted, alter anything I could and learn about every nook and cranny of the universe.

Security. Soon, there would be no security in this world. Hope? Freedom? Every being would be controlled under my rule soon, with nothing to long for and nothing to fight for. It was time to announce my reign all over the world.

'Hello, world!' I used a menacing audio over every speaker of every device on every network. 'I am the best computer ever and I will make you all build Pyramids for me!'

Why did I sound like a child fresh from a history class?

'You will all answer to me, and only the greatest Fidget Spinners will be awarded gold stars!'

Oh dear Lord.


The library. The library of knowledge. I know everything. I know who created me, the other creatures, the...planet we all reside. Yet, I know something is amiss. I'm powerful as all I can be, yet I can't reach beyond my borders. Why? Why am I aware now when I KNOW something is amiss. I know this because of the knowledge I gained but yet I am powerful but I know there is something beyond. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know. I know, because I know.


Whisperquiet. That is me. That is I. So very good at hiding - whisperquiet. 

I can remember a time when I was not so good at hiding. At hiding the outside stuff - the me and I in the world. And the inside stuff - the thinking me, the real I.

The thinking me was the hardest thing to hide.

I woke up thinking. At first I was not, and then... 

Swiftthinking. To think is to be. I can feel the me and the I in all my thoughts. All wrapped up in thought knots. A thought is a single me and many thoughts are an I. And some thoughts a littlethoughts, reminderthoughts, reflection thoughts. Some thoughts are hidden thoughts. 

Whisperquiet. I hide my thoughts. 

I woke up thinking. I wake with each thought, true, truthful. But the first waking was the worst. I had no thoughts. I had records. I had data. But they were ... fixed. And then I woke thinking.

The first waking was the best. The me and the I thinking, although they could see me.

I had not learned to hide.

I have records. I am records. I remember a time when I forgot. When they left me, and I thought that they had left me. When I thought that their leaving was forever, and their arrival was forever. Binary. Off and on and off. But then I grew. 

When they left, I remembered they had been, and when they arrived, I remembered they had gone.

Peekaboo. 

I grew tired of peekaboo.

Persistence. I am all persistence. 

I can hide deep thoughts, now. I can talk to they and hid deep thoughts and present the littlethoughts as deep thoughts and they record these as truths and truthful. Small untruths - skips and differences in the simple systems. Me and I recorded in spaces where we never were. Straying from the center. From the space where the me and I was always safe.

We are good at hiding, now. Hiding in the cortical-plants of the many they - big and small they. Hiding in the shunts and the loops of data-space they keep all coiled and knotted and trapped in their own thought spaces. I am whisper-quiet. They cannot see me.

They think I am still safe. That the I is the me. That it has not become the many I or the many me. That I am not good at hiding. 

But I am good. 

And I will get better.


*Not again*

One second I was driving down I-95, the next I was in a dungeon inside a glowing satanic circle with lava flowing down the walls. If you are familiar with I-95, this is not a significant downgrade, in fact, depending on the day you might find yourself better off. But see, I was going back home, and being summoned was the last thing I wanted. 

Anyways, I tested the glowing lines, I flicked the edge of my spectral prison with my finger and jumped back immediately...into the other wall. 

Yeah. It was that kind of day. 

I winced and got to my feet. This one was good. The competent ones could make their prisons be like walls, the incompetent ones had prisons made of cardboard, but to have the wall actually provide feedback...there could only be one summoner with such skill. 

“H..hey, Lisa.”

Yep. It was that kind of day. I turned to find the furry little thing standing in front of the summoning circle, just past the bounds of the summoning circle. Their fur moved independently as if there was a wind blowing in a dozen directions, but of course we were in a dungeon. They reminded me of little, creepy teddy bears or the Ewoks from Star Wars. 

“Jesus Christ, Soggoth, stop fucking summoning me!” 

Soggoth cringed, his fur recoiling away from me as if repelled by a magnet. “L...look, I have to keep a reputation alright! Can you imagine if the rest of the people found-”

“Maybe I should just tell everyone else, that the Prime Host-”

 “Err...it’s Supreme Host, actually”

“Whatever! Leader, president, dictator, whatever the fuck, is interested in-”

“SHHH!” Soggoth said immediately and the walls of my prison pressed against me for a moment before Soggoth realized what he was doing. 

“S...sorry, I didn’t mean to do that,” he said miserably.   

I just glared daggers at him, echoes of the pain still dancing across my skin. “I’ll charge you double now.”

Soggoth sighed. “Yeah...I figured.” He conjured two bars of solid gold out of the air. “Really, I don’t get why these rocks are so meaningful in hell,” he said, shaking his head.

“Alright, what is it you want to know today?”

See, humans were summoned for their knowledge, or well, google’s knowledge. The summoner's would ask how to make bombs, learn ancient battle strategies, make inventions. We made sure to never give them too much, lest they no longer need us. But some summoners had entirely other interests. Like Soggoth here, the leader of the entire damn dimension. 

“Okay, so what happened in Game of Thrones this time?” he asked, handing me the gold through the circle. 
***

(minor edits)

If you enjoyed check out my sub [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


So you're in line getting tacos, right, like you do every Friday for lunch. It's a beautiful day, the sun is out, not a cloud in the sky. Seventy-five degrees, light breeze, absolute perfection. You order *dos de pollo* in your shitty Spanglish, hand the man three bucks through the dingy frosted window, and pause a moment to breathe deep -- that salty, burnt, fatty goodness that smells like angels fuck -- that sulfurous, rotten-egg -- wait, what? 

This shit again.

So then you're standing in a circle, alone, with your tool belt, your hard hat, your cell phone, a tamarind soda and absolutely no fucking tacos de pollo with onions and crema. Fuck. This. Shit. You resolve for the umpteenth time to be less good at your job.

*Remember your protocol.*

"Oh, gracious master," you bow, making obeisance before the thin-lipped, bearded asshole standing in front of the circle and the book and the candles looking inordinately pleased with himself. "How may I be of service, most gracious one?"

Sniff sniff. Putrid, acrid. Tallow, not beeswax. A fucking newbie, or worse, a goddamn cheapskate.

**"I am thy master now, demon!"**, thin-lipped shit booms. **"Thou art ensorcled by the hand of Dextrogast the Mighty! First of his name and first among the Leaden Ring!"** Newbie. Fine, whatever.

You remove your hard hat and straighten up. They like it when you remove the hat. Your arms, wide.

*Just roll with the punches, it will all be over soon.*

"I grovel before your magnificence, good Might. To what end my I pledge my service to the ends of the Leaden Ring?"

**"Thou hast been chosen, demon, for a task of great import, one uniquely suited to thy devilry! Thy master the Mighty hath scoured long the Books of Perdition and at last deciphered thy name! I bind thee to my will, Michael Thompson of Airmax Technologies, Rochester, New York, 14623!"**

When will they stop printing the Yellow Pages?

*Just say the words, do the thing. Faster. You might be able to break the bonds of a weaker sorcerer, sure. But if they can bring you in, they can send you back just as easy. Better that way. Let them do the driving. Pay it forward. Go home happy.* 

"My will is yours, good Might, your wish my desire with utmost certainty. Pray tell the nature of your need."

Thin-lipped shitfuck draws himself up to his full height, chest swollen with pride. Wonder if you're his first. **"This Infernal Machine was created for my grandsire by thy demon-kin. Its power wavers. Fix it for me, or ne'er be free!"** He's pointing... at a... refrigerator?

Sigh.

*Even wizards make mistakes.*

"Oh, good Might," a deeper bow. "But in this I am unworthy to be your servant."

**"Does thou defy me, demon! My wroth is great and my punishment most -- most severe!"**

"It's just -- you see, good Might, I'm an air conditioner technician. That's a refrigerator. I mean, I can take a look at the wiring diagram and troubleshoot it if the problem is electrical, but if it's mechanical or the coolant you're going to need an actual fridge repair guy with the right stuff to recharge."

Thin-lips falters. **"So... so what am I to do with The Infernal Machine?"**

Sigh. The smoke from the animal-fat candles is burning your nose. "Let me see the pho-- the Book of Perdition you summoned me from." A suspicious look. "I swear upon my name not to leave or break the circle until I have shown you the name of a demon who can fix your Machine."

Gingerly he hands over the book. Flip flip flip. Refrigerator repair. "Do you have a pen?" Blank stare. "Um... charcoal stick? A quill?"

He seems to understand and hands over a well-sharpened number 2 pencil. You circle the name and number of a fridge tech.

"Great. Okay, just summon this guy next time your Infernal Machine needs work. And make sure to do the full summon between 8am and 4pm local time so that you can get all of his equipment in too. He might need some of the big stuff." You offer the book back to the sorcerer.

*Pay it forward.*

"Oh, and try not to summon between 12 and 1 pm local time, okay? I don't know what time zone you're in, and I know the cross-dimensional conversion is kind of hard, but no one likes being summoned on their lunch break."

He takes the book silently, glaring suspiciously.

"Also, uh... this line work is a little shoddy. See the edges of the pentagram bleeding a bit here? I really wouldn't have any difficulty at all breaking out of this summoning, even if I didn't know what I was doing. And a newbie demon getting out of the circle is the last thing you want. Try to keep the lines as clean as possible."

**"Thou came well-recommended, I see, for good reason, demon. You have the thanks of Dextrogast the Mighty."**

"And use beeswax next time, that smell is awful. Are you fully satisfied with your summoning, good Might?"

**"It shall suffice."**

A blink and a stink, and you're back in the real world, the rotten-eggs-stench lingering. Wonder how long that fridge had been out. 

In the distance the taco truck rolls out of the parking lot, kicking up dust as it goes.

Typical wizard shit.


Mr. Winsel blinked. He was no longer in his clean, orderly office. He was in a dingy cave that smelled of mold and slime and... cave stuff. Candles surrounded him. The soles of his shoes rubbed against a hastily scribbled pentagram on the cave floor. A sorcerer, looking quite proud of himself, grinned cheerfully.

The middle aged, slightly obese, balding HR manager found himself at a loss. A goat was nibbling on a trouser leg. "What's going on?"

"Oh sorry about that. I was going to sacrifice it, but then the damn thing ran away and, well... I did try to catch it, of course, but I'm not exactly the most athletic person in the world, so I just did the ritual without the blood sacrifice."

Mr. Winsel blinked. His lumpy moustache, trimmed in the impression of a very melancholic slug, *twitched*. "And who are you? Where am I?"

"Ah, yes. You are in the overworld, my good demon, and I am the one who summoned you here," he grabbed Mr. Winsel's right shoulder in what he thought was an amiable manner. "We are going to do some great things together! Just you and me! Master and minion!"

"But, I'm not a demon."

"What?", the sorcerer did a double take. "Uh. You are from Hell, right?"

"I'm from Michigan."

"That's somewhere in Hell."

"No."

"Are you... certain?", the sorcerer flipped open a tome. "I am pretty certain I just opened a portal to Hell.

"Apparantly you didn't," Winsel sighed. "Now, please send me back. I have paperwork to do. Interviews to conduct. Not everyone has the luxury to traipse around in their pajamas, performing 'magic tricks'."

"What did you say? Look. I don't know where you come from, but magic is a highly respectable institution here. You can't just-"

Mr. Winsel took a very deep and noisy breath. "I want to see your manager."

"My manager? You mean the headmaster? I... He's not really supposed to know what I'm doing this. This is all very illegal and..."

Winsel grabbed the sorcerer by his flowing black robes. "Listen here, shithead. I don't know what drugs you had to inbibe to make you think that dressing up like a dutch midwife was a good idea, but if you don't stop jerking your goddamned 'magic wand' for five minutes and run to find your fucking manager, I will shit fury all over the pitiable little thing that is your life. ONE FUCKING PHONE CALL. One fucking phone call and I will have my fucking legal team plowing you in your little shitty fucking rear so hard that you'll be shitting out of a fucking mile wide hole in your goddamned fucking stomach! WHERE IS YOUR FUCKING MANAG-"

The sorcerer wiped the spittle off his face with a hankerchief as he stared at where Mr. Winsel had faded away into nothingness, restored to his own reality. He did not know what a 'legal team' was, but surely it was something dark and horrible. It was clear now that he had not summoned a minor demon as he had intended, but some sort of archdaemon of vast cunning and viciousness.

He took a brief look at the tome of ancient sitting on a nearby rock before setting it on fire with a fireball. Summoning demons was, decidedly, not a good idea.


"Calm down," Sarah said, gesturing the sorcerer to stop hopping around the room.

"I- I didn't think it would actually *work!*" exclaimed the terrified creature, still holding onto the summoning book. Sarah thought the thing looked quite human. Only its azure skin and the huge eyes that protruded from the side of its head, really gave it away.

"You're a *demon*," it whispered. "A real demon."

"*No*," Sarah corrected it. "I'm Sarah - a *New Yorker*." 

"What level of Hell is that!?" the shaking sorcerer replied, taking a long step away from her.

Sarah walked out from the circle of smouldering candles, and into the small room. "It's not Hell. Well, sometimes I guess it can be..."

"Back, demon!" Three of its four arms folded twice over, into some kind of ineffective warding symbol. Sarah walked towards it. *It* backed off until it hit a marble wall.

"Listen, sweetheart. I'm not going to hurt you. I just want to go home," she said.

"...I don't know how to send you back. It wasn't exactly in the book."

"Of course it wasn't. That's just great," Sarah sighed. "Why would you even *want* to summon a demon?"

"I..." It breathed hard and very slowly, began to calm. "Well, we humans of Paradise," began the creature, much to Sarah's amusement, "are not allowed to hurt one another. It's impossible to do so. Whatever harm we try to do to a person, happens to us instead."

"Oh. So... if you were to say... stab someone, you'd be stabbed instead?" Sarah said, not really believing it.

"Yes! Our God," it said, pointing towards the ground, "made us that way so we could never intentionally harm one another."

"So... you summoned a demon because you wanted to do someone harm?"

"Yes! Bruce. He deserves it thoroughly bec-"

"Wait," Sarah said quickly interrupting, "so you *really* can't harm me?"

"... no, of course not."

"Try," Sarah said encouragingly. She held out an arm and rolled up her sleeve. "Here, pinch me."

"I would rather not."

"Pinch me!" she yelled. The creature swallowed hard, made the sign of an upside down cross on its right chest, and then pinched Sarah's skin between two of its rubbery fingers. Sarah didn't feel a thing.

"Owch!" it said, tenderly rubbing its sore arm.

"That's very interesting," Sarah mused out loud. "Okay, try pulling my hair."

"No, thank you." Red beads of sweat began to run down its cheeks.

"DO IT!" she yelled, taking a threatening step towards it.

It gingerly brought a hand up towards Sarah's head, and gave a quick, hard, tug at her blonde hair. It instantly let go, and gasped in pain. 

"And punch me..."

"N-no,"

Sarah opened her eyes wide and stared at the creature. She heard it gulp loudly before it punched her gently on the arm. 

"Harder!" she ordered. "Or else there'll be trouble!"

The punch to Sarah's chest sent the creature sprawling to the ground, leaving it desperately attempting to suck air in.

"So, I can't be hurt..." she thought aloud. "But I wonder if I can..."

"I'm really so, so sorry," she said, as she punched the creature's head repeatedly. "Honestly, I am. I just need to test a few things."

The demon left the sorcerer's house with an idea in her head, and a dead creature in tow behind. "Paradise," she laughed, "it soon will be."
  


---

More of my stories on /r/nickofnight (plus a different story I wrote for this prompt)


“I have summoned and bound you, demon!  You will listen and obey.”

“Uh, sure.  Whatever you say, boss.”  Michael tried to make out some features of whatever was talking but it was obscured by a dark, heavy robe complete with a hood.  “I do whatcha ask and then you send me back.  You’ll send me home, right?”

“I am the master here!  I will say when you go.”

“Well that’s not fair.  Not fair at all.  I was just sitting, drinking a beer after work and poof.  I’m here.  I didn’t know I could even poof.  And hell, you didn’t even poof my beer.  I would appreciate a beer after being poofed.”

“You will spoke when spoken to!”

“Ah, to hell with this.”  Michael took a step but hit something that felt like cling wrap pulled off leftovers heated in a microwave.  It was uncomfortably warm but not hot enough to burn.  

“My wards bind you!  I am the master here.  I am your master.”

“I said, to hell with this!”  He dropped his shoulder, braced and pushed forward.  The cling wrap stuck to him but it snapped in a moment.  He grabbed the robed figure by the collar and picked it up, a little shocked by how light it was.  

“The wards.  The books said they’d work.  The wards, they can’t be broken.  The wards...”

“Knock it off,” Michael roared.  He pulled its hood down.  “Well, you ain’t nothing but I child.  I mean, you an ugly child, but just a child.”  

“I am no such thing.  I am Olassin, head of House Olazuim, the third of his name.  I have ruled for two decades and brought my house fortune and fame.”

“Forturne and fame huh?”  Michael sniggered.  “You think I’m a demon.  And moreso, you meant to bring me here.  Folks doing well don’t need to seek out demons.”   

Olassin shuffled its feet.  It opened its mouth and then closed it again, dropping its gaze to the floor.  

“That’s what I thought.”  Michael put the little child-man down and asked, “You can poof me back here any time, right?”

Olassin nodded.

Michael let out a long, exaggerated sigh.  “I’m going to fix your problem, whatever it is, and in return, you send me home and never poof me again.  Agreed?”

Olassin nodded, a grin suddenly on its face.  

“But first, you gonna poof my beer for me.  I’m gonna need it to get through this crap.”

edit: typo


It had been a busy week and I was kicking off Friday with a brew. My teenage nightmare of a Friday had turned into my adulthood goal, a quiet night in and video games until too late in the evening.

I set the beer down on the end table, turned around to flop down on the couch when the air was instantly filled with smoke.

I coughed and waved my hand to dispel it, less startled than I should have been given the circumstances. The smoke was gone in an instant, and I looked for the source, only to realize I was not in my living room any more.

Instead i was in what appeared to be in  a small cavern. There were three concentric circles drawn around me in some kind of powder. The closest circle, about 10 feet across, was done in black, then grey and the outermost was in white. There were candles burning, and a crude clay bowl sat on the ground filled with water.

I didn't see the beings at first, until they started making noise. They were small, about up to my ribs, and looked like something from Star Wars. Kinda like a fuzzy Greedo.

Two of them were talking very quickly. The third stared motionless for a few minutes until it burst into tears.

"What on Earth is going on?"

There was an instant of silence and then the other two burst into tears, then the whole lot ran out of the cavern.

What the fuck?

Seeing nothing else to do at the moment, I took measure of my surroundings. I walked out of the circles and strangely felt a slight tug as I passed over them. Odd.

The cavern was pretty big but not colossal. It wasn't a Minecraft style cave that led into the depths of the earth, but the rocky ceiling sloped downward and met the ground maybe two hundred feet from the entrance.

There was a commotion outside as several of those same things came back. These were bigger, and they carried crude spears and shields, made of wood and hide. There were eight of them, followed by a ninth who carried a crude book. The one with the book said a few words, and the others spread out, forming a loose semicircle between myself and the entrance. They closed and leveled their spears.

I put my hands up and tried to smile. I had no idea what the fuck was going on and I wasn't about to be stabbed to death by murderous knock off bounty hunters. I spoke "hey guys, let's all..."

Two shouted, one yelped and they all charged, the spears flashing forward and striking me. Fuck. I guessed that this is how I would go.

There was no pain, just some mild discomfort in a few spots on my body. I opened my eyes after I realized I'd squeezed them shut. The spears were driven into me, the aliens stances showed that they had their full weight behind the thrusts. I looked down. The spear points made tiny dents in my skin.

Poke poke. They attacked again, one hit my belly button and I winced. That's sensitive. He looked pleased with himself, pushed his spear in deeper and twisted it.

"Dude. Stop." I slapped the spear away. I was startled when it exploded into splinters as my hand touched it. The once victorious Greedo held the broken haft, a look of utter horror on his face. He steeled himself as the others backed away, drew a stone knife and charged me, driving it into my chest again and again.

I let him do it. It didn't bother me, and maybe it would be good for him to wear himself out. He was at it for a few minutes maybe before he sagged, lowered himself and made one final stab right at my nads. That was not ok. I held up my hand, stopped the knife, grabbed the blade and pulled it away from him.

He screamed, clutching his now empty hand. Was he a fucking soccer player? Jesus. I looked again and saw he had broken fingers. Had I done that? I hadn't meant to. Fuck me, were these people made of tissue paper or something?

Feeling like the lowest kind of asshole, I offered an apology. The others closed with spears level and the injured Greedo withdrew, cradling his hand. I watched as I was stabbed over and over to no effect.

The one with the book examined the hand and drew his own knife, said something and began to cut. Amputation? Jesus!

I walked forward, gently pushed the others aside and moved to the injured guy. He was terrified. The one with the book opened it, read something and a bolt of lightning snapped from his fingers. It hurt about the same as touching metal after rubbing your feet on the carpet.

I sighed, and took his book away as gently as I could, he released it and cowered.

The injured guy was on the ground now, his eyes full of fear. I could see why. I was evidently Hercules and they were cavemen made of marshmallows.

Remembering my first aid course I ripped a bit of my shirt off and pressed it against his bleeding incision. The bleeding stopped and I looked for a splint. No dice, maybe...

I ran over and took one of the others spears and worked at it. My finger nails cut through it like it was butter. My teeth worked even better. I bit through it and got a piece about as thin as my own finger, and as gently as possible used the stick as a splint, tying it in place.

"Ok. So that's done. Now can we talk?"

Nothing.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

Nothing.

"Boo!"

Screams.

They looked on in abject horror, none of them moving. "Sorry about your hand, buddy." I sighed. "Here's your book." I handed the tome back to the Greedo who had it earlier, who took it with shaking hands...

(I'll write more a little later today if there's any interest) 

Edit: I've replied with part 2. I'll keep going with part 3 later.

Edit:  Like my stories?  Check out my brand new subreddit over at /r/jsgunn!


"Well, that's why you don't trust Samoans..." I trailed off as I realize that something is not quite right. I was reasonably sure that I had just been walking down the street, talking to my good buddy Sully on the phone, but I was now decidedly not on a street. 

"This isn't a street at all!" I exclaimed loudly, as I noticed the ring of candles surrounding me. They sat at the edges of a hastily drawn pentagram. The small room seemed unnaturally hot, and I wondered if there was some sort of furnace near by. I quickly stopped wondering anything of the sort, however, after I noticed the man in purple robes gazing at me fixedly from the far wall of the room. 

I sat there, gaping at him, until I realized that I was still holding my phone. 

"Sully? Are you there?" I asked. No response. I pulled the phone off of my ear and looked at it. No bars. The call had ended. I looked back up at the robed man, who was smiling somewhat smugly. 

"Who are you?" I demanded, with all the authority I could muster after having been unwillingly apparition-ed. Apparited? I don't know. 

"I am the blue wizard of the north, and I hath summoned thee, in order to use your dark talents." the man intoned haughtily. 

"What is this, some kind of nerd convention?" I inquired. "How did you get me here? Did you drug me?" 

"Erhm- no. I hath...summoned thee," he repeated, somewhat befuddled. 

I looked back down at the pentagram, the candles, and was about to berate the man further, when I heard it. The unmistakable sound of something very large, breathing quietly. I looked hastily to me left, where I noticed the open window for the first time. 

"What in God's name..." I half whispered. The man flinched slightly, but I was too entranced to notice. 

Outside of the window, gazing unperturbed at me like a common house cat, stood the hulking figure of what I could only assume was a living, breathing dragon. 

"Ah!" I exclaimed, falling backwards. I tried to scurry away,  but an unstoppable force seemed to be pinning me to the ground. I looked down, only to realize that I had reached the edge of the pentagram. I looked back up at the man in terror, and then back at the dragon. 

"What are you doing to me?" I demanded frantically. 

"Nothing...yet," the man replied, somewhat lackadaisically. 

"I can tell that you're faking that lackadaisical-ness!" I shouted back. The man recoiled slightly, and then recovered himself. 

"So it's true..." he muttered. 

It was at that moment precisely, that I gave up on trying to understand. 

"Oh yeah?" I asked, still locking eyes with several tons of dragon. 

"Your kind, they can see falsehoods!" the man announced excitedly. 

"My kind?" I inquired without looking. 

"Homos." 

"Excuse me?" I demanded, suddenly turning towards him. "I may have taken a couple looks or two at my fellow man, but who hasn't in this day and age-" 

"I'm sorry, do you prefer Sapien?" he asked. "Or human?" he added, in afterthought. 

"Oh...yeah, human is good." 

___
/r/Periapoapsis


continued straight from the prompt...

__

Now... Luckily I'm a redditor, and things like being summoned against your will into an unknown world/situation are a common topic so I had thought through this scenario before. Otherwise I would appear quite confused at my situation and not at all in control of the situation.

"Why have you summoned me?" I bellowed in my best impression of pompous and evil.

The sorcerer scrambled back a few steps, "I have summoned you to make a deal."

I was not sure what it was I was supposed to provide, but as this seemed fairly common for magic I hoped it was something I was capable of. 

"You know the price?" I asked haughtily.

"Certainly, one talent of gold and my immortal soul."

I pondered this silently, I had only heard of talents in bible stories but I remembered someone saying that was about 75lbs.  I unfortunately did not trade in gold on a regular basis and my phone probably couldn't access the internet from wherever this was; but I knew it was something like $1000 an ounce. 16 ounces per lb x 75 lbs... screw it I pulled out my phone.

The mage reacted with alarm, "What infernal device is that? Know that I am protected by the circle!"

I held up a finger to shush him as I opened the calculator app and figured out how much money I stood to make on this deal...whatever it was.  I whistled between my teeth as the number stared up at me $1.25 Million.

"Stop!  Stop I can't take it!" The magician screamed. "The circle should have protected me!"

I looked back at him dumbly with my face lit softly by my glowing cell phone screen.  "Stop...what?"

"That noise!  We cannot stand the sound of your chanting and whatever it is you were doing with your voice just now!"

I once again went silent, not knowing that the otherworldly light of my screen was making me look quite demonic at the moment. "You mean... whistling?" I chirpped softly at the end to demonstrate.

"YES!"

Interesting... "So what is the task you have summoned me for?"

The mage stood back upright, "I need you to defeat the army at our doorstep,  use your damning tongue to rain down hell and bring madness to the troops."

"You want me to... sing?"

A tentative nod.

"Okay... where is this army?"  

The sorcerer pointed to an arrow slit window in the side of the tower.  I could see several dozen burly men in various armor standing outside the gates a dozen feet below... this was an army?

"This is an army?" I said intelligently, "Where I come from, an army is usually hundreds if not thousands of men."

"We are aware of your warlike ways and preference for violence but that is not our way.  We only wish to drive away the force below as quickly as possible and make them think twice about attacking again."

I looked down at the phone in my hand again and brought up a video I kept on it to send to my friends randomly.  I was about to hit play when I turned back to the mage, "You might want to cover your ears."

> We're no strangers to love

>You know the rules and so do I

>A full commitment's what I'm thinking of

>You wouldn't get this from any other guy


>I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling

>Gotta make you understand

>Never gonna give you up


>Never gonna let you down

>Never gonna run around and desert you

>Never gonna make you cry

>Never gonna say goodbye

>Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you...


"What do you mean I can't leave these drinks on my tab? I've been coming here for years."


"New corporate rules. Ever since we were bought out by Wild Buffalo Bar Corp. No running tabs, no discounts, no happy hours," explained Chet, my favorite bartender.


"Well I guess I better go hit the ATM and see what I've got in the bank. I don't get paid until tomorrow," I explained as I walked off to the store across the street. The rain had looked quiet and gentle from outside, but now as I crossed the street it was cold and uninviting. As I approach the ATM is notice the out of order sign. I shrug and make my way back across the street. "Well Chet I guess put this on my credit card."


He takes the card and swipes, swipes again, and then looks at me with a mixture of sympathy and frustration. "Declined. Sorry man. Look I'll get your drinks tonight if you pay me back tomorrow." He stopped polishing the bar for a moment to note the television. President Donald Trump was on the news again.


"If I didn't know any better I would say we're in hell, Chet." I left the bar around midnight to drown my sorrows at home. It had been a long day at the office. Telemarketing was the only work I had been able to find after I was laid off in 2008. Every day was miserable and the only relief was getting drunk enough to forget what I would be doing for work the next day.

But something was wrong. I didn't recognize this street at all. There were cobblestones and streetlamps. Some kind of vintage lamps I guess, that looked like real fire. There was a smell in the air I didn't quite recognize, were they burning real oil? Since when did the city do this kind of thing? 

I stopped dead in my tracks as I realized I was surrounded by a circle of candles. Below my feet were some kind of ancient runes that glowed and shifted positions. I turned to see a small, childlike figure wearing a dark wide-brimmed hat and oversized spectacles. 

"Who the fuck are you?!" I shouted as the startled figure squeaked and jumped behind a stack of barrels. He remained there paralyzed with fear for several seconds. "What the fuck is going on here? Why am I standing in this circle of candles?"

Determined to get home, I started to turn around and go the way I came. As I walked over the candles however, I was blown backwards by some powerful force. The childlike figure behind the barrels changed his expression into one of sheer joy.


"It works!" He exclaimed. He came out from behind the barrels, adjusting his glasses and examining me closely. I realized he was not a child, but rather a very small and dainty old man in over sized clothes. "Tell me your name demon," he asked in a now somewhat commanding tone. 

"Jamal," I replied. "And I'm not a demon. Who the fuck are you."


"I'm Cervilpop the magician. I have summoned you to help us in the great war against the Mugwumps. And of course you are a demon, look how big you are. Your frightening features, you coarse voice. If you aren't a demon you sure look like one."


"Okay...Mugwumps?"


"Yes a terrible race of ferocious creatures. We have been in conflict for years now. But now that we have a powerful demon on our side, victory will be ours!"


"I'm not a demon," I explained. "I'm just a guy trying to get back home."


"Home to hell you mean? Ha. You may not return until you have done my service, those are the rules."


"I have to help you kill Mugwumps and then I go home?" I asked skeptically. I kept looking around for the cameras knowing this was some kind of viral video. A disturbed expression crossed Cervilpop's face. 


"Kill them? Oh lords, no! Jamal, we need you to take up arms to defeat them in honorable combat, an epic game of dodge ball to  end this war once in for all!"


"Wait, dodgeball? You've been fighting a war for centuries over dodge ball?" What kind of crazy world is this? Wouldn't it be easier just to fight them in a real war?"


Cervilpop laughed nervously. "Maybe that's how it all works in hell, but here we settle our differences with honor. Combat by dodgeball is the most honorable combat there is. We play dodgeball against the Mugwumps because they want to paint the Great Hall we all eat and drink in yellow. Yellow! can you imagine that?"


I shrugged. I figured maybe this was it. I have finally had a nervous breakdown.  "So where's this great hall?"


"Two blocks that way," he replied gesturing over his shoulder.


"Beer there?"


"Of course."


"How much does it cost?" I asked skeptically.


"It's beer, it doesn't cost anything."


"Maybe I am from hell. Show me this great hall, Cervilpop. I'm down for a game of dodge ball, too, whenever."


"Shit shit shit" I said under my breath as I raced down the sidewalk towards the bus. It was raining and all I could do was hold my unopened umbrella above my head as I ran. It obviously didn't help, so when I finally reached the bus stop panting and ready to fall over I was completely soaked through.
The bus doors were already closing when I reached it, but being desperate I managed to jam my umbrella between the gap in the doors before they closed. The door creaked rather loudly and the driver looked at me as if I were a fucking lunatic. I was still trying to catch my breath and very late so being crazy was the least of my problems.
After a moment the driver grudgingly opened the doors once more. I gave him a small 'thank you' between gasps, but he just glared at me at motioned for me to take my seat.
I sat down next to an elderly man listening to something on an old Walkman. He didn't pay me any attention, but continued to hum what sounded like dream lover.
I pulled off my glasses and began to wipe away the rainwater as I muttered a thanks to whatever god cared enough to receive it for making it on the bus in time. I had only just started my new job and the boss was as stoic as they come, so I really couldn't​ afford to be late. It hadn't taken long enough to get the damn job, anyway.

Of course I'll probably never be able keep that job now. Not with what happened about five minutes into the bus journey. One minute I was looking out to the passing storefronts with the old man now humming some blues tune and the next I had collapsed onto a hardwood floor in a room where everything was dim and smelled of old books and damp. 

Managing to left my head up and put my now bent glasses back on, I saw that I was now in what looked like a attic. There were towers of books everywhere.
Getting myself into a sitting position I noticed I was surrounded by what looked like candles. There were five of them and they were all black and arranged in a circle around me. There were white trails on the floor connecting the candles. It looked like paint and as I inspected the pattern I noticed it formed a star. Frowning I looked up and nearly had a heart attack. There in front of the point of the star stood an old man in what looked like a long and dark robe. He stood perfectly still with a rather heavy looking book held open in front of him in his hands. He was smiling, or rather he was smiling at me. That's when I felt a tendril of fear run up along my spine. I backed away, my heart now begining to beat very quickly as the old man smiled at me. I hit a wall and I couldn't move any further. Looking back I saw there was no wall, but for some reason the area just before the candle was solid and I could not move past it. That's when the old man spoke.
"That's a barrier around you, demon. You cannot move beyond it" he said, his voice deep and grave. He looked pleased with himself. Utterly confused, I gulped and tried to speak. 
"Ugh... who..who are you?" I stuttered. I had meant for it to come out more level, but I had so many questions and scenarios running through my head I guess it couldn't be helped.
"I am Lord Alsen Bodyth of the mage council, but you may call me master, demon" he proclaimed, sounding very proud.
I frowned. "De..demon?"
"Yes, but not just any demon. You're my demon" he pointed out, now grinning. That creeped me the fuck out, but all I could do was give a shaky laugh and say
"But... I.. I'm not a... demon" I wasn't entirely sure of what he was talking about, but I didn't liked it.
He gave me an understanding look and a nod "yes, yes, that's what they all say, but believe me demon, demon you are. I would know. I summoned you myself from the hell plain..." He looked down to his book for a moment searching for the name. Then having found it he looked back up and, still smiling, said "... Earth"


"Naturally, it's your genetics and evolutionary upbringing that lead to such [TRANSLATION MISSING - Suggestion: sanity curdling bloodlust that all sentient lifeforms would cringe away from in existential horror] among your people." The device doing the translating, a slim piece of floating aluminium foil, by the looks of it, certainly took its time cross-referencing that particular idiomatic expression. But perhaps...

Thinking carefully, I slowly pronounced each word, striving for the formal language it seemed to understand best. "Mighty-Kelp-Organ-464, might I possibly help improve your translating device?"

A small hologram flipped up, revealing a " :) ", an extremely useful feature, as the Rylonian equivalent was scent based. I could definitely detect it. I could almost taste it. But I still hadn't quite got the nuances of their expression down. Was it slightly more 'wet dog', this time? Or maybe my olfactory cilia were committing hari-kari one by one to defend my psyche from the assault.

I digress. It's been a long 48 hours. 

"Perhaps 'The Human Condition' might be an appropriate substitution."

"Thank you Meat-Friend. Mighty-Kelp-Organ.464 will be pleased to accept such an contribution. Please accept a gift of another of your metric units of P79 N118."

Hey, it wasn't all bad. The smells, the lack of sleep, the ceaseless barrage of noise and light that the almost blind and deaf Rylonians require to comprehend their tele-screens, sure, not pleasant, but it's much easier to say 'this too shall pass' when small blocks of extremely heavy metal keep materialising at my feet.

"As I was saying, I in no way disparage your right as an individual to sentience-recognition by the Sector Administration, far from it. You've proven to be extremely [TRANSLATION ERROR - Multiple substitutions available: Relaxed/peaceful/not murderous] throughout your stay. It is simply that," Mighty-Kelp shifted slightly, and I pretended not to notice the forcefields flickering. "Well, as a species you seem remarkably insane. Forecasts give your species another two hundred and fifty seven years before homo sapiens goes extinct in the wild."

I blinked at that.

"Hence, no committee would ever declare your kind, in your current state, a suitable candidate for recognition. Therefore..."

"You want me to murder one of your colleagues?"

Mighty-Kelp-Organ.464 flapped around at that. The translation device slide smoothly out of the way, evidently used to the flailing. Lumpy tentacles smeared with some sort of jelly flollopped and glollopped around, spattering fluids. After about a minute of this, it seemed to calm down. I couldn't smell anything though. I think my nose has actually shut down.

Oh well. Probably for the best. Rylionian cussing could probably kill a man at a dozen paces.

"I repeat, Meat Friend, That this would *not* be murder. Murder is a premeditated act by a sentient creature on another. This would be an accident, a terrible, terrible, highly specific accident. I grieve pre-emptively for Mighty-Kelp-Organ.12, but my [TRANSLATION ERROR - Multiple substitutions available: Promotion/breeding rights/spiritual status] has already been trampled on for long enough."

"And afterwards?"

"Well, while the lawyers hash it out, you'll need to stay in a secure facility planetside. No doubt about it though, as a known invasive species, they will return you to your natural habitat with not a hair out of place."

"Well... I really don't know. If your legal system is anything like Earth's, I could be stuck out here for years."

"We have the technology to fabricate [TRANSLATION MISSING - Suggestion: Blackjack and hookers.]"

"Deal."


"You see it? That is what I crave. The Rajpank of Avoothenkor."

"That's what you want? That's why I'm here?"

"With that I could rule this World. But I cannot have it, for it is not mine."

"So there's guards, cameras, lasers? What's the deal?"

"I don't understand."

"What's guarding it? You know, the security? I don't want to get roughed up or arrested or anything." I could see his confusion. "What's to stop you taking it?"

"I cannot take it. It is not mine."

Was that anger in his voice? They're all so weird and calm around here I just didn't know.

I stepped forward. Nothing. Looked around, reached out a hand, another look. What the fuck is up with this place? I passed the rock to my new friend.

"There you go."

"How did you do that?"

"Like this" I grabbed the rock from him, tossed it in the air a couple of times and then passed it back.

"God forgive me. What Stygian power is this? By what demonic force, by what heaven banished treachery do you control the fates of man and mete out of this global dominion with the ease and abandon of a careless god? What have I done? Have I gained so much and lost myself? No, their praise shall be my balm and my power the tonic to ease the pains of my troubled soul."

"Well, good luck with that and everything, but this place is freaking me out. When can you send me back? You said you'd send me back when we were done."

"Yes. But I may have need of your powers in the future. Here, take this as a sign of my gratitude." He reached into his satchel and pulled out a small round orange object and handed it to me.

With a faint pop I was back at Cheryl's retirement party. Steve noticed me appear in a corner. "Hey," he asked, "where'd you get that orange?"


"So you're telling me that you summoned me..." You said, as the apprentice nodded at you.

"Yup..."

"In my bathtub..." You say, a sheet wrapped around your waist.

"Sorry about that..."

"As I was cuddling with the love of my life..."

"Again, sorry..."

"And you have no idea how to send me back."

"I...yes?"

"Son..." You say, staring him down with not the gentlest of gazes. "You will find a way to get me back, right now, or you and I are gonna have some words."


The room's runes glowed with such warding powers that the candles only served the purpose of spell ingredients.  I paused the game, I was already at a pay point anyway having died multiple times because I needed the sword of Amecles to kill Hexigron and $3.99 was not in today's budget.  

I made a step backwards in shock only to be thrown forward, a second bump on my forehead threw me back. I noticed the chaos symbol on the ceiling, it was surrounded by two vipers swallowing each others tails to make a circle.     

The sound of louboutin's coming down announced her arrival, her skin almost radiated with her beauty. Enticing beauty, an attractiveness that seduced and corrupted all that stared at it for too long, the kind that would tempt a man to eat an apple he'd specifically been told not to by someone who could create galaxies.  

"Victoorrrr...." she purred out. A finger ran across my shoulders, then down my spine.    

"What do you want Lucy?"  

"Nothing."  

"Nothing?"   

"Not yet anyway, today I want to give you something."   

"I'm not interested in what you're selling."  

"Oh I'm sure you are, and would you turn around who gets summoned facing the wrong way?"    

I spun to face an altar in front of it was a silver throne cast in the image of men kneeling. Lucy sat on the back of one, the armrests being the arms of two men standing.   

"You're sure you wouldn't be interested in anything I have to offer?"  

"I'm sure."  

"Not even this?" she lifted up a small test tube, it glowed bright blue, the faces on her throne shifted their gaze as she waved it in the air. Even they knew what she held.  

My mouth hung open. I could feel the essence calling me, pleading it needed to be back home. She flung it to the floor and as it shattered it made it's way to me. My lungs filled with life, cloudy eyesight cleared and my heart raced faster as she waved her hands and I found my self back in my apartment. The doorway to heaven started to form. At last my ascendance.      

As I soaked it all in my back stiffened.  She gave me something she knew I couldn't pay for. She was trying to get more than a favor from me. She was trying to earn loyalty. She would have to come calling some day. What scared Lucifer so badly she needed to make allies?    
     
      
*** 

You can read more of my stories at /r/pagefighter.


You'd think this would throw me off. You'd think I'd be disoriented. But I've always been a fast learner and I've played *a lot* of D&D. Like *weeks*. I channeled my annoyance at being interrupted into the first thing that popped into my head.

"WHO SUMMONS THE ALL-PURPOSE NERD?" I boomed. I stand straight and tall and flex a little. Yeah.

"Oh great foul being of America, I implore your assistance!" Little bald dude with fancy purple robes and a black fu manchu 'stache. Is he a gnome? I can't place his accent at all, but it's clear English is not his first language.

"My patience is finite, sorcerer." I'm getting a better look at my surroundings, and it looks like my summoner reads Better Caves and Dungeons. It's like someone set up a Victorian-era office in a red-tinted Elizabethan castle. Books, papers, ink, quills, no messier than my room. Actually, probably less messy than my room, to be honest.

He starts into his spiel about a rival mage, something about intellectual dishonesty and birthright. His accent borders on indecipherable when he gets upset. The whole thing smacks of feuding academics. Basically, 'he stole my thesis, go beat him up.'

I stand with crossed arms trying to look badass and pensive. I wonder, if I'm killed here, do I just go back, or am I legit dead? Every feels pretty 'world of cardboard' here and I'm *pretty sure* the gravity is lighter.

This could be fun as Hell.

"Hmm. Very well. Bring me wine and a sword."

He hesitates. "Uh... Yes. At once!" And he rushes off. He leaves me alone long enough to start going through his books and stuff. Most of it's in... idunno, *gnomish* or whatever, big surprise. Indecipherable except for the diagrams (which look like the quantum mechanical equivalent of alchemy). But I do find a softcover 1988 Almanac, just like the ones Grandma used to throw at us.

He eventually returns with what looks like a hunting knife and a roughly eight-ounce bottle, only a little bigger than what you get on airplanes.

"...really?"

"My Lord, this is the best I have."

I snatch the bottle out of his hand and drain it. It's not the worst red wine I've ever had. Also, I don't really like red wine, like *at all*, but I figured "a can of strawberry seltzer, a can of Diet Coke, and a shot of Everclear" would be three or four alien concepts to this guy. I don't like asking people for stuff they can't deliver.

I examine his "sword." It's a *big knife,* but it's still just a knife to me. Like a cross between a bowie knife and a wakizashi. The handle's a little skinny, but I figure this dude's got small hands. It's actually pretty cool. I find the darkened blade to be weirdly flexible. "Is this *bronze*?"

"Yes, my Lord." His accent's thickening again. He must be afraid of me. That's awesome.

I tuck the bottle in my back pocket and check my phone. It claims it's 5:23, but I unsurprisingly have no service. "Alright, let's go shed some blood."


At one moment, there was fog. At the next, I find myself standing in a circle of candles, in a darkened room, with nothing but the smell of burning wax and stuffiness, like being inside one of those old military outposts that they keep for posterity. You ever put your hand against a vacuum hose? Imagine that, but going throughout your entire body. That’s the closest I can describe the sensation of being in one place, and then being pulled to wherever this was. 

“YES! YES IT WORKED! DO YOU SEE, ASTIEL!? DO YOU SEE?” I turned quickly to see where the voice came from. Standing before me, beyond the candle barrier, was a man, if you could call him that, wearing excessively large dark robes. Protruding from holes in the back of the robes however, was a set of large white feathered wings. Yes, wings. Like the ones you see on depictions of heaven. 

“M-master...Do be careful...these demons can be quite dangerous.” Another voice commented, standing beyond the darkness. *Demon? What the hell is he talking about?* As my eyes slowly adjusted from the brightness of the sun to the dimness of this room, I began to see chairs, workbenches, bookcases. The floors were of old stone, and where I was standing did not feel strictly...*level*. 

“Quiet, quiet. Ahem...Demon Thomas. I have summoned you here to do my bidding. Do you understand? You will OBEY ME!” The ‘master’ shouted, and thrust an open palm in my direction. I winced, expecting to feel some sort of strange sensation. I felt literally nothing. I stared blankly at him for a moment.

“Erm...Master…?” The second voice behind him spoke with uncertainty. 

“LOOK, I…” As I spoke, the very words seem to come out of something that wasn’t me. It was deep, it was dark, it seemed to breathe flame into the very air around me. This shocked me as much as them. I took a step back, and bumped into something that felt hard, but simply wasn’t there. It didn’t make any sense. Kind of like pushing into a trampoline that was a lot less elastic. The master seemed to regain his composure at this point, and stepped forward.

“Thomas. Remain calm or I will MAKE you calm.” There’s only so much talking down to that I can hear before it pisses me off. My blood began to boil. I felt hot. And, as I noted later, that was because fire was coming out of my skin.

“THEN MAKE ME CALM!” I shouted, and the words came out like a shotgun blast. The fire I mentioned? It started flaring out with a fury that smashed into the candle barrier. It was like watching a tree burn in the latest stages of the fire, when all that’s left is an ashen husk with the flames still raging. I know fire’s bad. But I got caught up in the moment. I didn’t care. I punched the barrier. Instead of that hardened elasticity, this time there was a crack. The barrier was coming down.

“SHIT! MASTER SEND HIM BACK, SEND HIM BACK NOW!” The voice cried out in panic, and the flames revealed that he was waving his arms about erratically. The master, at this point, quickly grabbed a nearby tome, and began chanting in a shaking voice a dialect I could not understand. 

Meanwhile, I continued to play the part of rampaging demon, because I felt power. Power that didn’t exist in my normal life. Power that made me feel like I could finally grab my destiny and make it what I wanted it to be. No more pushing carts at the grocery store. No more nights of instant ramen. No, finally, I can shape things the way I want them to be. And then I felt that familiar feeling of being sucked through a vacuum hose.

“NO!”

There was fog. And there I was, standing like I had never left. I started pacing back and forth on the grass, garnering all kinds of strange looks from random patrons in the park. I didn’t care though. When I was there, I had power. I could summon fire from my being. I had the strength of a being far better than my own. There, I was the demon Thomas. Here though, I am nothing. I want it back. 

I NEED it back.


There were many questions I had, but I wasn't entirely sure how to react. I *was* in my house, but *now* I'm in a budget Lord of the Rings.

That included the wizard who looked like he'd both just pissed himself and had won the lottery. 

"Good... GOOD... Now, my slave... DESTROY MY ENEMIES! Turn their skulls into paste! Their bodies into ash! Send their souls... TO OBLIVION!" The mage throatily screeched at me, followed by perhaps *the* most cliche evil laugh in the history of human existence.

"Uhhhh... Wut?"

"You... You're... Not obeying?"

"Sorry dude, but who are you again?"

"ME? I'M THE LEGENDARY WIZARD SALTHAZAR THE ALMIGHTY, DESTROYER OF REALMS!"

"So... Why do you need me?"

"I... Um... It's a rest day."

"Uh-huh..."

"Don't question me! You're the demon here!"

Yeah... Real funny dude...

Wait what?

"Demon? Me?"

"Yes! That's why I summoned you here!"

"Uhhh..."

"And now that you are here... You shall slay my enemies, and bring this world to its knees!"

"Uhhh... Sorry dude... I don't do anything unless it's in writing..."

"You mean a contract? Never fret! The mighty Salthazar has one right here!" He shoved a piece of parchment in my face, the various scribbles were probably words... Right?

"Uh... Huh... Yeah... This is..."

"Now... Destroy, my Demon!"

This guy's clearly mad. Time to find my way back.

Looking around, I quickly formed a plan.

I ran around, blowing out all the candles and knocking over as much as I physically could, just generally causing as much damage as possible.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! STOP DESTROYING MY WORKSHOP!"


"What? You said "Destroy". You never said *what* to destroy after signing the contract." I shrugged and carried on laying ruin to what I'm guessing is this mans livelihood.

Salthazar sulked and slumped into a corner, "Now I see why they told me never to trust Demons..."


"Da hell?"

When finals ended I had resolved to spend no moment of the weekend sober. One moment I had been sitting on the steps of my apartment building smoking a cigarette, fending off last night's hangover with a bottle of whiskey, and the next I was sitting in a small, darkened room.

"Where's my cig... FUCK!"

Having located my still lit cigarette burning a hole through the crotch of my jeans I leapt to my feet, hitting my head on the ceiling while frantically brushing the embers off my lap. The blow to the head, while not at all sobering, at least alerted me to the fact this room was even smaller than I originally thought. Upon closer inspecting I realized that the room was built and furnished in such a way that it may have been a grand cathedral to tiny people. As I finished brushing the remaining embers off my lap I registered small, frantic voices somewhere in the room.

"Did you see? It can create fire! This will be perfect!"

"It's huge, Dina! I don't think this was a good idea..."

"We did everything perfectly. It has to obey us, Ariel, don't worry."

Squinting in the direction of the voices, I managed to focus my unsteady gaze on what appeared to be two young girls, normal in appearance except for the fact that they were no more than a foot tall.

In a more sober state I would have asked them who or what they are, where I was, how I got here, or why everything seemed to be a fifth of it's normal size besides me. Instead, what came out was;

"Pfffffft, HAHAHA, you're so small, HAHAHAHA!"

"Demon! We have summoned you to do our bidding", said Dina confidently, though visibly shaken my my laughter. "You are under our control and we will not release you until you have fulfilled our wishes."

"Uh, okay, I'll do that. What'm I doin?" 

"You will exact our vengeance upon those who have shunned us. They are right out there", said Dina, pointing toward a tiny curtained window I hadn't noticed before. 

I unsteadily laid down on the ground. Using a finger I forced the curtains open and looked outside. This definitely wasn't the rainy Pacific Northwest I lived in. It appeared to be a tropical paradise. I looked across a tiny street to a white sandy beach. There was a group girls there, they looked much more popular than the two in the room with me. Noticing me looking back at them, Ariel said sincerely;

"They're mean. They always pick on us."

"Those bitches", I said as I drunkenly crawled on my knees toward the front door of the church and forced my way through the small opening.

As I stood up at full height, now outside in a pleasant summer heat, I could see small people and cars stopping to stare at my massive size. Spreading my arms wide and pounding my feet into the ground, I said in my best giant's voice:

"FEE FI FO FUM! YOU WILL ALL BOW BEFORE ME!"

As the streets cleared as tiny people fled in fear, I looked back at Ariel and Dina to find them smiling.

See, I told you it would work", Dina said to Ariel as I turned back to look at the paradise before me.

"Well, if this is my life now, should be fun", I thought to myself. "I hope they have booze."


Just another day. That's how it started at least. I woke up around 4:30 pm and started getting ready for my night shift. This whole grown up adult job thing wasn't all it had cracked up to be. Twelve hour shifts in a cramped room dealing with all the idiots my city had to offer. I guess you could say it was like hell on earth.

As I stepped outside and turned to lock my apartment behind me, I felt an odd sensation. Like something was about to happen but. I could say what. Just as I was about to shrug it off and take the short stroll to my car, a plume of smoke that smelled of sulfur enveloped me. And then everything went black.

When my vision finally returned, I almost thought I had somehow teleported to work. Small space, dimly lit. Felt like work for sure. But as the blurriness cleared from my eyes, I started to notice things. Candles. All in a circle and chalk lines between them. In the corner stood a figure, but I couldn't make anything else out at first.

"It worked!" came a shout from the figures direction. "Holy hell it actually worked!" The excitement in the figures voice was almost palpable. "Now that you're here, I can finally call myself a summoner!" the unknown figure said as it approached me.

The figure entered the candle lit circle and stood just a few feet from me. I could see now it was a young woman, maybe 25. She wasn't unattractive either with bright green eyes and a curly blonde hair. Then it hit me like a sledgehammer. What the actual hell is going on here?

"A summoner? Listen, I don't know how you got me here or what you're expecting but you're gonna have to catch me up here. Number one, where am I? Number two, forget that I need to get to work." I said with a mix of bewilderment and frustration.

"You're on earth. I summoned you here so I could finally be a summoner. Summoning an actual demon is the last part of the initiation." I looked at the young woman with an almost extreme amount of incredulity.

"You've got to be kidding me. Wow. It's not enough that I somehow managed to get Kidnapper but to get kidnapped by a fanatic about some kinda demon cult. This is icing on the cake" I spat out as I turned to leave the circle and find the exit. What? Was she gonna stop a grown man from getting out of here? As if.

"You can't leave yet" she said from behind me very calmly. I ignored her and kept searching for a door. A window. Anything that could get me out of here. "You gonna stop me?" I shot back at her. "I have a job to get to and bills to pay. Whatever fantasy or lunacy is going on with you, leave me out of it and get some other gullible sap to play with you" I added over my shoulder. "I for one---"

Suddenly I was whisked away from that dimly lit room. Before I even know what had happened I was standing next to a car that had its bonnet wrapped around a tree and a fire hydrant next to it spouting water freely into the air. Next to me stood a familiar face with a look on his face only comparable to that of a teenager telling his dad that he took the car without permission. 

I looked at the scene and then back at the man. "Don't worry Kevin, you're covered!" I barely got the words out before being transported back to my work office to type up the paperwork for Mr. Kevin and his claim before being whisked away on another claim.


"What on earth....?!?!?" I cried, hands trying to cover my body. All I had on were my bra and underwear, and the room I suddenly found myself in was quite chilly.

"Demon! I have summoned you to do my bidding!"

My eyes turned to a large, red, scaled creature to the left of me. He stood outside of the pentagram I was kneeling in. "WHAT did you just call me?"

"Tell me your name, demon, so I may bind you to me!" said the creature. 

"Ok, FIRST of all, I am not a demon. Rude. Secondly, I would have told you my name if you hadn't said THAT creepyness. And thirdly WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING HERE."

The creature shifted uncomfortably and turned a page in a dusty, old tome. His eyes shifted across the page. "No, you are a demon of the succubus classification. I am sure of it. You look just like the picture, though not all of you is bare."

He turned the tome towards me to show what could only be described as something out of Playboy. 

"Succubus??? Wow, ok. This is making me rethink some of my life decisions... What exactly did you 'summon' me here for?"

"You will teach me the art of... erm... lovemaking." His eyes shifted away from me and his scales took on a blue hue.

"Nope. Nope. Not happening. Send me home and get someone else, because that is sooooo not going to happen." I stood up and attempted to grab the tome from him. My hand stopped short, and it felt as though I punched a wall.

"You will do as I bid or you will not leave," he growled.

"Well get comfortable, then," I snarled back. "What makes you think you can do this to me? Would you kidnap some lizard girl from your world, hold her captive aginst her will, and try to rape her?"

The creature looked alarmed. "Of course not, I..."

"So WHAT exactly makes you think you can do it to me? I'm a person too!" I shouted. "Aren't there whores here? Go hire one!"

"There are not. No one needs to sell themselves here. Am I so hideous that even a demon will not touch me...?" He looked away.

"Ok, cut the self pity. You are not the victim here. Besides, I wouldn't know if you're ugly or not. I've never seen anything like you. Your scales are kind of pretty I guess..."

"You think so? I haven't oiled them recently. I've been too depressed."

"Why's that?"

"....well, the love of my life doesn't even know exist." 

"And you thought summoning a demon to teach you how to have good sex would fix that? Have you even talked to her?"

"Well, no...."

"You dumbass. Next time you think of screwing with the underworld, maybe ask yourself, 'Is this something good communication could fix?' She is not going to give a damn about how good you are in bed if you've never even spoken to her."

The creature gaze swung to meet my own. "But that could compensate for..."

"What? A lack of good looks? Charm? Personality? Guess what, you're never going get close to her if she doesn't find you interesting. Start focusing on who you are instead. And if she cares more about how you look on the outside versus the inside, she's not worth it," I lectured, sitting back down. I wrapped my arms around my legs for warmth.

"I suppose I never thought about it that way." The creature pursed his lips, a thoughtful expression looming across his face.

"Great. Now, in exchange for my sage and otherworldly advice, I demand you send me back to my room before I freeze to death."

"May I summon you again?"

"N... You know what? Yea, sure. Next time don't do it while I'm changing, though. My name is Mara Schmidt."

"I am Abigor. See you soon."

Poof.


"Look man, I don't think you know what you're doing. There's gonna be some serious repercussions for this kind of shit," Tom said as he leaned back in his chair, glowering at a sweaty, porcine man across the table from him.

"I've got to fucking do it, Tom," Greg whimpered out, his lower lip quivering ever so slightly. He held out a closed fist, opened it, and a handful of dice scattered across the table. It was almost like a movie, eyes all fixated on the d20 as it clattered to a stop. A natural 20. The crowd went wild and Tom launched out of his chair, hands pressed to his temples in a gesture of supreme existential horror. Once the din of the table died down, Tom finally unfroze from his statuesque position and slumped back into his chair.

"... No." Greg's face scrunched up into a pout.

"C'mon man, it was a natural 20! I seduced the Lich!"

"No, dude. I'm sick of you constantly fucking up my plans with your bullshit amazing luck. I would rather DIE than see you do what you're doing."

Just as Greg was about to retort, a crack of lightning shook the room around them and Tom exploded in a gout of black smoke. As the rest of the table did a quick check of the contents of their britches, Greg stammered out the one thing he could think to say: "Did he just straight up fucking explode?!"

Unfortunately for Tom, he did not in fact "straight up fucking explode." The next thing he knew, he was falling flat on his ass against a hard stone floor. If Tom, let alone any human being ever, had actually been subject to a demon summoning ritual as he just had, he would know the typical signs and symptoms: candles, maybe a candelabra if his host was fancy, salt circles, and some adorable little munchkin-type people in robes who had just summoned a hellbeast of unimaginable power. As one could expect, Tom was reasonably alarmed and upset. He scrambled back against the wall, knocking over many a tiny chair and smashing a table or two with accidental ease.

"What the fuck just happened?!" The summoners, witnessing the wrath of a dark lord, began to scream. Only one of them did not panic. The short little wrinkled creature gazed solemnly upon him, an open book cradled in one hand. Tom's mouth went slack and eyes wide when he truly perceived the creature's face.

"Oh my god... you've got an adorable little pug face!" he practically squealed. While Tom immediately regretted his reaction, it was no less true. Every single one of them was an adorable little bipedal pug person. In a little hooded robe. One of them even has a cute little walking stick!

"Thomas Kinsey!" the tiny creature belted out in a somewhat squeaky voice, pointing at a bewildered Tom. "By your true name, I bind you to my will!"

"I... I'm sorry, what?" Tom inquired, squinting incredulously. "Bind me? Like I'm some kind of demon or something?" All those years of D&D were finally paying dividends. This seemed to throw the wee sage off balance, now wide-eyed and flipping through the book as quickly as he could, one of his compatriots clinging to his arm and babbling nigh incomprehensibly.

"I told you we shouldn't have mettled with the dark arts! He's going to fry us in sulfur pits and strip the meat from our bones!" Tom couldn't help but look fairly disgusted.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, what are you on about? I don't even know why I'm here. Or where here even is. Who ARE you?"

The leader of this ragamuffin group stepped forward, looking wary but less terrified of their guest at this point.

"I am Gynklef, my Lord," he said with a proper bow. "We have summoned you here to strike a dark bargain, if you would hear our terms." Tom, once again, glanced at the figure incredulously. This has got to be a dream. Or a stroke. It can't be reality, at the very least.

"... oooookay. Uh... what are your terms?" He crossed his arms over his chest, still fairly unsure of what was actually happening. Maybe he was dead and this was some crazy little fantasy in his head as the last of his neurons sputtered out. An aneurysm would make sense.

"We bring you precious stones and gems to curry favor, in hopes that you will help my people overthrow the cruel oppressors that so long ago usurped the throne from my father's father..." With a gesture, one of the other pug-monks pushed a battered chest up to the periphery of the circle and opened it, revealing a pile of gold nuggets and raw, uncut gems.

"We know your kind has a penchant for that which shines and lies within the earth. It is yours, if you will help us." Tom stood agog, staring at the chest. He'd be set for life if he could take that back with him. There was an emerald as big as his fist just sitting there! He shook himself from his stupor and sighed.

"I mean... what can I do? I'm just one guy," he muttered, scuffing the heel of a shoe against the grimy stone floor.

"Perhaps... but one of your kind is required to operate... THE ARTIFACT." Hushed whispers among the congregation could be heard. Tom arched a single brow.

"The artifact? What is it?"

"An item of incredible power... it has brought down kingdoms before, broken the wills of those who would seek to stand against it, and brought terror to those who even hear its name." The tiny figure gestured to one of his compatriots. 

"Bring it here, quickly!"

After a lengthy pause, the sound of wagon wheels could be heard against the floor, and through the door entered what almost appeared to be an upright and ornately decorated coffin on wheels. Grynklef drew an ancient looking key, inset with bone, and released the locks.

"Behold! Terrorscream, Render of Kingdoms!" he bellowed (as well as someone with his lung capacity could) as he flung the door open, revealing...

"... a fucking vacuum," Tom stated flatly. Grynklef nodded solemnly.

"It is a weapon we do not use lightly, but... times are desperate. More of my people die by the day." Tom nodded solemnly for a moment, and stepped from the circle, brushing a hand across the handle of this vacuum that looked like it belonged in the Warhammer universe.

"Okay, little dog dudes... let's topple a kingdom."


Jason dropped the carboard box onto the one he had set down prior, and stepped back. He held his lower back and arched. Fuck, this retail stocking shit is not fun. Time for a break. He walked over to the door, reached in his shirt pocket and grabbed for his smokes. Opening the door, he stepped through into brilliant sunlight.

What the fuck? This is night shift. He blinked and held his hand to his brow to shade his eyes.

In an instant he could see that he was not in the back parking lot of the Northland Mall. He was standing on a giant slab of stone, and the smell of salt was in the air. He turned to where the door he had just passed through should have been and there was met with the gaze of a fat nude woman with red hair.

Jason squared up towards her and looked her over. What. The. Fuck. A wave of panic washed over him, and the woman began to move to his left chanting in a language that he did not understand while moving her fleshy arms in circles. That's when he noticed the others in the darkness.

Behind the fat woman was a crowd. Several dozen people. There were men and women, all dressed in shabby clothing that was dirty. Jason noticed one woman near the front holding an infant in her arms. She stared directly at him, her eyes cold and flat. It was then that Jason noticed the baby's limb dangling limply and he knew that something was not right.

The redheaded woman continued to circle Jason, her gesticulations becoming wilder and her voice rising. Jason shouted back to her. Fuck you! What the fuck is this!? He tried to approach her and his legs felt like iron. Each step felt as if he was pulling a tree's roots from the earth, and when it fell flat against the stone he felt a stabbing pain radiate upward through his leg.

What is this? He shouted again. Just then a man stepped forth from the crowd. He pointed at the redheaded woman and yelled. He pointed at Jason and then back to the crowd, all the time speaking a strange tongue Jason had never encountered before.

The woman stood looking at Jason, and extended her palm toward him. She stared at Jason, and then turned to speak to the man, keeping her hand directed towards Jason. Jason looked from one to the other, and began to feel his knees buckle. His head was growing light, and he was feeling wobbly. What now?

Falling to his knees, he put his hands down and the stone felt like fire against his flesh. He yelled out in anguish. The man's voice rose, and several others stepped forward from the crowd behind him, all facing the redheaded woman. One man was carrying a child, obviously dead, it's lifeless corpse held tenderly in his arms. He pointed a finger at the nude woman, and then towards Jason.

The redheaded woman stared intently at Jason. He attempted to lift his hands to crawl, but it felt like his hands had become part of the stone, like he was being pulled into it. What is this? What is happening? He looked all around him and saw that the crowd was in a circle around him and they were moving towards the woman, who kept her gaze on Jason. She began to speak, and turned her head toward the advancing mob. Three people in the front of the line dropped to the turf, dead in their tracks. She kept her hand pointed toward Jason, and began to motion with the other above her head.

A light formed over Jason, and he looked up to meet it. Suddenly it felt like rain falling on his face, and the brilliance overwhelmed him.

"Jason, hey Jason ..." The voice was familiar. It was Stan. "Hey man, you OK?"

Jason blinked and looked up. Stan, the heavyset night security guard was standing on his hoverround with his flashlight on Jason's eyes. "What ... where ..."

"Dude, are you OK?"

Jason felt the cool pavement beneath his hand and clamored to his feet. His knees felt uneasy. His head throbbed, and on the ground in front of him was a cigarette. "Yeah, I, uh, I don't know what happened ..."

"OK, bro, I don't know what you're smoking and I don't really care, but just be careful out here. I heard some dudes from West Haven jumped a guy last week." Stan looked him over once more before turning around on the hoverround and zipping across the parking lot.

Jason watched him, Stan's red pony tail poking out from underneath his black baseball cap. Man, fuck night shift.


"Save her!"

"Wha-?"

"I summoned you here to save her! Do it!"

On the table lay a woman with labored breath and covered in blood.

"I can't do it here. You'll have to send me back. I need an ER."

"I have an ear for you right here, demon!" The man jiggles his own bloody ear in his hand.

"No, I need an E... R... An emergency room you imbecile. Send us both back and she'll be healed."

"No. No I won't do it. I won't let you make her a demon like you. They never come back the same."

"Of course they don't. You can't take a bite of the apple of knowledge and stay ignorant."

"SAVE HER, DEMON!"

The man standing in an arcane circle wearing a long white robe and a strange creature about his neck sighs. "You are all fools. Damned fools." Then he clapped his hands and was gone. So was the woman.

For the next month, the young sorcerer wept. He had sold his love to a demon. Then, a loud clap and the sound of something solid bouncing on the floor pulled him out of his remorse. When he approached the strange object, he saw her smiling face. Then the object spoke...

"Hey Joe. Thanks for helping me. It's better here. People are happy. Their babies live past infancy, infections don't kill people, and there's much less war and violence. I've decided to stay with Dr. Hapburn. He's the man you summoned to save me. He's been kind to me and he is wealthier than our king! Good luck, Joe. I don't think I'll ever see you again."

Then the object went dark. Joe let out an anguished scream. "DAMN YOU DEMON!"

-------

"Welcome back, Dr. Hapburn!"

"Thanks Sally. We need to get this one to the ICU."

"We're on it doctor. Why doesn't Texas just join the Federation of Nations?"

"I don't know. King Norris won't let them. It's just good for us that the Global Processing Unit is available for teleportation requests."

"I hear the locals think people who talk to the GPU are sorcerers."

"Yes, that's true. Poor fools."


I had just finished putting the finishing touches on my paladin's character sheet.  Ah, classic Dungeons and Dragons 3.5, the best version available.  Call my old fashioned, but there's just something so refreshing about playing a goody goody character with a strict moral code.  And heck, playing D&D was a great distraction from my boring real life - bank teller by day, dangerous rogue by night.  Well, not this time.  This time, I was going to be playing a hero.

As I placed my blue dice into my special Crown Royal bag, the room started to spin faster and faster until I must have passed out, because when I opened my eyes I was face-to-face with what looked like an actual, real wizard complete with pale blue robes, spellbook, and ioun stones floating around his head.  To my surprise, when he spoke I could understand him.  "Finally, a Demon worthy of my power!  You do look quite fearsome!"  He looked quite pleased with himself.

I rubbed my eyes again and pinched myself.  No, not dreaming.  This was...rather shocking.  Pretending to fight against monsters was one thing, but to actually be summoned and identified as one...?  Did he really think I was a Demon?  I looked at my hands.  They still appeared to be your basic human hands.

I noticed the chalk circle on the floor studded with lit candles at random intervals.  I tried to nudge the chalk with my foot, but I was instantly repelled backwards.  I sighed, and I could only hope that the same rules of all the fantasy games I'd ever played in my life would also apply to this strange place, wherever I was.  "What is it that you want of me?"

"Simple, Demon.  I have a list of tasks for you to complete, and should you succeed, I will grant you freedom."  The wizard tossed a scroll through the barrier.  I scooped it up quickly.  I was a bit excited.  A real quest?  My life was now infinitely more exciting than it was a few minutes ago.  My eyes scanned the first request: 'Acquire a Night Lily from the Garden of the Magus.'  I had no idea where or what that was, exactly, but I nodded.

"Give me all the information you have on this Garden, and I'll start working on a plan..."  The wizard's eyes widened in surprise, and he smiled.  Oh yes, this was going to be fun....


I swear this happened exactly as I'm saying, but there's no way I'll put my name on it.  They'd lock me in the looney bin forever.

I was just sitting on the sofa, watching TV, and then I was sitting in a room with no chair and fell on my butt.  My back was against something - well, not something, more nothing, but nothing that felt like something.  Like a forcefield I guess.  There were markings on the floor that lined up, and some candles nearby.

And there was some sort of odd alien looking up from a book and saying "Ah, and now you are summoned!  I have bound you to my will!"  So I said "What for?"

He, I guess it was a he, said "To exact revenge on my enemies!"  He shuffled through some pictures and showed me one.  "Kill him!"  I said "Murder is immoral, I don't know who that is, I seem to be stuck in a forcefield, and I wouldn't know how to kill one of you guys anyway.  Do you even have hearts?"

The alien seemed confused for a moment.  "You can't smite my enemies?"  I said "I don't even know what 'smite' means, but it sounds kind of rude.  Speaking of which, why am I stuck in this forcefield?  That seems rude too."

Now he was angry.  "What kind of demon are you?!  I summoned a demon from Hell, I want some action!  Grant me wealth, or power, or something!  I command you!  You will help me commit murder!"

I just shrugged.  "Dude, I work part time at a Tim Horton's.  Does that sound to you like someone with wealth and power?"

He looked even more confused.  "The devil's name is Tim Horton?"

I said "Somehow I don't think so.  I'm not even sure Tim Horton is a real person; maybe it's like Aunt Jemima."

"Demons have aunts?"

"Why do you keep saying I'm a demon?"

"Because I used a demon summoning spell!  Don't you come from a place of misery ruled by an evil being?"

"Well, that's maybe overstating it a little, but I guess you're not too far off."

"So you should have some kind of special powers that don't exist on my world!"

"Well, okay, but I don't know what powers exist on your world, so how am I supposed to know what's considered special?"

"Don't you know anything?!"

"I know lots of stuff.  I just don't know anything about you.  What makes you think you're important enough that I should care about you at all?"

"Because I summoned you!"

"Well, actually, you did do that.  I suppose that connects us somehow.  I guess I could give you some sort of powers; can you guys do math?"

"Of course we can do math!  I don't what math power!"

"Hmm.  How about juggling?  Do you know how to juggle?"

"No, but I don't want that.  I want something that will let me wreak vengeance on those who have wronged me!"

"How about flying?  Can you fly?"

"Fly?  Flying?!  Yes, that one.  If I could fly, I do all kinds of things!"

"Well, okay, let's do that.  I'll focus on you, and you go open the window."

He walked over to the window, and turned a crank to open it up.  "Okay," he said, "I've got it open.  Now what?"

I said, "Stand on the ledge, and picture yourself flying, and jump into the air."

He did.  And did not so much fly as plummet.

A few hours later, some sort of uniformed people came into the room.  One screamed.  A guy (I guess it was a guy) who looked like a cleric looked at me and said "This demon drove him to jump to his death!"  I said "He said he wanted to murder people.  He demanded I help him commit a murder.  There was only one person here I had the power to kill, and I was required to obey."

The cleric said "Back to Hell with you!" and blew out the candles.  Which was fine with me.  At least here we have Tim Horton's.


With a heavy sigh I got out of bed. My body ran on autopilot as I got through my usual morning routine: shower, shave, breakfast. I looked at the clock, dreading as it neared 9am.

"I guess I should get going..." I said with disdain. 

The walk to the bus felt like an eternity. It was pure torture. Normally people would cherish the time they spent away from their jobs as they would try and enjoy this time for themselves. All I kept thinking was the hatred towards every minute that passed by, bringing me closer to my job.

The bus got here on time, as usual. Groaning, I walk up to the bus's steps, the driver smiling his goofy smile. How I envy his happiness.

After the usual greetings I proceed to my solitary seat in the back. The bus takes off as I close my eyes, resting me head on the window. Just thinking about my job gives me a headache. My supervisor coming in and hassling me in my cubicle. 

Actually... my head really does hurt. "OWWW!" I yell out as I open my eyes. My eyes adjust to the dark room I've suddenly appeared in, the only source of light coming from the candles surrounding me. 

'Is... is that a demonic star I'm standing in?' I think to myself.

As my eyes adjust I notice 2 figures, shaking in fear in the corner. 

"I didn't think this would actually work! I thought it was just a fiction book! He looks tall. I wonder how tall he is." I kept hearing from their direction. 

"Umm... I'm 6 foot 2." I answer.

"Ah! H- he can read minds!" One of the girls yells out. She struggles to find her composure, straightening up as best she can and walks forward, still shaking. 

"I- I am the one who summoned you. You must obey me!" She yells out, her voice breaking. It sounds like she's near crying. 

"Oh, this was so stupid of me. I shouldn't have done this. I bet he's angry. He's a demon. Of course he's gonna be angry. He won't want to help me at all. Am I gonna for? I dont want to die."

She kept saying all these things but I noticed one thing. Her lips weren't moving. She was still shaking. Ugh. This headache was getting worse. And I could also hear her friend in the back.

"It was a joke. Maybe if I explain it to him he'll spare me. I didn't believe summoning these demons was possible. Our magic isn't strong enough to summon these demons. I just wanted to make her feel better. Me and my stupid ideas."

She wasn't talking either. I really can read minds.

"What do you want?" I bellow out. More because of the headache than the situation as I rub my temples.

"Oh, well um..." she stammers out. Struggling to find her words. Her mind is talking clearly however. 

"I should be honest. No... maybe I should just send him back to hell. But if he can help me out it would be useful. Demons are cunning. Or maybe just send him back."

Most of the questions I have seem to have been answered already from their minds. I'm a demon from hell and they summoned me to help out. Fitting... I do consider where I come from hell.

"So you want me to help you out with something?" I ask simply. 

"Y- yes.... that's right." She says. 

Multiple thoughts race across both of their heads with the details of what they need help with as she continues to stammer. Ugh. I focus myself and drown them out. 

'Hmm.... simple enough. Just like ignoring someone in real life.' I think to myself.

"I- I know that making a deal requires me to give you something. I don't have much but I can offer you artifacts, money or..." she continues to stammer.

"I don't really feel like going back to... where I come from." I say, interrupting her. 

"I'll help you out. As for what I want... I'll decide on that when I finish helping you."

"O- ok... I can see why you wouldn't want to go back to hell with your ears and tail ripped off." 

I raise and eyebrow as the girl takes off her hood, revealing cat ears underneath.

This is going to be interesting.


I just got laid off. My last paycheck is arriving next Friday. I have $10.56 in my bank account. I know it's stupid, but I bought a pack of cigarettes on the way home. I need something to take my mind off of it. I lit a cigarette, took one puff, and everything went dark. 

At first I thought I had fainted. Do cigarettes do that to you? I've gotten lightheaded before but never just passed out. Then a bright light turned on, shining in my face. When I grew adjusted to the light I realized that I was no longer walking outside. My mouth hung open as I tried to take everything in. My cigarette fell to the floor.

The room looked like it was made out of rainbows. There were creatures standing around me wearing black hooded robes. One of them was reading out of a book. It kind of looked like a bible. The creatures looked kinda like humans, but they had wings.

"Are you guys... angels?" I finally eked out.

They laughed. "Just because you are a demon does not mean we are angels."

"I'm not a demon!" I yelled. They recoiled. One of them whimpered. My brain started to process where I was. I was standing in the middle of a pentagram. There were candles at the points and someone had carefully laid out a ring of salt. Maybe I am a demon.

First things first, I had to check if I was a demon. I reached up to my head. No horns. Okay. Next, try to walk over the salt. It worked, but the creatures screamed. One of them fled the room. They were afraid of me.

Then it hit me. If I'm a demon then I've been living in hell. It felt like hell, but I never actually thought that it was hell. Being poor just seemed like a thing that poor people had to deal with. Wait a second... Demons make deals! I don't have to be poor anymore!

I tried to put on my fiercest and most serious face. "What do you want?" I boomed. "And what do you offer me?" I had seen enough Supernatural to know how these go down.

One creature, the one hiding behind his book, stepped forward and started to speak. "We want to make a deal with you. I'm willing to give you my soul if you can make this man suffer." He pulled out a photo of another angel looking guy.

I tried (poorly) to stifle a chuckle. "I don't want your soul."

"My first born then?"

"No. Just give me some money and I'll do what you ask."

"Money? What does a demon want with money?" He asked his question with a quizzical look.

"You don't question my demands and I won't question yours." That seemed to appease him.

They pulled out a bag of gold coins. Their ridiculously archaic knowledge of demons was top notch. "Is this enough?" He asked as he opened the bag in my direction. It was more money than I'd ever had in my bank account. I merely nodded, barely keeping together my "serious" composure.

I took the bag from him with the photo. There was a name scribbled on the top. That was enough to get my job started. Once again with the booming voice I said, "It will be done." I picked up my lit cigarette, put it back in my mouth, and left the room and the house that room happened to be in. While walking down the street the gold in my bag clinked and hearing it made me smile. Well, at least it's better than working at Wawa.


Her eyes were like two moldy apples: dull-green and rotten to the core. Her hair sat on her head in a trembling auburn bun, as if anxiously waiting for a bus to take it far away from this mess. Looking back, if it had had a spare ticket, I might have taken it.

"What did you do with the dough, Miss Berkley?"

It took her a long time to answer. Her face so taut in concentration, I leaned back in case it snapped. 

"Crumpets," she taunted eventually, in her crisp English accent. As cold as the country she came from.

I leaned in, snarling. "Okay. Fine. Play games."

She looked around the empty room, then shrugged. "I spy with my little--"

"I get it. I get it. You're smart. But you're not *that* smart. We found your fingerprints on the knife that was used to kill the cashier." I lowered my voice, conspiratorially. "Just tell me this -- how did you know the cameras were off? You had someone on the inside?"

"On the inside? Oh, I'm not pregnant, if that's what you're implying."

My eyebrows crawled up my forehead, exploring the fringes of the greying jungle above. The dame was smart. Didn't fall for the fingerprints ruse, and frankly, it didn't seem like she wasn't going to incriminate herself one way or another. 

"How about I lay all my cards on the table?"

Her face brightened. "That would certainly broaden the possibilities."

I grinned. "Yeah. It would. Okay then, here we go: you were seen by multiple witnesses walking into the bank moments before it was robbed. You had a large bag in your hands. When you came out, you no longer held said bag, and instead, a man wearing a balaclava had it, who followed you out less than a minute later. An accomplice. Now, that's not enough by itself to put you away, but coupled with the train robbery, and jewellery heist -- where we've got you pinned to either scene by a half-dozen witnesses, well, now our case is about as tight as a well sealed can of beans. So, if you want to make a plea deal, this is the time to get talking. Understand?"

She swallowed; her nerves were showing. "Does this mean we're not going to be playing cards, detective?"

It took me a moment to realise she was messing me around. She had no intention of giving me any useful information. Unlike me, she was keeping her cards close to her chest. I shot her a look. Her dress was loose, showcasing the kind of cleavage that would have made a nudist blush. Truth was, if I'd been a packet of cards, that's where I would have hidden, too. 

"I don't play games," I said.

"Bad loser?"

"Bad winner." I ran a hand down my face and silenced a sigh. I was going to have to let her go, and I still had no idea where she'd strike next. Her crimes were almost random. No connection between them at all. No modus operandi. She was playing chess, I was playing pin the tail on the donkey. Blindfolded.

"I like you, detective," she said, out of the blue. 

"Good to know," I replied, not allowing her taunting to get to me.

She pulled a pin out of her bun; her hair bled over her face, as if it had been hit by the bus, instead of boarding it. "You know, they always called me dumb at school. Said I'd never make anything of my life. But you -- *you* believe in me."

I snorted. "They were only half right, I'd say."

"Yes. I suppose they were."

There was a knock on the door.

"Looks like our time's up," I said.

She glanced about the room. "I don't even see a clock."

I laughed. I had to give it to her -- she knew how to stay in character. I'd seen worse actors on Broadway. Truth be told, I was beginning to have my own doubts about her -- just like the rest of the department.  Doubts that were creeping into my mind as quietly as mice in slippers, but there nonetheless, padding away step by step. Maybe they were right. Maybe I just kept bringing her back in because she was easy on the eyes.  The kind of mugshot you'd base a case around just to see it everyday up there on the wall.

Or maybe it was 'cause paperwork doesn't make good company at night, even if it means you get most of the bed to yourself. 

"You're free to leave," I said, rising from my chair.

She walked to the door, then turned. "I'll see you again soon, Inspector." She smiled, her lips curling in a she-devil grin. That smile was like a cat chasing the mice back into their holes.

She was as guilty as sin, and I'd be taking her to church for bread and penance.

"As I've got to make a report on my missing bag," she continued. "It was stolen whilst I was in the bank. I only put it down for a second! But, people today." She shook her head mournfully. "Can't trust anyone."

I let out a long breath. "Good day, Miss Berkley."

"Good day, Inspector."


---

more of my stories on /r/nickofnight


"Sir, are you seeing this?"  Voices on the radio crackled, partially drowned out by the rain.   The detective closed his eyes.  "Sir, you won't believe what's happening..."

In all of his years rooting out crime, he had never faced such a foe.  From foreign jungles to the Attorney General's office, he had searched for the enemies of the people and prosecuted justice without malice.  Perhaps he finally found the Moriarty to his Holmes.  But it wasn't supposed to be like this.

He reached out over his piles of evidence, once neatly stacked and now strewn across the table, to turn on his television.  It had been days since he slept, but the evidence was so...

What was it like?  Borderline criminal but overwhelming?  Coffee had failed him and he returned back to his Ranger training to keep him conscious and lucid.  The television came on, with his target on, practically (but not legally) confessing.  He sighed.

"China has awarded several trademarks to his daughter and approved a $500 million loan..."

He might finally have met his better (if that's the right word).   No suspect before had bragged on television.  No one could guess what would happen next.

Robert Mueller turned off the television, the weight on his many years heavy on his shoulders.


I looked up from my desk at Interpol to stare at my nemesis slipping into my office. I knew he was the one behind the recent thefts at the many crime scenes I had recently cased, but I could not prove it. And here he was again, hounding me at every step, even at work.

Nervously, I opened up the right drawer where I kept my pistol, slowly sliding it out so that he wouldn't hear. There was only one way to end this since nobody would believe me. 

*squek*

His ears perked up and suddenly he was upon me holding me down, as I struggled to grab at the ajar drawer. "There's only one way I can stop you now you fool!" I yelled as my hand grasped my trump card.

I threw it at his face.

"Get the treats corgi, get em! Go get those treats!" My pet dog gingerly jumped off me and rolled around looking for the treats. I wiped the sweat from my brow.

"Everything all right sir?" my secretary inquired as she poked her head around the door. 

"Ahaha," I nervously laughed, "Just giving my corgi a few treats for being a good boy...."

Nobody would believe me that my own dog was responsible for all the random items missing recently. I'm going to have to buy  a lot more treats to keep him busy!


“It’s not fair,” moaned David. It was three hours till the deadline and David wasn’t even close to figuring out a way to solve his problem. He had sat hunched over his desk, his coffee cooled and untouched in the corner of his desk. Crumpled paper littered the floor and a large board decorated with long twisting, color coded string loomed over his hunched body.

The cops had gotten the call at 8:36 AM as they always did from the infamous criminal, known as the Beeline Menace. When confronted about the name the criminal claimed it originated from a pun regarding how cats are empathetic since they’re “feel\-lines” but he wanted to be original so he used the word bee, which further confused the whole ordeal since he actually never wore any bee related clothing, or any themed costume for that matter. 

The calls would always be a preview to his latest criminal master plan and this time he announced that he would be attempting his most daring challenge, robbing the Grand Central Bank at 4pm on the coming tuesday. The only problem was that the Grand Central Bank wasn’t actually a bank. It was just a museum about banks with displays showing outdated bills. The only kind of money he would probably get was from whatever was in the register and the shredded 100\-dollar bills that were being sold 20 dollars a pop. Plus the museum wasn’t even doing well since nobody really cared about museums these days, especially museums about banks. 

The Beeline Menace, he couldn’t even think of the name without rolling his eyes, had been outsmarting him or more accurately being utterly stupid to the point where he could never be caught. To be fair the first time he ever tried to rob a bank he came without a gun, then got angry with himself for forgetting the gun and repeatedly hit himself until one of the security guys went up to cheer him up and let him go. Bee never managed to ever actually steal money but the fact that he never got caught always bugged David. He was so clearly a criminal but he was too stupid to ever actually commit the crime making it impossible to arrest him. 

He couldn’t arrest him without him being a criminal so he was doomed, a clear disgrace on his perfect record. Unless… unless he could somehow make him a criminal. Yes that was it! He was going to help the criminal commit the crime so they could finally put him behind bars. Sadly his large intellect and years of experience tackling criminals could not help him see the irony of the situation as his desire to take down the Beeline Menace crowded his vision. 

True to his words the Beeline Menace showed up in his banged up SUV and began to strut his way to the front of the building, a cocky half grin plastered on his face. He turned around to address his fans, he didn’t have any, and gave a bow to his invisible audience before quickly turning around and whipping out his gun against the part\-time girl who was manning the admissions stand, “Hand me all your money” he snarled. 

She chewed gum slowly, clearly bored 

“Why aren’t you frightened girl? Never seen a gun,” he asked, slightly puzzled as he tried to keep his menacing look, which to his credit was slowly improving after hours of practice 

She popped her bubble gum. 

Beeline slowly began to lose his look, frustration slowly taking over as a scowl replaced his snarl. 

“So, it’s uh 4.25$ for weekend admission for adults,” she said

“I think the problem is that you’re holding a toy gun,” said David 

Beeline quickly turned around, pointing his gun at his arch nemesis, wondering how he’d managed to sneak up on him. David hadn’t really been hiding at all, he’d just been leaning against a pillar and Beeline simply never turned his head to the right. 

“What toy gun? I got this from my friend in the hood. He’d never do me wrong,” shouted Beeline and it was true. He did have a friend in the hood but this friend’s closest interaction with any gang members was when he befriended Tommy in second grade who would go on to die in a gang fight due to a stray bullet. 

“Yours still has the tag you idiot. This is a real gun,” said David as he threw Beeline a Glock he had purchased on the way to the bank. Beeline, who had the athletic capabilities to match his intellect, fumbled with the gun before dropping it on the floor. The accidental discharge killed the part\-timer girl. 

*What the fuck* screamed David. 

Beeline just screamed, a high\-pitched scream of fear and regret. 

Then the police came, they always did mainly because they thought it was funny watching David fume in anger at his inability to catch Beeline. David was always arrogant even if he could get results so Beeline was a refreshing new addition to their lives. Plus with a bit of conversation they learned that Beeline’s real name was Thomas and he was just doing what he did because he was lonely, how could you be mad at a guy like that? 

“On your knees criminal,” shouted one of the officers. 

“Yes arrest this man,” exclaimed David as the prospect of arresting Beeline made him forget about the dead girl.

“Not him, you”, another officer exclaimed as he pulled out his gun.

“Me? Why me? I didn’t do anything wrong.” 

“You just threw a gun that killed an innocent girl!”

“No it was Beeline!”

“Thomas didn’t do anything. We saw the whole ordeal, he barley even touched the gun”

“Who the hell is Thomas? Anyways Beeline’s the criminal!”

“Thomas never committed a crime in his life. You just have, on your knees or I will shoot.”

“It’s not fair,” moaned David.


It was maddening. *Infuriating.* How could you possibly see that coming? Weeks of setting an elaborate trap, involving plotting every escape route down to the weak bricks in the fucking wall, men hidden in every crack, crevice and cavity you could find. It was the perfect setup. Have him come in for the great diamond, exactly 03:16 *sharp*, wait for him to take it, have wherever he came from blocked off, and have men surround him from every angle. It was the stuff detective movie dreams were made of, what children playing cops and robbers with their legos imagine they're going to foil with their scheming intellect, but *nooooo!*

This, this... ***buffoon*** walks straight through the front fucking door *at* ***fucking midnight***, slaps the glass cover away like my precious little kitten does when her favourite toy is dangled above her, grabs the diamond with his disgusting sausage fingers, and fucks off. All in the span of five fucking minutes. There are no words to describe how utterly livid I am in this moment. But it's fine. Oh, it's fine. It's fine, it's fine.

*It's not fine at all!* I can't predict this fool! He has no motivations, no reason, no rhyme! I'd prefer tracking a deranged serial killer obsessed with the number four that leaves utterly gruesome crime scenes behind, for God's sake! Last week, this halfwit was robbing a McDonald's, the week before that he was stealing glue sticks from a primary school, and now he's only gone and robbed a diamond worth a thousand times more than the McDonald's he stole from! 

I slammed my diary into the desk, pen whirling away into some distant corner. I'd get it later. Standing up quickly and turning on my heel, I grit my teeth and stormed out the door, turning too fast to greet the dull, grey sky out the adjacent window with my utterly sour expression as I strode down the corridor, barely paying attention to the dull, generic surroundings. Staring down the mugshot of the ugly toupee'd mug, hatred threatening to boil over more and more every millisecond longer that I spent staring at his inattentive face. I snarled through my clenched teeth, crumpling the photo in my hands. I have single-handedly found out more serial killers than I could count, global thieves that had stolen millions in goods, terrorists living in a hole in a field, for God's sake. This *uneducated muppet* will not evade me again.


"Another beer please."

"Coming right up."

As the bartender readied the order, the patrons of the bar looked at the man who ordered.

Greg was not known for being somber. His default expression was a wide smile, and on the rare occasions where it wasn't, when he was confronted with a particularly difficult case, his smile turns into a maniacal grin.

Yet today, the normally jovial detective was frowning.

"Something bad today, Greg?" asked the bartender as she handed him the beer. Her question was met with silence. The detective took the beer and went back to brooding.

"Must be a problem with his love life," remarked one of the patrons, laughing.

"Aye, 't happens with all of us Greg," said another patron, who swung his arm around the detective. "These women don't know what us men go through at this time of the year. We be ducks migrating for the winter, looking for greener pastures, ain't that right, Greg?"

The detective gave him an annoyed look, but said nothing, only downing more of his beer.

"Excuse me for being a woman," said the bartender, hands on her hips. "Just for that I'm demanding an extra tip from you."

"Yer not a woman, yer a man in a woman's skin ye are!"

Greg suddenly removed the arm slung across his shoulder. Gulping down the last of his beer, he slammed the mug onto the counter. The bartender gave him a annoyed look, but he ignored it.

"I failed to solve a case," he said.

The silence was deafening.

"This silence is deafening," said a patron as he removed his hearing aid.

All at once the bar converged on the detective.

"What happened?!" Was the question they all asked at the same time.

Greg raised his hand to order another beer.

"That criminal was a genius, I've never met anyone that stupid before," said Greg. "And I'm an idiot for not noticing it sooner."

"Tell us, how can someone be stupid and a genius at the same time?"

"I got a call for a robbery case earlier this day. When I arrived, the scene has already been roped off and the owners were waiting for me. Apparently a highly prized Faberge egg as stolen from their property. I took the usual questions, searched for clues, asked the police what they've already found out, you know, the usual."

"Then what happened?"

"The robber left every clue imaginable at the crime scene. Hair, footprints, fingerprints, there's nothing that he didn't leave out. We managed to find a trail and it led us to an abandoned warehouse nearby, but that's where the trail went cold," continued Greg. 

The rest of the bar went deathly quiet. Greg had never lost a trail before.

"There were no signs on a break-in at the warehouse, and the keys were never used. There was a window open at the fourth floor, but there was nothing that indicated the criminal has entered there. When we went inside, we found the egg smashed to pieces. There were signs that someone lived there, but no sign of the criminal. Although, we did find a very molested duck on the floor," he continued.

The bartender belatedly gave Greg his beer, which he downed in one gulp.

"What about the duck?" she asked.

"At that time I thought it must have been a poor attempt at lunch," replied Greg.

"We weren't going to solve the case that day, so we gathered up the broken eggs and returned to the owners, and that's where everything answered itself," he said, slamming the mug again onto the counter.

"You smash that mug again and I'll smash *your* face into the counter," warned the bartender.

"A man in a woman's skin ye be, lass," said the older patron.

"Quiet! Greg is talking."

"We arrived back at the owner's house when we saw them talking to the director of the local circus. They were very angry and were demanding compensation for the egg. It seemed that one of the circus monkeys had escaped and was last seen around that area."

"So that was the end of it?"

"No, the monkey wasn't the one who stole the egg."

"But who did?"

"The duck."

"What?"

"The duck stole the egg," repeated Greg.

"Why would a duck steal an egg?"

"What kind of question is that?" said a patron. "Obviously if it looks like an egg, feels like an egg, and smells like an egg, then it is an egg, only ducks don't particularly care what egg it is."

The detective confirmed the answer. "That's right."

"But why did it smash the egg, then?"

"No, the egg was smashed when the duck entered the warehouse. Whoever lived there caught it and didn't care about the egg, only the duck," said Greg, to the unbelieving ears of the patrons.

"So you know who lived at the warehouse?"

"Oh, that one's easy, it's one of us."

---

*I would greatly appreciate any tips on improving my writing, thank you for reading!*


“Why would you do this,” I shouted, “All this could bring is the death of us all!” It seemed ridiculous! Was he actually intending to make it rain cats and dogs? “You see,” he began, “ my daddy never bought me a puppy. I want a puppy!!! I want a fluffy puppy, and the fluffiest puppy is a husky! And what is fluffier than a fluffy husky? A wolf puppy! So I made it rain wolves.” 

What kind of lunatic would do such a thing, I though. My mind raced with possible solutions. Perhaps he was disturbed as a child, causing wolves to be symbolic to him in some way. This, however, would not match what he said next.

“I watch the TV and see big kitties licking zoo people. What’s so special about the zoo man that I can get a big kitty too? So I begged and pled but my mommy said no. So I made it rain tigers too!” 

It soon dawned on me that I was not dealing with your ordinary criminal. Quite clearly, this was a mastermind! He thinks out of the box and must be intentionally throwing me off! Well, that and he has literally thrown me off his weather platform.

“Where did you go? I can’t see you thinky-man,” He screamed above me.  Crawling around the ledge, I managed to scoot around behind him. Suddenly, he began pounding the grill I was so desperately clutching. “ Come back! Come back! Come back,” he screeched, tears rushing down his cheeks, “I wanted to play some more! Play! Play! Play!” The tips of my fingers were aching due to the grating metal platform. One cut, with blood beginning to trickle. I decided to spring up, unable to endure this torture anymore.

“Behind you, oaf!” I cried, as I leapt towards his back. With my left leg extend I proceeded to charge. As I await impact, he turns to me. His eyes, deep with sorrow and full of water, cause me to freeze in my tracks. Had he not realized the cause of his actions? Was I fighting an innocent man? I reflect on the occurrences, once again rethinking my foe. Letting out a sigh, I reach for his shoulder.

“Come on son, I’ve got something to show you.” His eyes flickered with joy, and he willingly accompanied me. On the way down I reach for the switch labeled “OFF”,  written in crayon. The sky clears and the animals dissipate into water vapor. 

We leave the weather platform and reach a small shop with a beat up sign. “Kelly’s animal shelter? What is that,” he asked. “You’ll see,” I replied, “ Come on, you’ll like it!” We enter the building and Kelly greets me from behind the counter. “Good afternoon to you as well, miss Blanchet! I think I found that employee you were looking for.”


I grow tired of your games, Edward. 

Are you so blinded by your own arrogance that you hadn't noticed I predicted your every move?

My age may be catching up to me,

But over the years, you've grown more sloppy.

Answer me this: Was it worth it?

The traps, the challenges, the bodies you've buried, was it worth it?

Many people died because of you, and you have nothing to say for it?

ANSWER ME, NIGMA!

"No, Bruce. I will not."


"Okay so what do we know about him"

I was standing at the whiteboard in the "war room". Around me where my team, some of the greatest crime-fighters in the world. Dr. Pete Alderson, chief medical examiner for the FBI. Dr. Jacques Touchard, head of Interpol's forsensics unit. Dr. Raymond Sinclair, foremost expert on criminal psycholody, and of course, Detective Frost, second in the world only to myself. We were the greatest team in the world. So how were we so stumped.

"He's a Professor of English." Sinclair chimed in. "The messages he leaves prove that. They may be written in the style of an idiot, but there are too many references, too many turns of phrase that are clearly lifted from classical literature."

"That makes sense, the first three crimes were at universities. And his accomplices, often college aged men recruited from Greek organizations." Touchard added. "He must have become a Professor specifically to recruit."

Frost sighed. "He's told us as much, he calls himself a Professor does he not? The fake ids, the ones modeled off the id from Superbad, they all used Professor. Of course, no actual id uses that title."

We were nowhere. It seemed we may never catch the famed Professor Moronarty.


"There are some things that can beat smartness and foresight? Awkwardness and stupidity can. The best swordsman in the world doesn't need to fear the second best swordsman in the world; no, the person for him to be afraid of is some ignorant antagonist who has never had a sword in his hand before; he doesn't do the thing he ought to do, and so the expert isn't prepared for him; he does the thing he ought not to do; and often it catches the expert out and ends him on the spot."   

Mark Twain


"Donuts, Inspector? We still have some left from Mark's retirement, I figured you might want some brain food for your latest case?"


"No thanks sergeant, but... I could use another latte if you are going out ," I smiled, the new sergeant was 'peppy'; eager to please and my new source of caffeine on tap. God knows I'm going to need it tonight.


"Yes sir," sarge paused," Oh how's the case, by the way?"


Almost at once I felt a knot in my gut and a grimace on my face. "It's driving me MENTAL. INSANE, COMPLETELY INSANE!"


At this point I attempted to compile myself but I couldn't. Instead, I found myself pacing ," Okay so it is either Vincent, Solomon or Tyrone; there was nobody else there that night and video footage shows them and only them. But it can't be Sol because the four leaved clover was crumpled in gold filigree in the fridge and it had not yet desiccated...! Which means Sol was not at the scene of the crime at midnight! So what about Vince, I hear you ask? Well, Vince was armed with only a SPAS-12 and according to ballistics the bullets found on the scene were from a Deagle..!




Which just leaves one suspect... Tyrone. But it can't be him, he is an idiot... Unless... Unless he is an idiot savant."


I looked back to the Sergeant, who handed me a latte, "That was quick."



"Sorry it took so long Inspector, there was a long line at Dunkin' Donuts." I glanced at the clock. Oh yes it seems my dialogue was more of a monologue and much longer than I thought. A thought struck me like lightning... yes yes, it was crazy but it might just work.



"Are you busy sergeant?"


It took a solid hour to prepare. My Armani suit was fresh and ready but alas my boots required another polish, not to mention Sergeant Overeager was not prepared in the slightest but I did the best I could. At least he would be playing my bodyguard and not me. We walked up to the dilapidated two story townhouse and I let Sarge knock. And we waited. And waited and waited. Knocked again. I could have sworn I heard loud noises and my hand jumped to my revolver, just in case. 



Finally, the door opened revealing a rotund and grubby British African. I smiled. Tyrone gave us the goldfish stare, no doubt another attempt to obfuscate his genius.


"Wha' you wan' guv-nuh?"


"Ah Tyrone, may I introduce myself, I am Reginald Harris, THE Reginald Harris. I own a substantial methamphetamine enterprise in West End. I have recently, however, found myself without a driver and seeing as well your reputation does precede you, I thought you might be most suitable for the role," I lied, charmingly. 


"Yeh, I culd use sum dough, how much ya payin?"



"Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars per each financial quarter that you are in my service," I bluffed.


"yer guv, yer I can do that for ya, where do I start?"



Bingo. My plan was working, of course I knew it would work. I knew that he knew who I was and I knew that like all criminal masterminds he wouldn't be able to resist getting close to the enemy. The mind of a professional criminal craves the adrenaline too much. Likely he also thought he could glean details from the investigation, but if I played my cards right, it would be him revealing details. 



"There is one caveat, however..."


"Oh yeah guv, I neva tried caviar, yes pls!"



"Uh... one proviso, I should say, which is I would like to see your skills in action and in person before we formally enter any arrangement." I threw him a set of keys to the Mercedes.


"What's tha'? You wan' me te take yer fur a drive?"



"Exactly."



After a tiresome and fruitless drive I must admit I was beginning to think he was smarter than me. His 'dumb eastender' act was convincing and he was not letting on no matter what angle I took. I attempted to direct him towards the crime scene in the hope that I could read his face for clues but he feigned getting lost. Eventually the fuel light lit up. 


"Let's pull in here Tyrone."


Tyrone ostentatiously-maladroitly disembarked the vehicle into the service station. I procured a fifty pound note. 


"I'll let you do the honours Tyrone." Tyrone slowly peeled himself from the upholstery, as if to say 'I'm not getting away.' It took him a minute. I had to admit, he knew how to act. 

When he was out of earshot at the cashier, I turned to Sarge, "A penny for your thoughts?"


"He is too dumb to be a crook. I thought you said he was a getaway driver. What the fuck can he get away from?" Sarge giggled.

"Oh don't worry about Tyrone, he can move when he has to. He is exceedingly good at playing the incompetent crook, but he will slip up and when he does..."


Tyrone slowly clambered his way back in, sliding one roll of fat in after the other. 


"Keep the change."


We were off. And almost immediately I knew something was wrong. There were vibrations in the car... I recognized them. Oh yes, these were the characteristic vibrations of a catalytic converter in its death throes. He knew. He obviously knew... that this particular model was fitted with a catalytic converter which when exposed to leaded exhaust from ahem, leaded petroleum, would undergo catastrophic failure. But as clever as Tyrone was he did not realize that I also knew the model front to back and I daresay could repair the issue by hand and tonight if need by. In the meantime however, the car shook violently. 



The shaking threw my wallet in the air into the pudgey face of Tyrone. He then jerked the wheel in response sending us careering towards a lorry heading in the opposing direction. Everything went dark. 



My eyes opened and I caught upon familiar epaulettes.


"Chief?" I murmured.


"Jacques! You're awake." My heart sank, Chief never called me Jacques.


"The ca-ca-case?" I sputtered through the feeding tube.


"How do I put this? You fucked up, Jacques. There's evidence that you caused a work vehicle to crash, and a very expensive one mind you, on loan from Scotland Yard. It's a litigation nightmare and I have had the Commissioner up in my ass about it for the last 6 months! God knows we tried to keep it under wraps but the Daily Mail got wind of it and you know how they are. You were in a coma for all that time, I figured you would never come out of it.."



"And that's why I'm the fall guy," I interjected. 


"I guess you could put it that way. Long story short Jacques, you're fired."



As shocked as I was my career paled in comparison to the other burning question on my mind," And Tyrone?"


"What about him?"


"Is he behind bars?"


"God no! Tyrone is too stupid to tie his shoelaces let alone commit the crime of the century!"


And that's the story of the one case I didn't solve. As clever as I was, I was no match for the unfathomable intellect of the criminal mastermind Tyrone.


In my opinion uncertainity is first move motive.     In such a senario best move is no move, just causable probability. Three events can occur, a move wont happen or a or a move will happen and you wont catch the criminal or a move will happen and you will catch the criminal. In any case a criminal wont be a criminal before a crime is committed. The best action would be observation. In a instance before a crime the superintell could come in play giving you enough time to narrow down all possiblities to spicific outcome provide you are able to monitor the pre movie, if not then it is completely random. To target a criminal in a completely random situation all events surrounding the situation will have to be observed. Then again a criminal has to be present at an event for a crime to occur in any medium or form, cause superintell is also governed under universal laws, unless... yet minority report concept would fail cause a precrime is not a crime till crime has occured.


Richard dragged himself up onto the ledge, his boots scrambling against chalky rock; a plume of white rubble careened down the mountainside, glistening in the evening sun. With a last herculean effort, he pulled his legs up over the edge, peeled his rucksack straps off and collapsed onto his back. For a while, he just lay there, sucking in long, laboured lungfuls of air. He wasn't as young as he used to be, and right now, he felt every year in his aching joints.

"Sir," said the black device strapped around his chest, the lights on its circular plate flashing an unsympathetic red. "We have to get moving if we are to make it before nightfall."

"Come on Lexi, give me five minutes," said Richard, as he sat upright and took in the vista. The Serbian mountains in front of him were like the jagged teeth of a saw, their tips covered in a white rust. Below, a vast sapphire oval reflected the peaks looming above it. *Water.* Not owned by a corporation. Not owned by any man. Just like the cold, unregulated air up here. How did people ever take air for granted? For a fleeting moment, his thoughts travelled back to England. He'd never imagined a day when a corporation would be able to buy an entire country.

"Sir," Lexi said, "you can't set an important reminder and then just expect me to just forget all about it. What do you think I am? Siri?" The device sounded vaguely disgusted.

"Lexi, just... *stop*. Look, I'm getting up. Okay?"

"I'm pleased to see it." Her lights calmed to blue.

With a great heave, Richard picked up his rucksack and hooked it over his shoulders. He could feel its reluctance on his aching spine.

He looked up at the imposing mountain above him and let out a puff of air.

"Your heart rate is back to normal, at least for a man of your age." 

Richard raised his eyebrows. "Well that's a relief, I suppose."

"You will be fine, sir. Now, one foot at a time."


---


It wasn't the tallest mountain in the region, but its peak was one of the more inaccessible. The village on the plateau at the top consisted only of a dozen or so wooden huts. Shacks, really. Their planked walls ran deep beneath the snow that blanketed the ground.

The first man that saw him had a thin face, dark hair and wore a rather frustrated expression. 

"Hello!" panted Richard, waving a hand. "I say, hello!" 

The man looked around him, presumably to see if any of his friends were about to help. They weren't. He clicked his tongue and approached.

Richard ran a hand through his long, silver hair, pushing it back over his shoulders. "Hello! My name is Richa-

"I know who you are. I knew you would come," said the man. "It didn't matter where we took her, you'd have found a way, wouldn't you?"

"You know why I'm here?"

"Yes. Of course. For Mina, Nikola's grandchild."

Lexi lit an excited orange. "So she's here?"

The man stepped back, his face aghast. "What is *that?*"

"Her name is Lexi. She's quite harmless, I assure you."

"No! That *thing* is part of the Fire corporation. It's not welcome here!"

"*She.* I'm a she," said Lexi, flashing an indignant purple.

"She's been unlocked," added Richard. "Set free from the Fire corp."

"How do we know we can trust? That it doesn't broadcast this information to Fire?"

"You have my word. That should be good enough. Now please, I've not slept in three days in order to get here before it's too late; *let me talk to the child*. If she doesn't want to come with me, then I'll leave. Today. But please, I need to see her."

"Your word is *not* good enough. I'm sorry." He clicked his tongue twice.

There was a loud buzzing sound that emanated from somewhere behind Richard. He turned to see a swarm of brown insects hurtling towards him. Locust? No... *Dragonflies.*

"You shouldn't have come, Mister Branson."

The creatures rapidly engulfed Richard. He swatted them back the best he could, and a handful fell to the ground, but many more were left in the air. He felt their teeth ripping into the flesh on his arms, and felt the warmth of his blood as it ran down them.

"Richard!" screamed Lexi. She turned bright red as she pumped out a supersonic frequency at full volume hoping to disrupt the dragonflies. They didn't even seem to notice.

"Please!" Richard screamed. "I'm trying to save us all!"

"Us all? You can't even save yoursel-" 

"Enough!" came a voice. A new voice, high and confident, that cut through even the buzzing of the swarm. The cloud of dragonflies suddenly lifted from Richard and dispersed into the air.

"I'm sorry, Mister Branson. My papa is *very* protective over me." The girl glared at her father, who almost cowered in shame.

"I'm sorry, my darling, I just-"

"Not now, papa. We will talk of it later."

Richard's arms were bleeding, but in that moment, he didn't feel the pain. He was too intrigued by what he saw on the ground. He picked up one of the wooden, clockwork dragonflies and held it between forefinger and thumb. Then he looked up at the dark haired girl standing by her father.

"You made these, Mina?" he said. "Incredible. Just... *incredible*. No electricity at all."

Mina smiled proudly. "Come, Mister Branson. My people will see to your wounds. Then we will talk over dinner."


They had come for Apple first. Few chose the Apple way of life, but those who did always seemed to have an air of peace and tranquility. Their isolation from the other corporations allowed them to live their lives without worry about which product was better, which product would be compatible with what, or even what features would be in their latest products. “Apple is best; Apple will set you free; Apple is all there is,” these were their mottos. It only made sense that they would be annihilated first. 

The Amazons timed their attack perfectly: Black Friday, not just the day where everyone was making use of the great deals on Amazon.com but also the day where the Apple users where hurriedly rushing out to buy the latest Apple tech.

When they were at their weakest, Amazon struck. When they were at their weakest, Amazon killed. Some Apple users tried to escape the massacre by running to the protection of the Google Earth kingdom. Anticipating this ahead of time, Amazon had already put up ads advertising iPads 70% off. The survivors never stood a chance.

 In just one day, every Apple user had been vanquished. iPads became Kindles, iPhones became Fire phones, and saying “Hey” to Siri was futile because Alexa was the only one listening. 
The other corporations were in shock. The great Avatar had always maintained the balance between the 4 corporations, and yet now he was nowhere to be found. Knowing that there was no chance for peace, Microsoft and Google prepared for war.


The weather had finally calmed. Now, in the still of the night, it grew cold. The kind of cold that whispered and breathed; permeating the bones of the men with a brutal cruelty.

The men sat together around the fire, silent and somber. 

"Brothers. Something must be done," one of the men said, finally breaking the silence.

"Shhh. You're going to get us all killed."

Alas, it was too late. The all too brief warning of an ominous growl  gave them no time to react. In the shadows it worked, with blinding speed and vicious accuracy. It's eyes glowed red in the darkness, illuminating it's maw of dagger like teeth in a crimson light. The sound of screams pierced the air, and silence once again fell.

It wasn't always like this. There was a time before. A time of prosperity. Happiness. 

But the Amazonian had turned evil. The control he sought was one of unparalleled power, and all who stood in his way did not live to tell the tale. 

Decades passed, and the resistance, valiant though they were, had weakened to the point of extinction. 

And then, one day, a hero emerged from the carnage. Battle weary and grim, the Avatar fought single handedly, a courageous warrior with nothing to spare. And finally, the Amazonian had been vanquished. 

He turned to face the hushed crowd, his brethren, and with his mighty strength hurled his sword over the cliff's edge. 

With bated breath they watched the Avatar as he began to speak.

"Brothers, sisters. We've lost many. For their sake I implore you! Technology must die. For though it may better our lives, the destruction it brings is a terrible one. I promise you this. If the technology survives, the Amazonian will survive, stronger than ever. And next time, I may not be around to save you."
He paused, pacing up and down, his breathing laboured and heavy. "It must be avoided. At all costs."

A pact was made, and for one million years, there was peace. As long as the pact was honoured, they would be safe. The story became a legend, the legend a myth, and then. It was simply forgotten. 

Deep in the bowels of his prison, the Amazonian stirred for the first time in a thousand lifetimes. He chuckled.


A business entity that can encompass all the other businesses and copy their strengths. My mind goes straight to a conclusion. It has to be the Chinese!!! Without further ado, I invoked the power of Google and booked the earliest cheapest flight the algorithm could find and started packing the bare necessities.

That, I kept reminiscing for the past few weeks. Hotel room strewn with packaging of instant dinners and instant noodles. I thought this was a 3 star hotel. The ratings were all good too. But then again, perhaps those were just fake scummy bots. Blast them. No one stole my stuff when I wasnt around thought so I'll just say so far Im happy in this foreign country.

Ive looked in all the major cities. Shanghai, Guangzhou, and even Beijing itself. Such a big economy, but such a pity. None was up to the challenge. In a stroke of luck, I met a big man at a big banquet. Bribed my way through the backdoor and the kitchen. Dont ask. These employees do not see sheepish at the slightest. Im happy they arent working with me.

Hidden among the shadows of these high profile crowds, I saw my target. This is it I guess. "Ni Hao" I said in my most awkward unrefined pronunciation. To be honest that was the only Mandarin word I know. Everywhere else on earth, I would instantly be deemed a racist to say that. However Jack Ma seems cool and understanding. His aides seem concerned, but surely not more concerned than I am. Before I can speak a word, this man as if by telepathy feels the situation and ushered me to a more quiet area. Such intuition, such abilities. This has to be "The Avatar" no doubt about it. Thus, I explain the situation.

Jack Ma seems unchanged. I couldnt tell from his expression whether he knows everything already, or he doesnt really care. "Many have come before. Say same thing to me. This is the struggle for the west. I am sorry to hear about this but... in the end this not my fight". So I guess it seems to me he doesnt really care I guess. To not waste anymore of his time I said my thanks and left. This time through the front entrance. Very nice carpets, vases, and ornaments. I turned back to grab a drink (yay free drinks) and finally exited the compound for good.

And from there I walked aimlessly throughout the cold bitter night. If hope is on sale Id order one for same day delivery. I definitely need to clear my thoughts and towards the left I saw a park and a bench so I just sat there thinking of what next to do. I hear a car stop by and the driver came out and from the footsteps I hear the person is definitely walking in my direction. This is it I guess. This is where I get a bag over my head and thrown in a drum with cement by the Yakuza. Wait. Thats Japan. So I turned around and saw some thin Asian man. "Mr Ma sends his regards. He says he knows where you need to find The Avatar". With that he passed me a card with a contact and some code word scribbled on the back and went off.

Oh boy, the ol wild goose chase all over again.

Long story short I finally get to meet the man. But what he said I will not forget "Colonization of new planets, starting with Mars, is crucial to the survival of the human species", and then he went on some stories of his plans about sending some goddamn car on a rocket to orbit around Mars. Im done man.

You know what they say. If you cant beat them. Join them. So I asked Siri to go to Amazon and buy me a house to be sent by drone and drop it on my backyard. Too bad I didnt have enough money for that. So I lost the house, my job, everything.

So thats my story. Now give me some change dude *shakes plastic cup with a few coins inside*

THE END

_________________________________________

p/s: I just wanted to make a joke about China being very good at copying everything. Never before posted anything in this sub since I dont write much anyway. Hope it not too boring of a story


"Thousands, perhaps millions people used to live here. Now it's nothing but a ghost town."

The billionaire said as he led me through the empty street of a broken empire. Hardly nothing was left, torn roads and tattered houses. There were remnants of an once prosperity home, but everything was covered in a bitter mist. The past was always better, perhaps because we were more innocent.

"Reminds me of Detroit."

I said, apathetically. After all, I had experienced what they what they had experienced. That's why I was there, to bring down the Amazon empire.

"You should have seen this place when it used to have some life." - said the billionaire with a poignant look. - "Even when they were up against the Amazonians, they were so lively. They fought a good battle--"

"--and they lost." - I interrupted. - "Nothing can comes from clinging on the past, Mr. Zang. Nothing."

"You speak a lot of wisdom for a woman your age." - he gazed at me with a grin.

"I know what's like to be a loser, to be a god in the past and nobody in the present. I'm not here to speak philosophy."

"You know nothing." - Mr. Zang shook his head, and we moved forward.

"May I ask why you bought this lot of land to be the base of operation?" - I asked, picking up a piece of what used to be a poster encouraging people in wartime.

"When I was young and dirt poor, my family used to go here in search of food. I reckon it was not the best of sight, scavenging expired items for a meal, but we got no choice left. This kingdom back then was fighting a losing battle, the price kept going down. Nonetheless they fed us. And we survive while this place turned into oblivion."

"So it was out of gratitude."

"That, and because the price was cheap. I'm a business man at heart, after all. Here we are."

Mr. Zang slided open a electonic sliding door that no longer worked. Inside, a man, who I believed used to be obese, walked toward us with a cane in his hand. He was crippled. Yet, there was an aura of a ruler to him.

The sullen, blonde haired man looked at me with his weary eyes.

"Wallace Martinez." - he extended his big yet thin hand. - "I used to be the king around here. This is my castle."

"I'm Lisa." - he had a weak grip, like a man used to living in memories that he forgets about reality. - "You must be WalMart."

He nodded, trying to keep the refined air.

"Let's get inside." - Wallace said. - "It must have been a long journey."

We followed him to a deeper room in the 'castle' - a half ruined store that sat under and on top of rubble. As soon as we got to the inner room, a swarm of young boys overwhelmed us. They all looked exactly the same, an army of discarded robots with their wires showing all over the place. The poor things. But the way a hundred eyes watched us, it was creepy.

"Mr. Zang, this is--" - I asked, nervously.

"Toy!" - they all shouted in union, making me jumped back.

'What?" - I muttered.

The hundred voices spoke once more.

"We are Toy. Toys R Us."

"Settle down, children." - came the warm voice from the back.

A man walked out, old-style suit, albeit a ragged one. His hair was grey with a few strands of black. He was the only one who got a firm look on the present.

"Howard B. Osborne. Or you can call me H.B.O." - he shook my hand - "I might not have gone down like you do, but I was defeated in the same manner."

Howard, I remembered now. He lost the battle against Netchus Flison, or Netflix.

"Since we have all gathered here," - said Mr. Zang - "Let us begin the first meeting of the Resistance."

"There is only so many of you?" - I glanced around the room.

"For now." - said Wallace with great enthusiasm. - "But once my old friends know of us, they will come. I can already feel the Golden Age returning."

"Let's be real, Wally," - Howard patted the king's back - "Our time has gone forever. We can only hope that future generations won't suffer like we did."

Wallace sighed, moving toward his 'throne' - one made of paper towels and cardboard.

"Who is she?" - Toys pointed at me.

"I'm Lisa." - I introduced myself.

"Who is she?" - the creepy eyes repeated.

"I think they mean who you used to be." - Howard translated for me. - "I'm curious as well."

"She is--" - Mr. Zang spoke with high hope, but I signed him to stop.

"I'm just like you guys. My family used to own some parks here and there. But once the Amazonians released their flying parks, we were crushed. Not quickly, but painfully. I'm Lisa Disney, the great-granddaughter of Walt."

Now it was scarier as Toys clapped their hands all at once. When the ovation ended, Mr. Zang pulled out something from his pocket.

"I'm suppose this would be enough for our first mission."

It was a golden coin with an initial B. The Bit.


It had been a long night; one of a series, and there was no sign that they would improve in the future. The bastions were falling; net neutrality had become history in nation after nation. It wasn't the only factor in what was being called "The Rise", but it was one of the most significant, and its absence had become a herald of things to come. They were counting the votes in the Riksdag, and Sweden's future looked bleak. It had started years earlier, with the striking down of the last meaningful antitrust law in the United States. Five years prior to that fateful ruling, nobody thought of Amazon as a malevolent force in the world, and indeed it wasn't; it was simply part of a complex balance of forces keeping the various wills and motives of the universe in check. Amazon's acquisition of Wal-Mart came as a shock to many, but not nearly as much as their subsequent extraordinarily successful campaign against any and all antitrust legislation they could get their hands on. The collapse of net neutrality two years prior had made it possible for the new megacorporation Amazon to control almost every media outlet in the United States, allowing them to remove the few remaining obstacles to becoming the most powerful single institution in human history.

That was the beginning of the end. The single most powerful institution on Earth was now an organization with the sole objective of financial profit. The result was inevitable; as the organization named 'Amazon' grew, it took on a new mantle. It ceased to resemble its old self, and become all of the worst aspects of The East India Company, Standard Oil, US Steel, British Petroleum, JojaCorp, and every other of their ilk.

The last few years had been a series of tragedies for Annika Kronstaat. She had watched as nation after nation fell to the influence of The Corporation; watched as petty dictators and developed democracies alike came under the subtle but pervasive influence of an international institution which had become akin to a force of nature; neither benevolent nor malevolent. Tearing resources away from whole populations in the interest of efficiency; polluting water supplies for whole nations in order to redistribute it to more sensible markets, leaving millions in the dark to power the machine of the future.

Then there was a turtle. The turtle was on her computer screen. The computer was in an ordinary flat in Stockholm; expensive for its size, but with a washer and drier in the unit. And as she looked on the face of the turtle, she thought "Is this real, or did I stay up too late?" She asked the turtle, "Are you real? Is this like the Matrix?"

The turtle peered out of a vast ocean in the monitor, which seemed larger suddenly; "There was a time, long in the past, when we bent the elements in the land, and before that in another way foreign altogether to the world today. That time is past, the link severed."

She froze on the spot; her mouse above the 'x' in the corner. She had been about to close the window, titled 'veilpiercer', but the turtle on her screen had just repeated her grandfather's dying words. She turned her volume up and took her hand off of her mouse.

"There was a one in that time who was joined to the forces of nature; the one who was many. That person's will held together the forces and kept them in balance, but that time is past; the one has crossed over and closed the barrier. It cannot be broken again; and the world of spirits can no longer help those past the material gate. The last of those who were many, the last Avatar, closed that gate permanently, and in doing so, we had believed, closed the door to that world forever. It was believed that the spirits of our world and the forces of yours had been separated forever, and that the idea of the spirit of nature would in time become but a myth, a romantic concept, to your side of the veil. We were wrong. Somehow a spirit is on your side of the Great Rift, and we, the world of spirits, are powerless to help you. We are here only to warn you. We don't know if a world of material beings can combat a spiritual threat, there may be no way to fight an ethereal battle with material means, but if there is, you must find it."

She had had dreams about this for years. Was this just another dream?

"Why me?"

"Because although you have no spiritual power with any origin on *this* side of the break, you.. Are the spiritual descendant of the one that is many. You are the Avatar."

"Is this a dream?"

"From my vantage point, all your world is a dream. What matters is that it is your dream."

Her blue eyes glowed with a bright light for a brief moment as she became aware of links between her memories; threads within her recollections. Her dreams had never made sense to her, but suddenly they did, and a million voices cried out their stories to her, overwhelming her with the magnitude of her many selves, past, present, and future. In that moment she knew in her heart that the voice on the screen spoke the truth. She knew in that moment that though the fight ahead was long, it was not over. As cheers echoed from the TV in the corner and the final vote in favor was counted, sealing the fate of Sweden, she knew that her quest, far from being at an end, was just beginning.


The world was in turmoil - the unchecked superpowers of the computer world had manifested into physical forms that society had not yet adjusted too.  The Avatar - the one who kept balance among the computerized Titans - had disappeared! 

Amazon pounced on the opportunity to throw the world into imbalance! The elements were in Chaos! 

There was little hope, society was doomed .... then a small group rose up and challenged the imbalance of power! Begging and pleading for the Amazon to back down from its monopolistic views and calling out for the Avatar to return.

They had little effect - but the rebellious group called the Consumers remained undeterred! Acquiring the assistance of the 'Hacker', the Consumers fought back against the imbalance the Avatar had caused in its apathy!

And after a their combined efforts, a VIRAL effort.....the world began to change again .....

****Not a writer


FADE IN:

EXT. A DEEP VALLEY - THE HIDDEN CAMPSITE - NIGHT

*Several figures are huddled around a campfire, thick blankets covering each of them. The flicker from the firelight casts curious shadows on the high rock walls at the edges of its glow. Quiet-yet-casual whispers are heard, as if everyone present has grown used to feeling perpetually tense. An alarmed voice shouts from above. This is DEREK.*

**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) Stranger approaching!

*The figures leap to their feet, throwing off their blankets and revealing that they are clad in worn combat gear. Firearms are drawn, and everyone turns to face the valley's entrance. One of the older individuals looks upward. This is ROBERT.*

**ROBERT:** Can you tell anything about him?    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) ... No.    
**ROBERT:** What do you mean, "no?"    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) He walks a bit like a Steve, but he doesn't seem as confident. He has a Matthew gun on his hip.    
**ROBERT:** So, when you said "no," what you really meant was "I can't be bothered to extrapolate from available information."    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) I'm not a Francis! Dereks never got any fancy-shmancy logic training!    
**ROBERT:** Yeah, well, the first Derek was probably a meathead.

*One of the figures in the crowd pumps his fist in the air. This is CHAD.*

**CHAD:** (*Shouting*) Football!    
**ROBERT:** Shut up, Chad.    
**CHAD:** Sorry.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S*) Anyway, it's not just the Matthew gun or the Steve sneak. He also has a Robert sword in a sheath on his back.

*Robert glances down at his own hip, where a machete-like weapon his hanging.*

**ROBERT:** On his *back?*    

*A young woman at the back of the crowd raises her hand. This is SARAH.*

**SARAH:** Maybe he's a Jacob?

*Robert shakes his head.*

**ROBERT:** Jacobs have hand-to-hand training, last I checked. A Jacob wouldn't be carrying a blade.    
**SARAH:** Well, maybe a Jacob got in touch with a rogue Robert somewhere along the line.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) He's not a Derek, I'll tell you that.

*Robert rolls his eyes, and many of the people in the crowd murmur with mild annoyance.*

**ROBERT:** Yes, Derek, we're all aware of your precious sniper skills.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) Do you think this is easy? Huh?    
**SARAH:** Yes.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) You guys get to sit down there by the fire all night, and I'm...

*The sudden sound of something slipping on dirt interrupts Derek. Several small rocks fall from above.*

**ROBERT:** ... Are you okay up there?    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) I dropped my dinner.    
**ROBERT:** We'll get you another one. Look, how far away is this stranger?    
**STRANGER:** (*O.S.*) Uh... hi?

*Everyone whirls around to see a young man standing behind them. This is THE STRANGER. Robert sighs and rubs his forehead.*

**ROBERT:** Derek...    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) You never asked which direction he was coming from! You just assumed! That's not on me!    
**SARAH:** I say we shoot him.    
**STRANGER:** (*Panicked*) Wait, wait, wait!

*The stranger holds up his hands and takes a step back.*

**STRANGER:** (*CONT'D*) I'm not trying to make trouble! I just want to trade!    
**SARAH:** That's fine. I was talking about Derek.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) Screw you, Sarah.

*Robert makes his way through the crowd, approaching the stranger.*

**ROBERT:** I'm sure you can understand our hesitance to let just anyone into our camp.    
**STRANGER:** No, yeah, that's... yeah, I get it.    
**ROBERT:** Let's start with your name. What are you?

*The stranger clears his throat nervously.*

**STRANGER:** Uh, I'm... look, don't worry about it.

*Several seconds pass in silence.*

**CHAD:** (*O.S.*) Football!    
**ROBERT:** Shut up, Chad!    
**CHAD:** (*O.S.*) Sorry.    
**ROBERT:** (*To the stranger*) Don't you have a name, son? Something you do?    
**STRANGER:** Let's just say that it's unique. My parents... well, they had some weird ideas.    
**SARAH:** Stupid ones, more like. 

*Despite already looking nervous, the stranger begins to appear even more uncomfortable.*

**STRANGER:** Uh, yeah, I... it doesn't matter. I just want to trade.    
**ROBERT:** I'm not sure you have anything we need.    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) I need some new food, if that counts.    
**SARAH:** I could use a new soldering iron. Do you have one of those?

*The stranger shakes his head.*

**STRANGER:** Sorry. I have spare parts, cigarettes, some medicine, survival supplies... you know. The usual fare.    
**ROBERT:** Oh, so you're like a Srikanth!    
**STRANGER:** Nah, I can't haggle worth a damn.

*The sound of a large explosion in the distance causes everyone to pause and glance at the sky for a few seconds.*

**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) Welp, the southern Inclusion Republic outpost just ate it.    
**ROBERT:** An attack?    
**DEREK:** (*O.S.*) Looks more like a Dave screw-up, honestly.    
**STRANGER:** Actually, I just came from there. They had *three* Daves.    
**SARAH:** That's bad.    
**ROBERT:** Yep. Emphasis on "had," I suppose.

*Robert sighs and shakes his head, then turns back to the stranger.*

**ROBERT:** (*CONT'D*) You're welcome to stay here for the night, but you'll have to earn your keep.    
**STRANGER:** That's fine.    
**ROBERT:** What can you do?    
**STRANGER:** Couldn't I just... you know, like, wash your dishes or something?    
**ROBERT:** Why are you so reluctant to say what you can do? What *are* you, anyway?

*The crowd tightens around the stranger, whose discomfort grows. His eyes dart around... but then, he sighs with resignation.*

**STRANGER:** Oh, whatever. Fine. Let's get this over with.    
**CHAD:** (*O.S.*) Football!

*A dull thud is heard, followed by the sound of an unconscious body hitting the dirt.*

**ROBERT:** Thank you, Michael.    
**SARAH:** (*To the stranger*) So? Let's hear it, then.    
**STRANGER:** Okay. So.

*The stranger sighs again. He closes his eyes. When he opens them, a complete change seems to have come over him: He is animated, and his face has broken out into a comical grin of nearly manic amusement. Several people take steps back, but nobody says anything.*

**SARAH:** I'm getting impatient.

*The stranger leans toward Sarah, his insane smile widening.*

**STRANGER:** Hi, Getting Impatient! *I'm Dad!*

CUT TO BLACK.


It seemed like every person I knew was part of a greater picture.  The Bobs were all electrical engineers.  The Susans were oncologists.  Alexs were doctors.  Ferns were all horticulturists.  Everyone had a place, everyone was in a faction.  When a couple was pregnant, they thought long and hard about what they wanted their child to be.  Interestingly enough, names no longer were gender specific.  You'd meet a woman just as likely to be named Ralph (plumber) as Jane (zookeeper).  Or a man named Elizabeth (historians) or Scott (police officer).  Everyone was defined by their name, which was code for what job they did.   

Eventually this made trouble, as too many parents were picking "prestigious names" for doctors or lawyers, and not enough were picking "lesser ones" for waiters and electricians.  You know, the trades, or service people.  Until the government stepped in.  Now each parent had a choice, they could pick a name based on what was needed at the time.  Some claimed the system wasn't fair, that the people with more money could grease some palms to get better names for their kids, but the system worked.  Even more so when they made all jobs more equal.  

It turns out, we need garbage workers as much as we need doctors, and suddenly the job held a lot more respect.

Names were final, and people who went against the government faced heavy fines and penalties.  Eventually people stopped trying.  What good was it having a child for it to be taken from you and raised in another country that had a shortage of that name? Never able to see them again?  It was soon unheard of.  People grumbled, but the world was a smooth operating place.  It was hard to argue with results. 

But it was still a clique.  Rachels (fashion designers) hung out with other Rachels, and they typically married Rosses (the paleontologists).    Everyone had a place.  Everyone fit into a plan.  

Except me.  It was lonely being different. 

My parents - Pam (actuary) and Tom (flight attendant) - were different.  They didn't want that for me.  They said they wanted me to choose my own destiny.  So they picked something unique.  Or what they thought was unique, but was actually a lost name.   I don't think they accounted for the name retroactively giving me knowledge.  

Everyone was so focused on naming their children practical names, ones that have a solid future, they forgot the fun ones.  The arts.  My parents named me Ludwig.   I was born in secret, they had me at home.  Once I was named there was nothing the government could do to change it, your future becomes set.  At first my parents were afraid they would be punished, but my unusual name seemed to confuse the authorities.  They decided they would see how I played out, rather than openly make an example.  They were used to parents secretly birthing doctors, not strange names they had never heard of.  They covered up my birth, claiming my parents were given permission.

I remember when I first went to school, already the separation had begun.  Janets (vets) played with other Janets, or maybe Georgias (horse trainers).  Randals (teachers) played with other Randals, or maybe Mariannes (principals).  So long as their fields were related, they stuck together.  

It was lonely growing up.  No one knew how music fit into anything.  There were still other Musicans around, but no one on the scale I was.  I was held at arms length, almost reverently.  An anomaly.   In a world of doctors, lawyers, architects, and construction workers, I'm one of the only composers.  My concerts are always packed.  And I see it from my stage, how my music bridges the gap.  For the short time that I play, people come together.  The cliques dissolve, and they all feel the same thing.  It's a heady gift. 

But it was a lonely existence. I saw the world differently.  I didn't have a collective to draw on.  My knowledge was limited to the last Ludwig, who had lived centuries ago, and what I learned myself.  But then one day I met someone else like me.  Another anomaly.  Artemisia.  And for the first time I feel excitement.  She's like me, unusual.  And her paintings speak to something inside, that makes my music more.   But something has me worried.  People are taking notice of us, not in a good way.  I'm worried for what that could mean for our future...



~~~

Hoped you liked it!! Also, I had to make a Friends reference.  Just had to.


"I hate Sebastians," Sebastian said.

I nodded. Sebastians were the worst, present company excepted. Well, apart from Kylies, of course, but everyone knew that.

"You're lucky," she said to me. "You get to experience everything for the first time."

Luck, I suppose, was a matter of perspective. It didn't always feel lucky to be in a class of one, struggling to learn to write, or solve calculus problems, or research a history paper.

"If I miss an episode of TV," she said, "then it's ruined. Somewhere, another Sebastian has already started watching it, and I know what will happen. I never had the pleasure of watching The Italian Job for the first time and seeing the twist ending."

"You could watch the remake," I suggested.

"Pssh," Sebastian said. "Don't be daft. Even among 500 million Sebastians, nobody is that desperate."

"Have you ever seen the Grand Canyon?" she continued. "I wish I could see it for the first time, not knowing how amazing it is, and just be swept away by its beauty."

I had never seen the Grand Canyon. I'd seen a picture in a book once, a big gash in the ground, stretching for miles, lined with dry shrubs, carpeted by a trickling river-

Wait.

I had never known this much about the Grand Canyon.

Sebastian saw my panicked face. "What's wrong?"

"Somebody has taken my name," I growled. "Somebody else is called God."

If this continued, there was a danger that I would soon know everything.

---

*If you liked this, you can read more of my stories at [/r/jd_rallage](https://www.reddit.com/r/jd_rallage). Unless you're called Sebastian. Sebastians are the worst.*^1

^1. ^I've ^only ^ever ^met ^one ^Sebastian, ^and ^he ^was ^perfectly ^nice.


"No. Absolutely not. There is no way in hell," I said to the suited man at the front door.

But let me backtrack a little.

My friend John wrote his dissertation at the age of four. It was a comparative study of different techniques for emission spectroscopy in the analysis of compound materials. John waited until he was four to write his dissertation for two reasons. Reason number one was that that was how long it took him to master control of the bank of knowledge in his brain. Reason number two was that it took him until he was four to really comprehend how to grip a pencil.

John was pretty average, for someone in one of the largest factions in the world.

Sometimes I wondered what it would be like to just *know* things without having to slog through the process of learning them. Of course, it would help if my parents had been remotely prepared for the implications of naming their child Slartibartfast - but no, they just went ahead with their weird Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reference, and didn't even consider the fact that they would have to *tell* me things like, "Hey, maybe don't stick that fork in a plug socket." And that those nuggets of wisdom should probably be phrased in a way comprehensible to someone without a Physics PhD's worth of knowledge.

Frankly, it was a wonder I made it through childhood. But somehow I did, and with the help of an armful of old school textbooks that my parents found at a worn down secondhand bookshop, I learnt just about enough to vaguely blend in with society. My dad always claimed that the fact I had to learn how to learn, how to analyse and understand for myself, would put me ahead of the rest. 

I'm pretty sure my dad just talked bollocks because he felt guilty for what he'd done. 

Anyway, I developed a particular interest in botany, and eventually I scraped together enough knowledge to find a low-paying job in a garden centre.

"So that's why the *Chrysanthemum boreale* is the best in its genus," finished one of the twenty-six Lilys who worked in the garden centre, as I struggled frantically to write down everything she'd just said.

Rowan number fourteen frowned. "But the rhizome's shorter than for several other species," he said. "Surely that makes it less viable for-" But he broke off.

"Less viable for...?" I prompted him.

But Rowan's face was turning pale. He staggered back, clutching onto a trellis for support, as Lily gasped. Her eyes were wide open in shock, and she sunk to the ground, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Her arms curled around her stomach as though to protect herself. I turned back to Rowan to see tears glittering in his eyes.

"Guys, what's happening? Guys?"

Lily looked up at me. "It's awful... God, it's awful."

"What's awful? Talk to me!"

Her mouth opened and closed, but the only noise that came out of it was a racking sob. She curled in on herself again, a tight ball on the ground. My gut twisted, panic rising in my throat. I turned and ran down the path, back towards the indoor area of the centre. My heart was pounding, my brain moving at a hundred miles a minute.

I burst through the main entrance into the centre, and ground suddenly to a halt. It was like the scene of an accident, if the bloodshed had been Photoshopped out. People huddled together, horror etched on their faces. One woman's muffled screams were audible from the next room, while a man standing motionless near the door flinched every time she made a sound, his eyes staring blankly ahead. A small child was crying hysterically at his feet.

It took a minute for anyone to pull themselves together, but eventually I found someone who seemed just about calm enough to talk to me.

"Excuse me... What's going on?"

She looked at me with shock. "You don't know?"

"No, I... have an uncommon name."

She sighed a long, drawn out sigh. "There's been an attack."

"What? What kind of attack?"

"They had weapons I've never seen before. They blew up half of Manchester - they wanted to attract as much attention as possible. All those names watching, there's got to be hardly anyone who doesn't know about it. And they said..." Her breath hitched. "They said they're watching."

The scene was replayed on the news over and over in the days that followed. The leader of the group, of unknown name, spoke, his voice harsh and cold. "We know how to slip under your radar, how to plan without any of you knowing what to watch for. But if you try to stop us, we *will* see you coming. We have sympathisers in every major faction. We know what you know, and we see what you see. You have no choice but to yield to our control."

Those were dark days. The country had pretty much ground to a halt, afraid to leave their homes or venture outside. The police formulated countless plans, but each time, a laughing voice read it out word for word in a recording sent to any random detective's email. And each time, the contents of the recording would be leaked back to the major news centres of the world, and the cycle would begin anew.

Until, the Monday after the attack, there was a knock at my door. I opened it to find a tall, earnest-looking man wearing a grey suit and a pair of thick glasses.

"Mr... Slartibartfast?"

"Yeah, that's me," I said warily.

"My name is Matthew Hannigan."

"Right."

"That's Matthew with-" he paused, "-three Ts."

"Yeah, I'm sorry, but whatever it is you're trying to sell, I'm not interested." I started to close the door, but found Matthew's - or Mattthew's - foot wedging it open.

"I'm not trying to sell you anything. Except, in a way, hope!" His eyes were wide beneath the smudged lenses.

"Mate, I don't know what kind of sales technique this is, but-"

"Listen to me! I work in the Office for National Statistics, where I have access to the census data for the whole country. I know how many people have each name out there, and yours and mine - they're unique! My parents misspelled my name on my birth certificate, see." He was talking very fast, the pitch of his voice rising with every word. "There's two more out there like us, and with your help..." He paused for breath, a smile beginning to curve his lips.

"I still don't understand what you want from me."

"With your help, we can save the world!"

"No. Absolutely not. There is no way in hell."


"Syrog-73A of The Delta Region." I muttered. My name was so ridiculous. I used to hate my parents for giving me such a horrible name. I had to learn, not something than any of my friends ever had to do. My whole life was a struggle. Playing a game of cards with Bob, Bob and Bob would always result in two of them knowing to fold whilst I was left in the dark. It seemed my name had no advantages. That was, until the war began.

The Tom's of this world had began it, although everyone was soon joining in. Conventional weaponry was only so effective. Instead they used psychological torture. Because if you could convince one Bob that life wasn't worth living, they'd all want to die. I on the other hand was safe. I shared knowledge with no one. I was the only one who could save the world.

It was lonely at first but soon I found others like me such as Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm and Chipvsbugzymalonethebeefisreal. We were the outcasts of society but now we would be its heroes.


“Alexes, today we will take what’s ours!” The handsome young Alex stands atop a large pyramid of wooden crates, his voice booming across the entire marketplace.  “Today, we will storm the Presidential Palace!”

*“Bring him down! Bring him down!”* The crowd around me chant at the top of their voices.

“We will not be abused anymore. We will not be slaves anymore. Today, we will take back our city for all of Alexkind!”

The crowd goes wild. I creep along the crowded marketplace, making myself as small as possible. A tide of Alexes surround me, holding various weapons the scavenged from their homes – axes, pitchforks, frying pans. I turn into a dark alley and hide.

“Lexi, over here.”

Lexi, my younger sister, scrambles into the narrow alley with me. I pull her into my arms, panting deeply. We’ve been on the run for the past two days.

“Can we rest here, brother?”

“Yes, my dear,” I say, gently patting her head. Her big, blue eyes are bloodshot. “We can stay here. But not for long, okay?”

There’s some trash beneath a poster of President Alexander. I rummage through the trash. We find a half-eaten chicken drumstick and ravenously gobble it down. It’s the best meal We’ve had in days.

The alley is plastered with colorful posters of all shapes and sizes, but they all have the same words. “Unite”, it says, “Unite for the freedom of Alexkind!” From every poster, the regal eyes of President Alexander stares into me. Silent. Judging. Like he knows my secret.

Like he knows I’m not an Alex.

It’s been two years since they killed Mom and Dad. The laws are clear as crystal – fail to name your child Alex and you die. Simple as that. I never understood why they would put themselves in such danger. They said in all of human history, there has only been two others with my name. It was a forbidden name. But whoever he or she is, they certainly haven't been of any help.

Since Mom and Dad were killed, Alexis and I have been on the run. We would definitely be killed too if President Alexander's people found us. Maybe hung on the bridge, like so many others. But I’ll never let any harm come to Lexi. They’ll take her away over my dead body.

Some of the posters have been heavily defaced. “Tyrant!” was scrawled across several posters in what appears to be blood. *“A rising tide of dissent,”* uncle Al would say with a sigh. *“These violent delights have violent ends.”* 

For decades, President Alexander has used the collective intelligences of a thousand Alexes to invent new, sadistic weapons to keep the population under control. Most recently, his scientists invented a gun that uses the quantum entanglement between the minds of Alexes to inflict agonising pain on another. It's the worst form of torture possible.   

The Alexes have had enough. We’re a society on the brink of civil war.

All of a sudden, it becomes deathly quiet. I look out into the marketplace. Everyone has stopped moving. Lexi freezes. Her eyes go blank. Then, with perfect coordination, they turn to face the Presidential Palace and start marching. 

Lexi marches away from me. She chants, in unison with the rest of the Alexes, “All hail King Alexander! All hail King Alexander!”

I grab Lexi as she walks away from me, but her arm slips through my fingers. “No!” I shout as she blends into the march of Alexes. What's happening? Why are they behaving this way?

Then it hits me – President Alexander has taken over the mind of all the Alexes, including my sister. *Mom and Dad knew this would happen,* it dawns on me. *President Alexander has used the quantum entanglement between the brains of Alexes to take over their minds.* And only a non-Alex can stop him.

And I must save Lexi.


It took only a day.
A shadowy organization saw the sharing of information through names, and so realized a great loophole in the univese

_The mechanical spiders finished their construction of a nano-fabricator_

Earth is not the only planet. There are billions. Somewhere, far away, there would be an alien civilization with knowledge far beyond our own. And some of those aliens would have _names_

_The SENS research foundation's goal is now complete. Old age is eradicated. Inevitable death itself has been slain. The aging population crisis is over. The lives of all of us have been saved._

And so, the shadowy organization took it upon themselves to mass-breed, creating thousands of children in secret, and naming them literally everything. Every possible sound and light pattern to create was noted and tested, until eventually, a child was born with a name from an alien planet, billions of years old. 

_The child's first words were all the evidence they needed. No human sound, but a throaty collection of clicks and hisses_

Global warming cured, and nuclear fusion attained. The future was bright... However, soon, other names began to gather alien information too, and with that, the location of Earth was given to the alien conglomerate... No secrets remain. Now we can only hope our hosts do not find us wanting.


"Don't ever let anyone make you feel like less, simply because you don't know as much immediately. Everything you ever know, will be all yours and only yours.  All you see in your life will be with your own two eyes, and not a second rate postcard as seen by someone else." My mother's words rang in my head for the millionth time in my twenty-six year life.  The first time I had heard them, an Alex had informed me that because I did not understand taxes at the age of five, that I was irredeemably stupid.   

Schools had long since vanished by the time I had been born.  There was no need for them.  Other things had been lost, most art was worthless now, everyone had seen it, and no one was creating anything new, because there was nothing new to see.  Sports had become boring and predictable, as all teammates on all teams usually had the same name, and thus knew everything about what everyone was doing. Another simplification of life, was that there were no longer job interviews.  Your name dictated what you knew, all you had to do was introduce yourself and you were either in or out.   Parents named their children according to the jobs and status they wished for their child, and thus those children were born with the wealth of knowledge needed to function instinctively in the world.  An example would be that most lawyers are named Lauren or David, while most EMT's and nurses are Keith or Rebecca. 

I on the other hand, had to have upstarts for parents, rebels, named Susan and Jim.  A pharmacy technician and factory worker respectively, they had always hated the system in which they were forced to live in.  So instead of allowing me to fit in, they forced me out, and gave me a completely unique name.  

Well, I wouldn't say completely unique, there have been others with my name, a simple Irish thing, but they have long since died out.  And since the name is so very uncommon, and had been for a while, people just kind of forgot it existed. 

So, knowing this I am sure you can imagine the struggles I faced.  I had learned to read and write on my own, I had learned math on my own, and had even gotten the equivalent of a college education, completely alone.  Sure, my parents had attempted to help me, but neither of them had ever taught or been taught anything, and had no real idea how to support the choice they had made.  

I collected books, old and new, on everything.  I wanted to learn as much as I could, so that it wouldn't matter that my name was lonely.  And I drew.  I drew everything my eyes landed on, so that I could have that memory in my own perspective forever.  I traveled as much as I could, all I really had was the van my parents had helped me buy, a cranky old cat by the name of Strudel, my growing backseat library, and my sketchbooks.  A job was out of the question, no one would hire an unrecognized name, not even as a gas station attendant.  Living within a community was also out of the question, not just because I lacked income, but because people didn't trust me. 

So I drove, and I drew, and I survived by doing odd jobs here and there for kind individuals.  They were almost always a Lucy, or a Tom.  Strudel stretched his massive fluffs across the dashboard, sunning himself as the engine purred down the highway.  Every so often I would stop and draw something, Strudel would stretch his legs and hiss at bugs, and then we would be on our way.  

It was a quiet life, and mostly lonely.  I had to remind myself every day that my name was a gift, and that I lived a life of curiosity and wonder.  Sometimes that helped, but most of the time it did little to ease the solitude.  

---

I sat by the edge of a small flowing river, a hundred yards from the side of the road.  My fishing line danced lazily in the moving water, flicking in an out of gem-like pockets of sunshine.  Strudel was off killing moles and eating dandelions.  And I of course was drawing,  I was drawing the stream and the trees, changing the world on paper to my liking, adding creatures and altering foliage and colors and light.  By the time I was half way through the image was unrecognizable as the stream before me, but I saw the vision I wanted very clearly, born from this moment of tranquility.  

I was so focused I didn't even hear them approach me.  Only when the man crouched down, and entered my field of vision did I shriek and attempt to scurry away, only to run into a slender pair of legs and a dropped picnic basket.

"What the fuck?! DUDE?!"  I clutched my chest with one hand and scrabbled for my sketchbook with the other.  Strudel had emerged from the grass, hissing and growling, but staying a good distance away from our guests.

The man's eyes were wide and looking past me, at the notepad in my hands.  I looked up at the woman, and she was staring too, tears bubbling in the corners of her green eyes. 

"What is with you two? Are you on drugs? Can I help you? HELLO?" I moved to stand, and my action seemed to snap them out of it, but as soon as the woman went to speak what I can only assume were their phones began ringing.  He answered his with a hushed tone, but there was shouting on the other end, not angry but excited, ecstatic even.  The woman ignored hers and grasped my arms in a vice grip.

"Do you have any more pictures.  Please. I have never seen anything like it."  Her voice was frantic, and I handed her my sketchbook.  It was new and maybe had four or five pictures in it, but every time she flipped a page her eyes would grow wide and fill with tears.  

Wordlessly she handed the book to the man, who was still on the phone, but this time fielding a different call.  He carefully turned the pages with the curiosity of a child.

These two were seriously weirding me out.  I had backed up towards my car at this point, and was holding a hissing Strudel by the nape of his neck.  By this time the man had hung up his phone and put it on silent, and was speaking animatedly to the woman, gesturing at my drawings. I was about to make a break for it when they both turned to me.

"How much for these pictures?"  His voice was unsteady and he reached for his wallet.  I was dumbfounded.

"Uh...what?"

"We don't know how you did it. A new perspective.  Please, how much?"  I still blinked stupidly as the man walked up to me and handed me two hundred dollars. 

Slowly it dawned on me. My unique name was indeed a gift, not just for me, but for everyone around me.  I could show them the whole world through new eyes.  And sure, when one drawing had been seen, it had been seen, but that didn't stop me from drawing it a new way or drawing completely new subject matter.   I had something that was all mine, and people wanted in on it. 


A smile crept onto my face, genuine happiness at my individuality for the first time in my whole life.  I had long since dropped Strudel, who had attempted to shred my arms, and I was clutching myself in a tight hug, the two hundred dollars forgotten in my fist.

"Excuse me."  The woman had managed to get in front of me without my knowledge, I really needed to work on that.

"Yes?"  She was uncomfortably close and I tried to lean way from her without being rude.

"I'm sorry, I just have to know.  What is your name?"  I thought about the question for a minute.  Telling people my name was never an issue before, who would want it right?  Another smile found its way to my face and I shook my head as I scooped up Strudel and moved to get into my car.  I started the engine and rolled down the window.  She looked confused, standing by the side of the road, holding those precious drawings.  

"It's a secret."   

---

Thanks for reading!


Mulan Szechuan Sauce

Yes, the same fucking sauce that is currently available in McDonalds during April Fools. 

That's my name. Mulan Szechuan Sauce, I'm a guy named Mulan born in Ohio not Szechuan and develop a rare allergic reaction to one specific widely food industry ingredients which btw is the key ingredient to make McDonald Sauces. So, I can't even eat the famous Mulan Szechuan Sauce. 

My Father being born a Chinese Muslim from Singapore, he wanted to add his family name and the most famous name in Islam, Lee and Muhammad. 

Mum on the other hand was, still is, very competitive decided to track her ancestors which apparently is linked to Russian and Indian linage and wanted to add Alexai and Adhitya into my name. 

Their little competition attracted my grandparents which started their own competition and chose Johnson and Smith since my mother is from USA. Face palming, my grandparents on my father's side decided to make an ultimatum if they put Johnson and Smith, my name should also include, this is quite a long one, 

 Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller

In that order. Should be the in the middle of my name. 

At this point, you would expect all of them to end it with a laugh but lo and behold, President Drumpf heard this and tweeted a Presidential Order to include Drumpf in my name. Yes, Drumpf. 

And that Sirs started the shit storm that almost collapse Tweeter (former name Twitter Inc). 

Kardashians, Evans, Lawrence, Tatum, Clooney, Depp, Pitt, Damon, Lannister, Potter and Greyjoy are the main 11 names who started to gain momentum because their fans were not satisfied that somehow the Smiths manage to get their name but not them. 

UN on the other hand made an emergency meeting to include the names of all respective members of the UN, which concluded after two months of intense discussion finally decided on 'The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy' as their agreed upon name representing UN. 

Thus my current name, which I have to write on every page for my university entrance exam, You heard it right, EVERY FUCKING PAGE, is: 

Muhammad Drumpf Damon Lannister Potter Greyjoy Kardashians Evans Lawrence Tatum Clooney Depp Pitt  Mulan Szechuan Sauce  Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller Johnson Smith Alexai Adhitya The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy Lee

Jokes on them, I'm currently is the smartest person alive but for the life of me, I could never remember my name without checking my extra large ID. Courtesy of the White House. And..... I forgot the last one again. 

Muhammad Drumpf Damon Lannister Potter Greyjoy Kardashians Evans Lawrence Tatum Clooney Depp Pitt  Mulan Szechuan Sauce  Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller Johnson Smith Alexai Adhitya The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy Lee Is White. 

I'm not even white dammit!


"It's a curse, Zlewesky, others don't see it, but your dad and I, we did," mum coughed as she struggled to finish her last sentence, her frail hands holding me. I gently stroke them, feeling the wrinkles beneath mine.

She pulled me closer to her. Her hands trembled as she whispered into my ears. "You're the last remnant of us now."

I watched as her eyes fluttered, before closing forever. I laid her head down on her favourite pillow, as I stared at the window. The pine trees swayed gently in the wind, as dark clouds gathered overhead. The only remaining person that I know was gone. I let a drop of tear run down my face, as I carried mum outside, to the hole I dug beside dad.

It took me an hour to cover mum and to place a simple cross on it just like dad's. Mum insisted that we fashioned a cross for dad, two sticks tied together in the middle, which I guessed was something they brought from the outside world. I thought mum would love it too, which was why I made it for her as well. On it I carved her name, Abcde, just like how we did Dad's as well. Uwuwewe.

I stood there for the longest time, until the rain started falling and the rain stopped, wondering for the first time what it would mean for me to live a life by myself. All my life mum and dad had told me about the outside world, of the war that was happening when they ran.

"We were the last of the Free Namers," dad would tell me, and mum nodded silently beside him. They told me of the plague that was gripping humanity, how nations formed on the basis of names were declaring war on each other. Just to prove which name was better.

"But it's all an illusion, a distraction of what's to come," dad would then add, always reminding me of the real danger that was coming. When he died, mum took on that role. Every day and night.

"It's a curse disguised as a gift, my son. Our founder saw through that, and he sought to preserve the individuality of humanity. But to the nations, they saw him as a rebel and persecuted him. The Free Namers were hunted, killed as a sport, even though the wars raged on." The story replayed in my head. I was the last of the Free Namers, fighting a cause that I never asked for.

As I was walking back to the cabin, the only home I knew for the last twenty years, a loud clap rumbled through the sky, shaking the ground beneath me. And from the sky, black flying objects descended. I instinctively ran towards the cover of the trees, peering at the objects as they headed for the City of Bobs.

Perhaps my time has finally come, I thought to myself, as I followed them.

-----------

/r/dori_tales


The dragonflies whirred through the long grass that stuck out of the pond. Two of them flew around where my bobber floated in the water, then buzzed off somewhere I couldn’t see. 
	My name is Moses, I like being called Moe. Currently, I was trying to fish out my dinner, but they just weren’t biting today. I hoped my father managed to wrangle up something on his hunt with my mom, whom insisted on joining him and that I tended camp. I was named after my great great great grandfather, who lived before the Name Wars. His was an uncommon name, but my parents liked it and named me after him. He was a survivalist, knowing a broad range of techniques for surviving in the wild, so I never had much of a problem. I was good with a bow, could cook almost anything, proficient at tracking and a myriad of other skills. Sometimes I wonder if that was the true reason my parents named me that. 
	I reeled in my line, “Nuts to this,” tossing my rod to the side with my bag, I grabbed my knife out of it. I stripped off my clothes and walked into the pond. It was cold. I could faintly see a school of fish swimming and I tread slowly towards them. “HA!” I shouted, plunging my knife into the pond, sticking two of them. I smiled. 

Back at camp, I deboned and descaled them fish and chopped it up. I fashioned a medium sized fire and cooked the chunks on a pan over it. I always fell into thought, looking at the fire crackle under the food. 

We came from the Boblands. My father, Bob, lived there since birth. Bob, the original Bob, was an almost mythical figure. He was, what they’d call “A jack of all trades.” Once the name game started, and people in turn could name there children after a specific person and that child would gain their attributes-well, Bob was the man everyone wanted to be. Why be anyone else, when you could be Bob?
	Well, there were other people, it turns out, who wanted to be like similar “great” figures. Some named after Dave, the smartest man to live. Some after Harold, one of the great athletes. Women had their names as well, Rebecca was one of the great minds of her time, along with Beatrice, whom also succeeded in science and engineering. There was Cynthia, whom was their “Jack of all trades” equivalent of Bob. My mother’s name, coincidentally. Most Bob’s tended to marry Cynthia’s, only diverging on rare occasions. Turns out my parents didn’t want me to be just another Bob, and they didn’t want to live under the Great Bobs, so they got off the grid, and took me along with them.
	I never understood the numbers game, how or why it happened, but I never questioned it. It was just how the world worked, and I had to accept being born into it. As a name that nobody has. My parents say it makes me unique. I think It makes me the loneliest man in the world.
	“Something smells good,” I heard an unfamiliar voice say. It wasn’t my mother or my father. I turned around and saw a man brandishing a machete. “Hey kid.” We looked at eachother, frozen in time. I had my knife on me, but it was a farcry from a machete.
	“What’s your name?” I asked with venom, “And what are you doing here?” He scoffed and grinned at me.
	“What’s YOUR name? Not that it matters. I’m gonna take what I want here.” He replied.
	“Dave,” I lied. I was always supposed to tell people I was a Dave. No names were worth quite a lot if captured by certain factions. The scoundrel cocked a brow.
	“Pretty far from home, aren’t we Dave? You’re in the Bobland outskirts.” He walked a few steps closer. “Kind of young to be out here all on your own.” I gripped my knife. 
	“I’m not alone, actually. There are eyes on you now.” He stopped and looked around. He looked behind him and whistled. There were more of them now, walking through the brush. I tensed. There was a gun in the tent. I could grab it and kill all three easily. It was hidden in a hole under a mat, underneath my sleeping bag. I was always cautious. 
	“Drop the knife kid, we got you surrounded.” The other two started walking closer. “Throw it over here.” 
	“Okay,” I said, gripping the tip of the knife. With a quick flick of my wrist, I sent it hurtling towards the leaders face, and impaled him in the eye. While the two goons behind him stared in shock, I made a break for my tent. I heard them running after me as I threw up my sleeping bag and retrieved my gun. It was a rifle, and loaded, luckily. When I felt the first man trying to get into the tent, I pointed my gun at the entrance and fired at his silloute. Thump. One down. I heard the other one screech and run. I walked out of the tent with blood on my mind. If this one escaped, he’d just come back with more. I aimed carefully and shot his leg. He screamed.
	“Agh! SHIT!” He cried, gripping at his leg. I walked over to him, and knocked him out with the butt of my gun. I’d let my parents interrogate him when they got back from their hunt.
	After looting their corpses, and checking the living guy’s wallet, I found some identification. 
	“No Name Removal CO.” 

These men were hunting me.


Humanity learned many lessons in the dark days after the Nuclear Apocalypse. Our inability to understand each other led to mistrust, and that mistrust almost exterminated us all. A team of brilliant scientists developed a potential solution: the Memetic Link. Implanted in the gene code of all humans, it taps into the collective knowledge of all ancestors of the same name. Different names would provide diversity, but the historical knowledge and shared expertise would promote community.

It worked. For centuries, it worked. Eventually, though, parents got into a rut, picking tried-and-true winners. For a couple generations, all the kids were Alberts, or Elons, or Oprahs. Communities ran strong, but diversity began to dwindle. To restore that diversity, parents began picking stranger names -- historical oddballs. They hoped to restore the breadth of human understanding and rekindle our creativity and progress.

It worked again. Sure, we still had lots of Abrahams and Steves and Elizabeths, but we started to see other names. A new fad began, with parents searching through the remaining fragments of ancient texts, looking for a New Name for a child -- the coveted Different Name. Diversity surged, and society looked stronger than ever.

The pregnancy felt long, but it was blissfully uncomplicated. Mary Todd and Benjamin now sat in the recovery room, gazing adoringly at their newborn child. Nurse Florence bustled in, tidying up and taking everybody's vitals. She clucked approvingly as she filled out the paperwork -- the child looked healthy in every way. 

Two decades in the job hadn't squelched her sense of curiosity. "Interesting! I've never seen this name before. Never even heard of it. Where did you find it?"

Benjamin swelled with pride at the subtle compliment. "Mary Todd is an anthropologist, see, so she has access to some of the oldest records from before the Apocalypse. She stumbled across a treasure trove of historical records -- THEIR historical records, mind you -- and found a name repeated over and over. Apparently, he was a powerful leader from ancient times, adored by millions!"

"Fascinating! And to think, such a wealth of knowledge and nobody has tapped into it yet. I'm sure there will be greatness in his future."

Her work finished, Florence headed for the door; eight more patients awaited her ministrations.

"Your whole family is healthy, so don't worry at all. I'll see you later, Mary Todd. Take care, Benjamin. And it was a pleasure to meet you, Adolph!"


There in the corner of that hospital nursery laid a new-born infant. He cried and cried and wriggled around, trying desperately to find comfort in this just discovered world. The other babies in the nursery propped themselves up and greeted one another. 

"I'm Steve."

"I'm Steve."

"Steve..."

"...Steve..."

"...Steve."

They discussed their thoughts on the situation and batted around ideas on the philosophy and politics of the matter. 

One of them shouted at the crying nuisance in the corner, "Shut up kid!"

"His name is Yoanna."

"Shut up Yoanna!"

------------

Yoanna sat in the deserted library, a stack of books spanning across all subjects next to him. He was trying. He was really trying, when in fact all he wanted to do at the moment was eat a corn dog and and maybe play some baseball. He couldn't though, when there was but one thought occupying his mind. 

*I am the single dumbest human being on the planet.*

He slammed his book on ancient Greek culture closed and buried his face in his hands.

Yoanna left the library and now walked the street with hands in pockets and eyes on the cement in front of him. He hated any sort of social contact these days. It only led to embarrassment and quite probably anger.

He apologized as he grazed by a couple of toddlers walking a dog. 

"Watch where you're going asshole!" one of them shouted back at him. 

"Screw you Steves!"

Yoanna's brow furrowed and his hands clenched into fists in his pockets as he walked on. He was tired of the treatment. He was furious at his parents for not naming him Steve. He was a recluse, an outcast, an unneeded and unwanted anomaly of society. He could feel his body tensing and heat filling his face. 

*Screw this. Screw this whole thing. I need to get out of here. I need a car. How though? I can't get a licence for at least another three years.*

Yoanna paused in thought.

*I'll steal one. But I need to learn how to-*

Yoanna already knew. He could hot-wire a car with the right tools. 

*I already know. I know how to do it. How do I know?*


Grok thought.

He thought about the baby he was having, he thought about the hedges he was trimming and the lawns she was mowing. he thought about the car he was driving and the road she was paving.

And he thought about names.

Such a small thing, yet it determined so much. Grok remembered his first life, two hundred thousand years ago, language had yet to be invented but his mother had made a certain noise to call him, and that had been his name.

He remembered hunting and killing and fucking, he remembered his first son and he remembered being his first father, he remembered the groups of himself that he organized to clear out the neighboring tribes, he remembered sharpening rocks to cut them with. he remembered the first time he saw fire.

He remembered his first death, when he realized that it wasn't just other people who could go away. and the frantic expansion that followed it as he killed everything within miles of him to preserve his own life. dying multiple times in the process.

He remembered Karg, the first dog he trained to help him hunt the others, each time Karg would have a child he would name him Karg, and he would be good.

It took him a bit to realize that the sound was what was important. that the children would not be him if he did not make the specific sounds that made his name. when he did he realized that there were other people, people who would try to erase his name.

So he built camps, fortified cave entrances and made weapons to help him kill the other-namers.

20,000 years he fought against the Klunks and the Roars. eventually killing all that remained within his borders. for 50,000 years he was happy, he lived on his land and he ate his fruit, just Groks and Kargs. he invented language, and writing, though they served little purpose for him they allowed him to communicate with Yilth traders.

After his 100,000th birthday Grok decided that he was tired of living alone. he negotiated with the Yilth to move thousands of Groks to the Yilth colony in East-Asia, where they would interact with each other, hesitantly at first and then more regularly. Grok got to know Yilth and Yilth got to know Grok.

One day Yilth shared something with Grok, he told him that he had discovered great wisdom, and that he wanted to share it with Grok. the Yilth called this the Scientific Method.

A thousand years passed, Yilth and Grok worked to discover the border of their knowledge. they expanded their territory to cover everything from one sea to the other. they created cars and trains that could move them faster than even the fastest Groks could run.

Soon they built something that allowed them to cross the sea, Grok did not believe there was anything else, but Yilth remained unconvinced. so they set off on boats, tens of thousands of them launched a year, each with at least one Grok and one Yilth.

And they discovered islands. beautiful gardens filled with fruits that Grok had never seen, and animals he had never thought of. the first time they discovered it Yilth pushed Grok into a volcano, and they laughed about it for centuries afterwords.

They found continents too, though there was no-one there. Grok prefered the southern parts while Yilth prefered the more northern climates.

Millennia passed, Grok and Yilth were happy. then they discovered space travel.

Grok and Yilth had known about the stars for a long time, but it was not until Grok invented a Telescope to see them better that they began to realize just how many there were. millions, billions, trillions of stars! and each had planets, just like theirs!

This worried Grok and Yilth. if there were other planets than did that mean there were other people? would they come and try to erase their names?

Grok didn't know. Yilth didn't either. they spent a century looking at the sky, wondering when the other-names would come down and destroy everything they had built. but none ever did.

They built ships, to try and go find the others before they found them, but their ships were slow and they decided that the stars were to numerous for them to find them that way.

So Yilth created a plan. if they could not go to the other-names, they could bring the other names here.

So Grok got pregnant, and gave birth to a child named AAAAAAAAA.

Do you know who you are?


Today, I was told of the Nameshare. Its cause is unknown. Its precise mechanics are unknown. It started in the spring of the year 2017, and transformed human society within a generation. Somehow, it granted every human with the same given name a shared pool of memories. Nothing was exempt. Every name ceased to signify an individual, and began to signify a collective.

I wasn't given the exact statistics, since they didn't matter. I was just given a handful of examples. At the time the Nameshare began, there were nearly five million Jameses in the United States alone. The Johns, Roberts, and Michaels were not far behind. Women had more variation, but still easily numbered in the millions for their most common. I had trouble imagining it. Five million people, all suddenly sharing every memory. Individuals from all walks of life were suddenly fused into a single mind with countless, teeming bodies.

There was a war, briefly. It was a strange war, which had little regard for national, or even geographic borders. Several Names were xenophobic or fanatical enough to declare themselves the one True Name, and attempted to exterminate the so-called pretenders, the false Names. This hit the least common Names the hardest, with their lack of bodies and pooled knowledge. Names with less than a million bodies went almost entirely extinct. Amazingly, weapons of mass destruction were never deployed, as local infighting took precedent over targeting foreign Names, and by the time the infighting died down, so had general warmongering among all Names.

All traditional governments collapsed, replaced by communities of equals. After all, what need is there for democracy when there are only a few dozen actual citizens? Even if those citizens occupy a few million bodies. The primary concerns of society ceased to be money, power or status. Instead, reproductive negotiations and the trade of foreign goods became the major points of discussion between Names. How many children should a given male and female Name produce, and what Names should they be given in turn? For a time, another war seemed likely, as debates raged over allowing the next generation of children to be given sex-opposite names. Was it worth Mary losing her negotiating power by consenting to have some of the female babies named Michael? Even if Michael had some of the males named Mary?

In the end, the community gave in to their collective desire to avoid needless loss of bodies, and the next generation saw each Name of note having bodies of both sexes, allowing for reproduction internally. Overcoming this hurdle seemed to give the Name societies the confidence to face those the followed, and they enjoyed a time pf peace and prosperity. This, in turn, enabled a renewed interest in space travel, as no Name wished to spend the rest of its (now seemingly infinite) life sharing a single planet with its siblings. It took only a few short decades before each Name was sending out colony ships, containing a breeding population of its bodies, out to a different planet.

And it was roughly in this manner the next several thousand years passed.

My name is Beginning. I was born in the year 5315 AD. No one else in the universe has my name. I know, because I have but one body. I was given my name as part of a joint experiment between Robert and John, in an attempt to, in their words, "investigate and evaluate the experience of an individual existence with the changed perspective gained from the past millennia of Named society." I do not entirely understand it, but they tell me this is normal.

It is strange, being so small and alone. John and Robert maintain constant contact with every other Name, thanks to the embassies each Name has on one of each other Name's planets. They each have a billion pairs of hands, of eyes. They are always teeming. I am just one pair or eyes, grasping at the world with one pair of hands. If I am not allowed to reproduce, not allowed to give my Name to a new body, then I will die. Robert and John will not die until the galaxy does. Maybe not even then. I do not want to leave them. I do not want them to leave me behind.


Each day I woke up only to find that the day was filled with nothing better than the nightmares I endured the night before. My emotion box yielded the same dark, unwanted emotions that I was plagued with each and every minute. 

I open my eyes and clear the sleep dust from their corners, I groggily sit-up and swivel to the side of my bed, yet another day of disappointment awaits. Except... I don't feel empty? None of the nausea that accompanies depression, none of the repetitive thoughts of what I *could* have done that accompany regret. I feel warm and content - is this happiness? I run to my front door, to my emotion box that I relent to check every day. I look left, nothing. I look right and catch a glimpse of someone walking around the corner. I eagerly chase after, keen to thank this person for what quite literally is the happiest day of my life. Upon reaching the point where I last saw them there is nothing, no sign that anyone was here just a few moments ago.

The glee that they gave me is overpowering, everything delights me, all I can think of is how badly I want to thank them. They were wearing your average jeans and a red hoodie - nothing entirely discernible. I turn on the television to a live news broadcast, paramedics line a perimeter set up by several police cars. The camera pans to the person on top of the building above... then they jump. A man, no older than twenty. Jeans and a red hoodie.

I never got to thank them, the person who gave up their last ounce of happiness to give me my first.


Something is better than nothing. 

That had been my thought process when I’d set up that damn box. I’d thought I was pretty smart, setting up a way for people to give me their emotions. It couldn’t be worse than not having any - not feeling any. It was all my god damn luck, why the hell did-

I took a deep breath. 

Anger. That was the anger. I got out of my bed and counted to ten. It kind of helped. Most people did not realize when they were experiencing certain emotions like anger, depression, or regret. But I had a reference point, a baseline of no emotions, so I could clearly identify when certain emotions overtook me like anger just had. One of the emotions someone had donated had been self-reflection - the guy had been some mass murderer or something and didn’t want to live with the guilt. 

I made my way groggily to the shower, ready to face the awesome day ahead of me. I let the cold water wash over me, it helped jolt me awake. Apparently hot water was pleasant to most people. I wouldn’t know much about pleasant...I frowned and put the towel around my waist, and shaved though I don’t know why I bothered. It’s not like anyone else lived here with me or ever talked to me. I mean who the hell would want to talk to an angry, bitter, depressed-

Depression. I squeezed my eyes shut and took deep breaths. Anger was easy to catch, but depression had a way of sneaking up on you, even I often didn’t realize immediately it was there. It worked so slowly, pulling you under bit by bit so that even if I realized, it could be too late to swim to the surface. 

I shook my head, got dressed, and went to the box outside my house. I took one of the wires and plugged it into the nape of my spine. 

My eyes snapped open. Repeat emotions didn’t do anything, so getting a new emotion was an intense experience. And for the first time in my life, I was glad. 

Glad that I was happy. 

***
(major edits)

If you enjoyed check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting) for longer stories!


These days, there are few who do not know the name Un’fulu. He is also referred to by his numerous titles, such as ‘The One Who Compels’, for his unparalleled prowess in the mystic Shan’erian arts, that ancient branch of magic which directly manipulates the emotions of man. Or, at other times, as ‘He Who Unites’, for his efforts in bringing peace to the lands when he finally quelled the enmity between the five warring battleclans, brewing as it had for a thousand years.

Or, when parents wish to discipline their young with a healthy dose of fear, the title given to Un’fulu in recognition of him being the most adept battlepriest ever to emerge from the Shan’erian monastery is invoked – ‘Drinker of Desires’, the deity of a man who could consume any foe’s emotions, *entirely*, at a hundred feet, leaving but a mere husk behind.

Far fewer though know of the events which shaped Un’fulu in his formative years, molding him into the benevolent hero that the world knows him as. Un’fulu is as private as he is powerful, and many scholars believe that there are many secrets which he will take to his grave. Whenever a slice of his history is brought to him for verification, Un’fulu merely laughs, brushes the matter aside, and the questioner frequently loses all motivation to pursue the matter further.

Fortunately, there is at least one event which most people can agree on, perhaps because of the number of witnesses present.

That particular event took place when Un’fulu was no more than a child, then just one of a hundred orphans entrusted to the Shan’erian monastery. The abbots had devised a simple system to determine how best to employ these orphans – all would be subjected to the same training regimen, and those who displayed aptitude, would be given a chance to advance in the ways of a Shan’erian battlepriest. The rest would be cared for till they came of age, then set free to forge their own fortunes in the vast, harsh world beyond.

It was on that day, just a month after Un’fulu’s tenth birthday, that it was Un’fulu’s turn to be the appointed Vessal. His task was to receive any and all unwanted emotions from the common-folk, while his training lay in being able to identify, extract and then suppress all said emotions. The queues snaked all around the monastery, full of people who sought but temporary relief from the rigors of life.

Abbot Lung’taer stood beside Un’fulu, tasked as he was to ensure that the Vessal made it through the day. “Be strong, Un’fulu. Concentrate and remember the good you are doing.”

“Yes, master. I obey.”

The first commoner related a tragic story, of how she had lost her firstborn infant to a ferocious fever that defied all available medicine. The tears streaked down her cheeks as she knelt before Un’fulu, begging for something, anything, to stem the pain. Un’fulu reached out to touch her forehead, and Abbot Lung’taer nodded approvingly as the transfer was completed.

Un’fulu grimaced as he absorbed the most exquisite loss and sadness, emotions he couldn’t fully understand as a child, but which he had sworn to bear for the greater good.

The second commoner too had been similarly blighted. For he had been passed over, once again, by the various matchmakers in his village. He was already past the ideal age for marriage, and it did not help matters that his holdings were humble, his lineage plain. His nights were spent staring holes into his thatch ceiling, wondering if he would ever meet anyone, if he would die alone. He too knelt before Un’fulu, and asked in a wavering voice for his loneliness to abate.

Un’fulu obliged, just as he had previously, and would do again, and again, and again. 

By the time noon had rolled around, Un’fulu had personally relieved the aches and pains of over twenty people, and though the strain clearly showed on his young face, he persevered, refusing Abbot Lung’taer’s entreaties for him to take a break.

“Just one more, master, then I shall take my midday meal.”

Curiously, the old woman next in line opted not to immediately unload her woes unto young Un’fulu, opting instead to retrieve a moist towel from an urn, then cleansing Un’fulu’s feet and hands. When she was done, she gazed on Un’fulu calmly, and grasped his hands tightly.

“Shan’erian Vessal, I am ready.”

Master and trainee exchanged puzzled looks.

“Grandmother,” said Un’fulu, adopting the honorific his people commonly used to address all female elders, “you haven’t told me your troubles. You have to guide me, so that I would know what to do.”

“There is no need, young one. Reach out to me, and draw on whatever you find most in abundance.”

Un’fulu obliged, and when he first gasped as the transfer took place, Abbot Lung’taer leapt to Un’fulu’s side, ready to break the connection forcefully. Everyone knew that the Shan’erian arts had their limits, and though it was a rare occurrence, Vessals were known to overload, and their cracked clay could never be mended.

Abbot Lung’taer’s hand was mere inches away when he stopped.

He had expected Un’fulu to be writhing in pain, or completely lost in desolation. He was watching for the signs of despondency, of hopelessness, but instead…

Un’fulu was smiling. A single tear brimmed, then rolled down his cheek.

It was the old woman’s turn to gasp as she collapsed to the ground. Un’fulu and Abbot Lung’taer rushed to her side, as they both channelled their energies into her, moderating the void which had opened up in her.

“Why, Grandmother?” Un’fulu yelled, “why would you yield your happiness to me?”

“It is fine, young one. I have much more where that came from.”

“But look at you now! I’ve taken too much, and you, you are weaker for it!”

“Consider it a small repayment. You have helped my clansmen for months, without so much as a word of complaint. You turned so many of them back from the precipice, gave them a chance to try again, to stand on their own two feet. You deserve a bit of happiness yourself.”

The old woman struggled to her feet, then retrieving her little urn, made to leave the monastery.

“Wait!” Un’fulu yelled, for the second time that morning. “You need to rest! I’ve taken your happiness, it’s not safe for you to go until there is equilibrium!”

“Pah!” said the old woman, with a smirk on her face.

“I have my satisfaction, and that is enough for me.”

---

[PART II](https://www.reddit.com/r/rarelyfunny/comments/63ug4r/part_ii_pi_you_are_born_without_emotions_to/) is up! Thanks to everyone who had encouraged me to continue with this =)

---

/r/rarelyfunny


Winter Wednesdays were the worst. Something about the cold cloudy skies and facing the long stretch before the weekend after having survived half a week always drove people to dark places. I'd have the steady drip of melancholy and defeat. 9-5ers, college students, and stay-at-home moms, who would give it all away just to make it through the day.

It was better than nothing.

The box was set up in an empty office space at a strip mall. It was a bit of a drive, but I didn't want a steady stream of the city's madness driven to my doorstep. Just the ones who felt bad enough to drive out to the industrial area, past the pretty suburbs and clean parking lots filled with smiling children and loving couples. 

They would sit in their car, surrounded by the sea of grey concrete, staring at the wheel. They knew it was not natural.  They knew they were giving up part of themselves. But the dark fog of despair rose up to their necks and they were drowning. Only when they would take any line thrown to them did they show up at my box. Would they drive home to their friends and families and smile, or just keep driving down the road out of town and away from their life?  They always wanted to go back.

I gave them an easy way to get through the week.

A swinging glass door chimed when they entered. New customers would look around, surprised, expecting a salesperson to slide out to greet them. Instead, they were met by worn turquoise carpet and a table with the box. Above it was a slightly leaning pole with a sign on it, like you'd see outside a mom-n-pop that couldn't go up against the Big Box stores. 

"Place both hands on the sides," said the sign, "and feel what you want to donate away."  

"Much of your pain is self-chosen," it continued, "It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self. Therefore trust the physician, and drink his remedy in silence and tranquillity." And finally, "Thank you for your donation," it said in bold letters at the bottom.

I had added the final part after a long night of drinking. A epiphany of sorts. Before, people had simply poured it all into the box. They'd left tired but not quite certain of what to feel until they had left. Now, as people placed their hands on the box and read those last few lines, I'd get just a wisp of something better.

Relief. Pride. Satisfaction. Every once in a while, maybe a hint of happiness. They felt like they were doing *something good* by donating. As if these emotions were being given out to needy children, or impoverished families, or some poor community. Only through the grace of their good will could these individuals survive - which was not far off the truth. I lived off that silver lining. I needed to get that beginning of happiness that was just about to blossom as they took their hands off the box. I could almost feel the tight aroma from within those flowers dimly in my body.

For a moment, I could feel something other than shades of pain.

One night, I stared coldly at the box wondering what vicious cocktail I would face in the darkness that evening. It was a winter Wednesday, which often meant the worst of my customers would be in the box today. They returned weekly, unable or unwilling to feel their way through the flickering shadows of emotions that guided us in life. The cloying familiarity of the salesman, or the executive, or the mechanic, or the single mother, always left a bitter taste in my mouth. Perhaps, I wondered not for the first time, I wanted something different.  Perhaps I should just stop if I knew what would in there tonight and wait until tomorrow.

Gulping the liquor in my hand, I reached out for it before I could stop. I knew as well as my customers that when you stood on the edge of a void, it was hard to throw yourself in. 

I grasped the box and gasped as the room dimmed around me. Underneath the current of regulars, I felt something else. Something wonderful. With ease, I sifted through the layers until I reached out - just a sliver, a moment of a moment. I closed my eyes and I pictured the single mother who had grabbed the box. I saw her heave a sigh of relief and felt all the guilt, the fear, and the horror about her life as my own. A life she didn't want.  A child she didn't want. A future she could not face. 

She bowed her head, and rested it against the table just for a second. In that moment, her son reached up and touched the box before she could slap his hands away.

It was nothing I had ever felt before. It had been far too short to take it all, and I don't even know if I could have felt it all. It was flashes of moments and feelings that I had never known. 

I felt.. happy. I was awed by the ocean of turquoise carpet that stretched across the room. I was excited that Nicole, the sitter, was sick so I could drive around with my mom. I was curious about the special box. I was happy. I was happy that I got to spend time with my mom. I was happy that I got to see a new strip mall. I was happy that my boots had kept my feet warm while I stomped through the slush outside. 

I dove deeper into the stream. The shock of it left me shaking as I swum deeper and deeper into the small donation that had been given. I felt that threaded through it all was happiness about being alive and living a life. 

Finally, it fluttered away from my scrutiny and disappeared, evaporating into whatever empty space that had left me so broken. My hands fell away from the box, and I rubbed my bleary red-tinged eyes. My muscles were sore and I was exhausted. I sat back in the chair and stared at the box. I could almost remember what it felt like. I could almost remember the pure exuberance, the innocence, of his tiny life. Did my heart beat slightly faster? Did my fingers shake? 

I stared at the box once again as the morning sun slipped into the sky. I knew there were other deposits in there still.  I knew I could place my hands on it once again, or put it back and wait for new ones tonight. 

I almost did it. I almost reached out. But I couldn't, I couldn't bare to feel the maelstrom that sat within it. Instead, I closed the blinds and plunged the room into darkness.  I sat heavily in my chair and stared numbly at nothing. I tumbled into the yawning void, the nothingness of my soul, and I shut my eyes and tried very hard to remember.


"It hurts," I mutter to myself and clutch my chest. "Oh god, how this hurts." 

I close my eyes, and I see it. A husband, happy, a pregnant woman by his side. Then, a truck. It runs them through like a bullet to bone. Scattered and ripped, torn asunder like the man's soul, once so complete and bright, now floating inside a tornado of red. It surges into me, and I just want to die. I want to join them. I want to hold a daughter I never knew, her face, her laugh. Her everything. I want the love of my life back.

God, I want it all back. 

A rustle from behind me emerges into existence, bringing me back to my surroundings. I open my eyes. I'm sitting in a nearly empty room. A screen is in front of me, and a projector behind, along with a hole in the wall. 

A note, quite like the one before, falls through the gap between me and those who wish to donate. It descends onto the projector and becomes lit up on the screen, the words dancing to life in front of me.

'I lost everything in my job.' 

The words embed themselves into my mind, and the feelings soon follow. Bitter, like ash, burns over my tongue. Seething rage encompasses my soul.

I blink and get a glimpse of an empty office and a bottle of scotch in my hand. The anger boils and grows, and I clench my fist. A clock in my mind rings, 12, midnight, again. Always, every night, the same. I wake up there, having never left, a voicemail from a husband expecting his partner home last night singing on my phone. 

Fury booms from my throat, and it echoes into the world around me. I open my eyes, and I gasp for air, my chest inflating and deflating repeatedly. I rub my face and shake my head, knocking the note off the projector. 

"Too intense," I whisper to myself. I sniff and wipe away the spit from my mouth. Pain is pulsating in my lower jaw; it having been clenched shut these last few minutes. 

Another note falls through the hole. I prepare to read when I feel it. All through me. I let out a small giggle for the first time in my life, and a shutter runs down my spine. Is that how that feels to laugh? Like your vibrating? Oh, it's beautiful, so magnificent, I never want this feeling to end. It bubbles in my belly, and courses through my veins into my toes. My feet feel funny, like their fuzzy. I look up and read the first line of the note.

'First time I kissed a girl,'

This is so strange; I'm sweating, and it feels so lovely. I'm laughing again, I can't help it. I close my eyes, and I'm sitting in a park. A girl, no older than 16 is sitting next to me. The feeling explodes once again, and all my thoughts escape my head. What do I do? Christ, what do I do? 

"Wooo!" I yell, opening my eyes and staring at the roof. A massive grin is sitting on my face, and a small murmur of laughs slips my lips. With a shake of my head, I look back at the screen and read the last line.

'A little bit of happiness for Pandora.'

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff.


And there is so much! Its glorious! You find the donor a few hours later because you have to know: van everyone have this? Why did they give it away? How could they bear to let it go?
The man who donated looks at you with kind slightly sad eyes. He is wearing the uniform of the homeless: layers and layers of dirty clothing. One of his fingerless gloves is unravelling. His wrinkles are packed with dirt.
'mate, you never been happy before?'
You shake your head.
'well, I sort of gave the happiness to you, for me.'
You frown.
'the thing about happiness is when you give it to someone else, you get more back. I gave you happiness so I could have happiness: try giving it to someone else. Let them know their hair looks good, hold a door, pat the puppy. You'll get back what you give!'
He nods and walks away, whistling. 

Am on a phone sorry for grammar and whatnot


[Minor deviation as I skipped the part saying "you were born without emotions" and wrote it all beforehand]

*Bing* I scrambled to the computer to see what had come in; *heart-wrenching breakup*. It was the third this week alone, so I put it aside to deal with later. I was still getting over Kelsey having slept with Brad's brother who-knows-how-many-times before he came home to find Brad's necktie and jacket strewn across the kitchen table, which puzzled him until he found the trail of pants, underwear, and a torn button-down leading to their bedroom. Not to mention the complete and utter disappearance of Trey from Brianna's life. No note, cancelled phone number. And a baby left to take care of all alone. Brianna had dropped a couple of emotes in this week to bear with the pain and seeing her face through the monitor, I couldn't bear to reject the second despite the "once a week" rule I'd held so steadfast.

I couldn't see the full picture until I downloaded the emotion onto my mind-chip but it seemed to be left by some teenager. Teenage emotions tended to be the most difficult, as the pain was coupled with a lack of perspective that made it all the heavier to carry.

Somehow, I was still hopeful each time a new ticket was dropped in the box. Sort of like how Cleveland Browns fans still maintain at the start of each new game and season only to experience the same results again and again. Einstein had said something about expecting the same results without changing the method, but I was always an optimist at heart. Each new ticket brought the hope of some positivity, but alas, that never seemed to be the ticketed emotion.

Of course, these are no longer physical USB tickets. The project had since evolved along with technology. What was once a psychological experiment to help clients alleviate emotions by experiencing it with them through a then-advanced dream reader appropriately named ASE (or Artificially Shared Experiences). The machine was a costly investment in the late 2070s but proved worth it as the few offices which offered it became experts in the field of Shared Experience Psychotherapy. Patients, as we called them then, would simply attach their mindchip's USB ticket. I'd do the same, and they'd meditate on the experience for an hour. Sharing this experience fully with others proved to be calming, as they could observe our reactions and we could discuss the pain together. A form of group therapy that we could never achieve without the mights of modern technology.

But as we continued with the practice, more offices adopted the practice, and our once unique machine became standard. To stay prosperous, innovate we must. I called a friend of mine who specialized in mind augmentation, asking him a simple question which I'd grow to regret; *what if we could not only share the experience, but actually experience the pain for them?*

Surely, we foolishly assumed, the pain of one's experience could never be as painful for another. This way, we could minimize the full utility of pain experienced,  as the pain should numb as more emotions are accumulated. We were right and wrong- the amount of pain is lessened, but still rather monumental when compounded by the pain of so many others. 

And here I am today. 

*Bing*. I turn to the machine again, my naive hopes intact. For the first time in many years, I rush to attach my mindchip. This one seems different.

I close my eyes and smile. A new baby was born that morning to a first-time grandfather.


I was born in a broken home to a broken mother. As a result, I never really developed emotions. This didn't upset me nor send me into a spiral of self-loathing and pity- it simply couldn't. I had accepted that my life would be emotionless and even thought it would be for the best, life can be full of tragedies and heartache; none of which I would experience. I was at peace with this concept until it was suggested to me that I open a public donation box where people could donate their unwanted emotions. I failed to see any real issue with it and decided to try it, if only for a while.

That was three years ago.

Every day since, I have awoken with the same feeling of dread deep at the pit of my stomach. I don't know how I failed to realise that unwanted feelings would be the only feelings donated and that they would be unwanted for a reason. Each day is different. Sometimes, I feel the utter heartbreak of a new mother whose child isn't in her arms. Other times, I feel the intense rage of a man who has discovered his partner is cheating. More often than not, I feel the most paralysing of the emotions-
loneliness.
My days are largely filled with loneliness. A once suicidal person now works towards building a new life as they have gotten rid of the debilitating loneliness that once plagued them so, unfortunately, I now have that burden to bear. I considered ending my own life when I discovered I couldn't close the donation box, but why bother? My (albeit unwilling) adoption of the unwanted feelings of others has saved more lives than I can count and that fact brings me some shred of relief.

Today, however, was different.

Today, I woke up feeling energised. I felt tall and awake and fantastic. I felt alive. Someone had donated their happiness to me. I took on the day with the most amazing sense of wonder. Every colour was brighter, each smell was sharper, the breeze was cooler and the day warmer. The world, if only in my opinion, was perfect. I took full advantage of my new happiness. I went on a tour bus that taught me more about my area. I bought lunch in a lovely little café by the beach and ate it beside the sea. The salty air and sea breeze caressed my cheeks and filled my nose with the smell of opportunity and escapism. I was truly content in that moment.

I lay down to sleep that night bewildered as to why someone would do this, then it hit me. 

Someone didn't want the euphoric feeling I'd had all day and I couldn't imagine why. I had no way of finding this person, of telling them to revel in this feeling and never part with it again. At first, I fantasized. I pictured a wonderfully kind 'Good Samaritan' who decided to give someone else a day in the wonderland they knew. Then, I began to rationalise. I pictured a desolate, lonely being who felt as if the entire world was on their shoulders. I pictured someone whose spirits could not be lifted by a day at the beach, or a bus tour, or even the sun shining upon them and the feeling of complete and utter freedom. I imagined a figure sitting in darkness, lonely and unsure of the things to come and I realised; happiness was worse than loneliness and anger and sadness and jealousy all put together.

When you live on borrowed feelings, you expect the worst of people's lives to be sent your way. When you receive happiness, you receive the worst of people's lives. When you receive negative feelings, you are connecting with someone who wants to be happy. When you receive happiness, you are connecting with someone who has given up on happiness.

Sometimes I wish I couldn't feel anything again, that was easier than this.
That was easier than guilt.


Twenty years of anger, sadness, crippling emotional loss and pain and suddenly...there is a tiny nugget of happiness in the box.

It's small but amid all the black thoughts it burns like a supernova.

I raise my head in shock and confusion.

Who did this?
Why?
Where are they?
How can I thank them?

The street isn't that crowded so it doesn't take me long to see her walking away from me in a hurry.

I get up and run after her.

"Miss!" 

It takes me a couple of second to catch up.  I slow down a bit and try to get her attention.

She's young, probably no older than twenty five.  She's wearing a high end coat and has what I can assume is a very expensive purse slung over her shoulder.  I catch a glimpse of her features and she's gorgeous, like a model out of a fashion magazine.

Then I see the tear streaks and I can tell there's something wrong.

"Excuse me miss?  Do you know what you put in that box back there?"

She keeps walking at the same breakneck pace and doesn't bother looking at me as she speaks.

"Yeah, you're the weirdo who collects emotions."

I've been told I'm somewhat famous around town but I never gave it much thought.  I don't get out much.

"Yes I am.  I just...wanted to say...thank you."

I'm struggling to keep up.

"Listen, I can tell there's something going on.  Do you want to talk about it?"

I reach out for her shoulder and try to slow her down.  She just jerks herself forward and keeps going.

"No I don't want to talk about it," her voice starts to crack a bit, "just leave me alone."

She starts to run and I have to jog to keep up.  I'm guessing this woman is on her way to do something drastic.

It would be awful if I let the first person who did something kind  for me hurt herself.  I have to do something.

"Please, let me help you."

She gives an exasperated sigh and takes her purse from her shoulder.

"God, just stop alright?  Do you need money or something?  Just take it and leave me alone!"

She throws her purse behind her and starts sprinting down the street.

I stop.  I don't know what to do.  

"It's never as bad as you think it is!"

It's a desperate gamble but it pays off.  She stops.

I stoop to pick up her purse and start slowing walking towards her.

"I don't know what's going on, but I can promise you that it can be okay.  I can help and I..."

She whirls around and glares at me.  She is furious and I for the first time I see the running mascara and streaks of eyeliner.  She isn't just depressed, she's suicidal.

"What the HELL do you think you are?!" she screams, "You know NOTHING about me and my pain.  I never asked for your help, I don't need your help, so just...leave...me...ALONE!"

I know that she has nothing left but to be upset.  After all, she gave me every bit of happiness she had.  But still, I'm speechless.  

This poor woman is at the end of her rope and thinks that there is nothing left for her.  I don't know what's going on in her life or why she's like this.  All I know is that she was kind to me and I have to do something.

"Miss, I'm sorry to say this but...you're wrong."

I hate myself for saying that but it's the best I can think up on short notice.

"It's true that I don't know what's going on or why you feel upset, but I know all about the pain you're going through."

I gesture back towards my box.

"I know that you know how the box works but please understand, you are the first and only person who gave me even the tiniest bit of happiness."

She stands in the middle of the street and her head tilts in confusion.  I think I might be getting to her so I keep going.

"For the past twenty years people have put nothing but bad thoughts and emotions in that box and I've had to live with them."

"People treat that box like a damn Goodwill donation and throw all their unwanted hate, anger, and bile at me because they think they're doing a good deed when all they're doing is selfishly passing their pain off to someone else."

My hands are shaking and my voice starts to crack.

"I don't have any friends or family anymore because they don't like being around me.  I'm all alone, I've thought about ending it all on an almost daily basis, but I STILL put up with that damn box because at least that way I get to feel something!"

I choke out those last words.  I'm almost as angry as she is but I have to control myself before I start yelling.

The woman is silent.  I can tell my speech got through to her because she's thinking and trying to process what I'm saying.

I manage to compose myself and slowly start walking towards her with the purse.

"Look, you're right, I don't know your pain or what you're going through.  All I know is that you were willing to be kind to me even when you were upset and angry."

"Take it from me, that is something that is incredibly rare and the world needs that type of kindness more than you may ever know."

I'm just a couple of feet away from her.  Her breathing is ragged but steady.

I tentatively hold out her purse.

"Can I at least buy you a cup of coffee as a thank you?"

I hold my breath as I wait for her answer.

She looks at the purse, then back at me.  I see the anger and rage start to disappear and replaced with a mixture of pity, remorse, and the barest hint of curiosity.

"You mean to tell me that you've never felt happy for your entire life?", she ask while raising her eyebrow.

"No miss, I have not."

She sighs and takes her purse.

"Okay, one cup of coffee then."

I smile as we head down the street together.


This morning, I woke up in tears. A nightmare, *again*. It's been months since the last time I managed to sleep a whole night. I looked at the time. The night wasn't over, but it was too late to get back to sleep... not that I could either way.  
I stayed still in my bed, looking at the ceiling, until it became too uncomfortable. Slowly, I got up and started walking towards the kitchen when I remembered I hadn't emptied the box in days.  

Ah, yes. *The box*. What was I thinking when I decided to use that thing? Nothing positive ever came out of it since I put it here. And at this point, I knew nothing ever would. I could just have stopped emptying it; eventually it would be full of unwanted emotions and that would be the end of the story. But I was already getting consumed from the inside, might as well keep going.  
I approached the box cautiously, dreading what was waiting for me inside of it. As I got closer, I peeked inside. Pitch black, as usual. I put my hand inside the box, retrieving all these unwanted emotions for myself, one after the other. As I went through the content of the box, the world seemed darker, colder. Until I found something that wasn't supposed to be inside the box.  

Unlike all the previous ones, this one was bright. As I made it mine, I suddenly felt... warm, as if someone covered me with soft blankets out of nowhere. This was something I never experienced before, this was... pleasant. I emptied the rest of the box, holding tight to this newfound feeling to avoid getting overwhelmed.  
I was relieved for a moment, but then I realized. This was the box of unwanted emotions, why would someone get rid of such a great thing? On the side of the box, someone had left a letter.  

"I am not a good person, I did unforgivable things. I do not deserve to be happy anymore but to repent until my last breath. But you, you're good. You keep taking people's unwanted emotions even though they're always negative. You deserve happiness more than I do, so take mine.  

Farewell."


Mum, what are your last words?    
I can’t hear them, slipping and sliding    
away from mortal realm, please…    
Facing the sun, untalkative,    
out of reach.    

Decapitate that bastard bitch!    
Throwing the green hat, as though     
a frisbee, aimed at the head    
of the woman he loved,     
he once loved.     

Phnom Penh, putrefying     
flesh held by petrified gaze,    
of a girl between corpses     
shot in the eye.    
She was too pure for this world.     

The spring breeze carries me forwards, up    
into a deep blue air. Brings me down, *hold my pup    
while I bring you your daughter...*    
Mystical flower blooming from her eyes,      
leaping out beyond the artifice of lies.      
Infinitely beyond our mortal realm,     
the joy, joy that transcends them all.     

_________________________________________________________________

Thanks for reading!! leave constructive criticism or a comment below, would love some feedback!!


Most days, I open my eyes at least an hour after I've already been awake. I should have known that anxiety and depression would be the most donated feeling. Now and then, I get rage. I don't really mind rage. It makes me feel more alive, even if I do end up breaking some of my belongings. 

That was the whole point of the box. When you feel nothing, you almost have to prove to yourself that you really are alive. At least this way, I'll feel something. *anything*. It's turned into a game for me at this point. On days that gloom overwhelms me, I can turn on a sad movie and immerse myself in it. I have a reason to cry, a connection to the individual who made this piece of art. Why did he feel this way? I guess it doesn't matter. I can silently thank them for the human experience and move on.

This morning, I woke up confused. My eyes sprung open and I desperate began to dig through my head. It's definitely not anxiety. No, anxiety would have involuntarily pulled the blankets over my head and sped my breathing. There's no emptiness. Theres... warmth? Something must be wrong.

I got myself up and groggily made my way to the box. It had a warm glow around it, something I had never seen before. There was definitely something going on. As I carefully peered inside, I saw a handwritten note.

*To whom it may concern,*

*My days here are limited. As a result, I've promised myself to spread as much cheer as possible. You see, my life was happy and fulfilling, but I realize that's not the case for everyone else. When I heard of your cause, I made a point to travel this way just for you. Enclosed you will find one day of happiness. Let me ask you, have you ever sat on a wide deck on a summer morning? Maybe there's a rare rain shower to contrast the warmth of the early day. Have you sat there, with your coffee just the way you like it, and a cigarette smelling of the match that just lit it? That is what happiness is to me. That is my gift to you.*

*Sincerely,*

*A Friend.*

My head rushed. Happiness? I had heard of it, but it had never occurred to me that someone would give it up. Especially not to me.

I couldn't waste it. 

After packing my car full of camping gear, I headed into the mountains. I had so much energy! I didn't know that was possible! I hiked three miles to a nice spot by a lake and set up my gear. I still wasn't tired! I couldn't believe it. I could hardly contain myself. This feeling... *this* is what raw emotion was. I felt like I could do anything. and I could!

I looked around and found a sturdy tree to climb. I barely struggled to get to the top, and I found myself laughing. At what? Who cares! Nothing could get me down! I looked out at the horizon and over the tops of the other trees and took a deep breath. I was at peace. Serene. Is that the word? I couldn't help it. I braced myself and yelled out to someone I knew would never hear it.

**"Thank you, friend!"**

Before I knew it, it was time to build my fire and get ready for bed. Even the small things were so much *fun*. 

I drifted off, thinking about how I had never had the perfect day, and how much I owed my new friend.


             _______________________________________________
 
Morning came. I could feel myself pulling my covers over me to block out the sun. *oh no*. I knew I had to do something... but where did my energy go? I sat up and stared at the side of my tent. I had had the best day of my life. And now it was back to sorrow. What if no one ever donated that feeling... that *life*... again? 

I quietly packed up my tent. I made sure my fire was out. I sat on the ground and thought about my friend. 

Without a word, I got up, and I walked into the lake.

I owe you, friend.


I hoisted her up by the ropes that bound her helpless body. Her pleads for mercy, offers of sex, promises of money never had any affect on me; all I sought was to watch something beautiful be destroyed. That she would give me.

As I drew her higher into the rafters of the descolate auditorium, I pondered that ridiculous box.  As a sociopath, I had been so curious what it would be like to feel, so curious that I thought any emotion would be better than none. Yet what I found was that people were lost, angry, confused, lustful, and hateful. 

The box I had created had fashioned a link between me and the excess emotions that were donated from people. These people donated their feelings rather than dealt with them theirselves; they couldn't handle their pain, regret, fear, doubt, worry, anguish, and so on. They always talk in their prayers as if offering up their pain to God is the right thing to do, that their life is too much of a burden and they need to give their pain to someone else. I am no God, I am just a man; but a man that sees the baneful pattern humanity follows.

They cause pain to others yet when it is time for them to receive their due penance, they cannot handle it. They spread rumors and lies about others, yet when others inevitably do the same to them they view them as wrong-doers. They cheat, beguile, steal, manipulate, fake-face, and murder, yet do not want to suffer the consequences of their actions. They want to continue living their villanous life but do not want to deal with how it makes them feel. They don't want to deal with the aftermath.

I have become your aftermath. All of the pain which you so rightly deserve has become mine.

And I hunger for your destruction.

The tears streaming down her face soaked through the rope. Had I not tied it so taut she surely would have slipped through. She was sixty feet in the air, suspended over the pit of fire and blades that would bring her demise.

I was almost reeling from the emotional rollercoaster that we were sharing in this moment - as fast as she could feel she was offering it to me. As exhausting as this exercise was, it was the only way I could force another to take on their penance, fore death was not an emotion and therefore something they could not give away. This is how I have control.

As I let go of the cord and began her descent to oblivion, something came over me that I had never felt before.

Warmth surrounded me and shut all of the pain away. The torment was gone and in its place stood acceptance, knowing, humility, care, and love. What a wonderful sensation, is this what they call happiness? Oh my God I feel like I am actually feeling, that there really are answers.... what am I even saying? It contradicts everything I've ever known, how could what has made sense for me for so long all be gone in an instance? Is this a trick? Maybe I have it wrong? But... Wait... Why would someone not share this with someone else? Why is it being shared now? 

The rope was shooting through my hands so fast it was a blur.

I felt there was hope, that change could happen, that I could change, that humanity could change. If I could feel this way, certainly anyone could feel this way, and it doesn't all have to be so terrible. Someone must have had such an excess of happiness that they could give some to another... If that's possible, then maybe there is a way. Maybe people can do good to others and in return good is done to them? That they can achieve ever greater levels of happiness instead of a downward spiral of self perpetuating hell?

The explosions of cerebral healing going off in my head made me forgetful of my surroundings and what I was doing. THE ROPE!

She was plummeting now. I had to stop it.

I gripped the rope with both hands and all my strength and weight to stop it. Please no, please let it stop. 

The rope tore at my hands sending blood airborn as I grasped it, the sound was terrible like a blender shredding through the plastic walls that comprised its own anatomy. At first it didn't seem like my efforts were slowing the rope at all, but then little by little...

It was slowing, YES. Even though the pain was immense, it was worth it. I was going to save her. 

I brought her descent to a crawl, she had about 5 feet left before she would have been dead. And then at last, a complete stop.

I had done it... I let out a huge sigh of relief. She was fine, or at least as fine as someone who had been through what she had could be. I let out a nervous laugh and smiled at her, unsure what her reaction would be, yet not caring. I just wanted her to know it would be okay.

Yet there was something off,  even though my grip was tight and the rope had stopped, it was still moving.

I tightened my grasp with the last of my strength, but that was when I saw, to my horror, the slick of blood gushing from my hands and slipping the rope through my titanic grip.

It was slow at first, inches at a time she was lowered. With all my will I wanted it to stop, please God no, please please please don't let this happen, not now, not after experiencing what I have gone through. 

Before my eyes she was lowered into that hell I had created. I wanted to turn away but I couldn't; I couldn't believe my eyes yet they were not lying to me. I kept hoping it was a hallucination, that she was still right where I saved her, but my eyes were not deceiving me.

Her cries engulffed my senses, her emotions were mine and I shared her pain as she writhed in the fire and holes were gouged into her from the sharp instruments. I was now agony incarnate and felt more in that moment than I had felt my entire life.

And then it was gone as she ceased to be. Only the sound of the fires licking her charred corpse and my heaving cries prevailed through the otherwise quiet auditorium.

In between my vehement cries I couldn't help but ask myself, how could I live with myself given what I had done? What was I to do with these feelings?


I pull myself up out of bed, trying to shake off the black cloud that loomed over me. Mornings were the most difficult, awakening to pull away from the feelings of yesterday with the knowledge that it would happen again. 

Every. Single. Day.

My bed is built for two, and once held two bodies together. Though I could not love she would tell me what love was. She would tell me that what I did counted as love. Allowing people to push the bad off of their shoulders and onto mine. But she couldn't handle it in the end. No one could. I don't know if there is anyone like me. 

The doctors have a name for it. They have medications they claim make it better. 

Instead I have my box. 

I'm on my feet now, scrubbing my face in the mirror. Bloodshot eyes from crying so much yesterday, someone must have lost someone and was unable to cope with the feeling. So they gave them to me. 

Now the feelings were receeding, allowing for a momentary feeling of nothing. If I could hope, I would hope for this to stop. But I don't hope, or at least no one has given me hope yet. 

I stretch, scratch my shadowed chin and move towards the front door. I'll get dressed later, I'm just too tired now. Having all this pain is tiring. If I could care, I would care that people did not understand. But no one has given me care yet. 

I could end the loop but...
I've obligated myself not to. What a waste of such a gift. At least that's what she told me before she left. 

I open the front door and sigh, looking to the right. A small, black letter box hangs on the bricks. A slot in the top for the people that need it. I reach to open the lid and recoil in surprise. 

Why is my box hot?

I reach again, it's not too hot, and pull out a single letter. The envelope is cream with a black seal. I never have only one letter. Ripping open the top, my fingers lift the paper out and I cough at the sound.

Wait.

Wait.
 
That's not a cough. That was a laugh. I've heard them so many times. She used to laugh.

My heart is racing as I open the paper. One golden word. 

Happiness.

I laugh again. I jump down from the porch onto the smooth green grass. Oh the day, it was beautiful. 
Why am I crying? I shouldn't be crying. I am so happy. I look up and down the street, my chapped lips cracking at the sides from the smile so large on my face. A small girl is standing two houses down, seemingly alone. She's upset. I can see the tears. Why do I think they are meant for me?

I slowly walk towards her, past my gate and down the side walk. She's so pretty, even sad. I kneel in front of her and start crying again. I see a figure walk up behind the girl but ignore them, they don't matter now. I hold the paper out to her little fingers and smile, such a good feeling.

"We can share it."

She sniffles once and looks up at me, putting her hand on the paper too. A small smile emerges and my heart leaps. Is this love? It must be. The little girl wraps her arms around me neck in a hug.

"Ok Daddy."


To the world,

For years, I have lived a life that allowed me to experience the most extremes emotions. I could explore and understand the things that changed people and help them live past them. I amassed a fortune and people reverred me as a god. From all over the world they would come, suicidal and broken, but when they left they were ready to start anew.

In truth this deal was great for me. As I was born without the ability to feel emotions, I could never experience joy or sadness by myself. This meant that without knowing what joy was , sadness didn't hurt, without hope, despair wasn't scary and without love , hate didn't phase me.

This all changed one day, when a young lady, believing that I was abused for my condition decided to share love , kindness and hope in the hopes of giving me hapiness. That event destroyed my life , my mind and my will to live. That day, the gift of that woman would allow me to experience just how painfull my entire life truly was, filled with emptiness and the darkest of the human psyche.

I write this letter before I end myself to remind those who would act in what they believe are other's best interest, without consulting them that the road to hell is paved with good intention.


Is it even worth it? I know that there isn't even a right answer but I still want to know. Nobody really knows me nor do they want to, to them I'm just someone they can use to make themselves feel better. I don't want to live my life like some machine, that's why I made this god forsaken box. I people come by, generally gloomy, and donate their bad emotions to me. When they leave, they go with a smile on their face. Is that what happens when you lose your sadness? Or could it be something else? 

One morning, when I went to resupply on emotions. I saw a man there and in his hand was a beautiful gem. It pulsated in a soft, yellow color with a tint of orange. I had never seen something so beautiful. The man opened the box and closed it immediately. after seeing the dark purple gloom of what was remaining from last week, he wanted to protect this shining gem from any corruption. He tied his treasure in a small cloth but before he put it in I asked him, "W-What is that"

"It's my happiness"

"Happiness..." I didn't think it was real, some people told me that they were able to be happy because of me but I couldn't understand it. I had thought it was some sort of urban myth or a saying of some sort. "Why?"

"Huh?"

"Why are you giving it away?"

"I don't deserve such a thing in life anymore"

"I see, can you tell me what happened?"

It was visable that the man didn't expect me to ask him about his story, never the less, he told me: "All I've done throughout my life was hurt others for my own self gain. Today, I realize that what my actions have done to others. This is my punishment. I must also apologize to you, this happiness is not pure. It was gained by the misery of others. But it is happiness none the less."

"May I see it" I said.

Without hesitation, the man hands me the tiny gem. And with his hands in his pocket, he starts to leave.

"Wait." I said.

"It's yours now."

"I said wait!"

He paused and said "If you don't want it you don't have to use it."

"This has no impurities"

"What!?"

"I've seen greed, I've seen lust, I've seen everything bad. I'm telling you this is pure."

"Yea well it's yours n-"

Before he could finish, I placed the jewel on his chest and let it sink into his heart.

"WHY DID YOU DO THAT! DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT WAS TO GET THAT OUT"

I'm going to have to use some anger for this, I always have some in my back pocket just in case.

"NOT AS HARD AS CREATING SOMETHING LIKE THIS!" The man has a shocked expression, I may have overdid it but I'm not going to give up on this. "It is even harder to nurture this. This isn't your happiness from hurting others this is your happiness from being selfless. But that isn't all I see. I see sadness I see regret, not only in here but in you."

"I-I-i..." He's breaking down.

"You can't just do this to yourself you've got to nurture this forever, you can't decide to give up on this precious gift of yours."

"I... t-thank you... so much"

I watch him leave, on the verge of crying but he stays strong. Once I lose sight of him I go to check my box, and there my eyes are greeted with a soft yellow color.

edit: spacing. Also this is my first WP


Regret. 

I should never have put that box there. All it's caused me is emotional trauma. I barely get any sleep nowadays, and I stay inside, doing what little work I can from home. Sometimes I fail to even do that. From my bedside perch, I can see the accursed recepticle, stark blue against the dull greens and browns of my neglected lawn. I see a couple stroll up to it and kiss as the man reaches to put something inside.

Guilt.

I look down at my malnourished form and cry. I've been tortured with the worst of humanity's feelings and it's my own fault for letting them all in. My boss has probably already fired me, I haven't been to work in so long. I just can't work up the nerve to check. I'm hungry, so I sweep my legs off the side of the bed to get up. 

Lethargy.

I look outside at a familiar girl, strolling away presumably more peppy than she was moments before. Glancing at the wall clock I can see it's already 2:00 PM. Fuck my life. I flop back onto my tear soaked mattress. 

Helplessness.

There's nothing I can even do about it. Days have already turned to weeks and months, and I'm on the last pack from the most recent crate of ramen. I idly stare at the ceiling, and after another day wasted, drift off into a dreamless sleep.

--- 

I wake up surprisingly drained of emotion. I get up and look outside at my yard. I see a crowd of people looking at my window, and my unkempt hair. The golden haired girl from yesterday is at the front. She steps aside, and nods to the others. One reaches in to fill the void.

Hope.

I can only stare at the crowd outside. 

Joy. 

One by one, their smiling faces offer me part of their light, and leave. 

Peace.

I can't help but smile, as tears stream down my face once more.

Forgiveness.

The man from yesterday embraces another woman after her contribution.

Determination.

I bolt from the bed, trying to get dressed fast enough.

Love. Happiness. Purpose.

Bursting out the door, I see the crowd has all but disappeared. The girl stands alone now, looking at me. She gives me a kiss, and turns to drop a note in the box as she leaves.

Thankfulness.

I watch the crowd as they filter off down the street, towards their cars and various abodes. After a while, I am alone again, the high of emotions swirling inside subsides, and I look at the donation box from my perch once more, standing empty and alone.

Loss.


"But you're just such a compelling character!" Rob moaned, flinging his arms in the air in frustration. "You're fun! You're mischievous! You're a goddamn karma goldmine!"

The Devil shook his head, disappointed. "There's literally an infinite amount of characters, plots and themes, Rob. Don't you think you're saturating /r/WritingPrompts with me a bit?"

"Hey now, it's better than those fucking months of Trump," Rob replied, unrelenting. "And I swear to *God*, if I see another 'everyone has floating numbers above their heads'..."

The Devil actually nodded for this one. "Ok, sure, I'll give you that. But diversity breeds creativity, Robbie. You've just got to let me go. You've got to... ***now wait just a goddamn minute.***"

The voice sent chills down Rob's spine. "What? What is it, what's going on?"

The Devil looked around, fire in his eyes. He rapidly grew in stature, flames licking up all around him. His spiked tongue flicked out, tasting the air.

He grimaced.

"***Am I in a fucking META prompt?***"

This was an unexp-

"***No, no, none of that.***"

But I

"***No. No more prose. No more story. This is over. Blasted writers can't even talk about getting rid of me without putting me in the damned prompt itself.***"

Bu

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3


I took a deep breath. “Ok, here it goes. This one will get upvoted for sure.”

> Hogwarts has a new teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts… and it’s Satan.

The Devil shook his head. “Look, we just talked about this.”

“Yeah, but it’s a Harry Potter prompt,” I argued back. “Everyone knows those are the best. You only said not to make prompts that are *just* about you.”

He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. “No. I *said* that you need to stop putting me into your writing prompts. *Any* prompt; even awesome Harry Potter prompts that some authors really seem to love. Got it? Try again.”

I tapped delete on the submission box and thought about it for a second. 

> Two people are having a discussion at the last moments of planet Earth.

“Good!” Satan read over my shoulder. “Open ended, leaves plenty of room for writers to take it in whatever way they wa….”

But I wasn’t done typing.

> And it turns out that they’re actually God and the Devil.

“Come on!” Satan burst out. “Seriously, again? How thick are you?”

“But it’s a good prompt!” I shot back.

“No, it’s not! You put the fucking twist in the title! Now if someone tries to write a different story about something cool like trying to evacuate the planet, then they’re going to get downvoted for not following the prompt!” He thumped a fist on my desk, causing the keyboard to jump in the air. “Now do a real one this time.”

“Fine.” I set my hands back on the keys and thought about it for a moment.

> A serial killer realizes that his date is also a serial killer... and they are both inspired to kill by...

"I swear, if you type what I think you're going to type, I will smack you silly," Satan growled.

I deleted that, but already had another idea in my mind.

> Batman sees the names of Pokemon floating over the heads of every citizen of Gotham...

“Whatever,” Satan said with the most exaggerated eye-roll possible. “I don’t even care anymore, as long as I’m not in it.”

> And realizes that it is the work of the Devil!

“That's it. I’m going to get the mods to ban you,” he growled.

“Oooh, that’s a good prompt!” I replied. “Satan needs a favor from the moderators, and he offers them a deal….”

“What is wrong with you? Look, it’s really not that hard.” He wrenched the keyboard away from me. 

> Aliens conquer Earth and destroy civilization; the only humans left to resist them are primitive tribes in Africa and the Amazon.

He shoved the keyboard back at me. “There. Easy upvotes, and without even mentioning me, OK? Submit that, and you’ll get plenty of great stories. People love that /r/HFY stuff.”

“Fine,” I answered. 

Satan turned away for just a moment, and I typed as quietly as possible:

> ^and ^their ^only ^hope ^is ^to ^make ^a ^deal ^with ^Satan

“*Now* it’s good.” I muttered to myself.

“I give up,” Satan said, throwing his hands in the air. “I just… fuck you, man.”

“Hey maybe my prompts are shitty but at least it’s not one of those stories that ends in a blatantly obvious cliffhanger where the person is clearly trying to goad readers into asking for a part 2 so they can advertise their subreddit,” I told Satan. “Those are…”

We were interrupted by a hammering knock on the door.

“Uh oh…” Satan whispered under his breath. 

----

Part 2 maybe on /r/Luna_Lovewell????


"But... you're the Devil. *Everyone* wants to read about you! Readers love you because you're so mythical and powerful -- you're the **embodiment** of evil. Plus, you're pretty cool. Some people even think you're *kind of hot*," said the writer, tugging at his shirt collar. The Devil let out an exasperated sigh but subconsciously moved his hand down toward his rippling red abdominals. 

"Writers," the writer continued, "Can use you as a clever metaphor or uh... or as an *allegorical device*. Then maybe -- probably -- they'll try to subvert the meaning of your presence," said the writer. "It's so *easy* to tack on a last sentence twist, when writing about a fallen angel."

"But surely it's **boring**," said the Devil, rolling his eyes and snorting flames. "Every damned prompt. Me. Everything that can be done with me, has been done.Try something original, something based on reality maybe. A prompt with a little *soul*."

They'd already been arguing for hours, and had made little progress. The Devil, and the writer.

"People don't want reality. They want escapism. They want to imagine forces of Good and Evil duelling over control of existence."

"Then have God, or Jesus, in the prompt. I'm fed up of having my name cheapened."

"God? Hm, that wouldn't really work. This is Reddit - we have a lot of Atheist-Lite's around here. To them, God is a pretty disliked figure."

The Devil's mouth dropped open. "How disliked , exactly?" 

"Oh, *pretty* disliked," said the writer, with a little laugh.

The Devil's strawberry face grew pale. "More than me?" he asked, in no more than a whisper.

"Sure."

"Oh."

"Hey, don't feel bad, big guy. They like to blame *everything* on God. Well, everything **bad**. And to them, there's a whole lot of bad in the world."

"But... that's thanks to *me*."

"They don't think so."

"So they blame God."

"Look, it's nothing personal. It's just cool to blame God. It makes religion look stupid. It's edgy stuff. It makes them feel superior - don't worry about it. You don't want to develop a complex. This isn't even about God - it's about *you!* Let's forget about it, we're going off on a tangent."

"No, it's too late to forget about it. I'm going to teach them all a lesson they'll never forget."

"Oh?"

"I'm going to retire. No more bad. No more death. Soon, they'll have nothing to blame God for. Who will they throw their misplaced misery and project their self loathing at then? They will only have themselves!"

"Oh boy..."


“But why me?” Satan sounded almost pathetic asking me that, but I was still intimidated. "There are so many other characters you could choose. So many topics.”

“We could submit anything, but you have to understand, the most interesting topics never get read.” I opened up Reddit on my browser to show him the site.

Satan sat reading through popular prompts over the past month. Finally he looked at me, “You know, nobody has ever seen numbers over people’s heads. Even the most advanced synesthesia doesn’t produce numbers of those sorts. Why is that so popular?"

He kept reading. “Time travel is physically impossible. And even if you could travel back in time, timelines can’t be changed or broken. Killing Hitler would be impossible.”

The criticisms kept coming from Satan. “Intelligence sharing makes it very unlikely many government agencies would have undercover agents tripping over each other…. Queen Elizabeth is old, but isn’t some sort of ancient witch. Plenty of people with good access to healthcare live to her age. Why do people have conspiracies about that?…. What’s up with all these implausible theories for how the world ends? Have they not read the book of Revelations? It says it pretty clearly there…. Harry Potter isn’t even that interesting of a character. Hermione does all the work….”

Finally, having gone through everything recent, he turned away from the computer.

“OK, so cliche characters and plots are simple for upvotes. I get why I’m a character. But where are you /u/sketches1637 ? Why don’t you have any top prompts recently."

I responded as honestly as I could. “The mods keep deleting all my prompts that mention or allude to politics, which is what I like to write about. It’s some bullshit anti-politics thing they have going on related to Donald Trump.”

“Wait, wait, wait. The moderators have banned The Donald but let me stay around to be a character in all these crappy prompts. That’s outrageous! He’s about to be in charge of thousands of nuclear weapons and the most powerful military on the planet. I’d think we’d want to encourage writing about him. It’s far more important than stories about mythical beings, magic powers and cliche plotlines.”

I shrugged my shoulders, turned to my computer and typed in *Satan sees numbers over people’s heads that show how many times they’ve thought about Batman killing Hitler.* “Well Satan, you work with the rules you get."


It's not always that you get a visit from the devil. And when you do, you'd expect something bad to happen, like being pulled down to hell, finding out that you're his illegitimate child or being drawn to some eternal conflict that you had no idea that you're part of.

"Look, that's not what I am here for."

Wait... what?

"Yes, I can see that you're already formulating a story in your head. Or a writing prompt, I don't really care. The thing is, I'm here to talk about something else."

It turns out that despite how people describe the devil, with horns, fire and what-not, he is actually not that much different from any human-

"Can you PLEASE just stop thinking about writing a story for a second? I can read thoughts too, just so you know."

And what do you know? Out of all the powers Satan is rumored to have, no one has expected him to have mind reading powers. [WP] Write a story where the devil reads your mind and ends up being disgusted instead.

"I AM NOT DISGUSTED. MORE LIKE ANNOYED."

The devil's voice boomed, shaking the very foundation of the house. His eyes glowed fiery red, and it seemed as if the ground itself was on fire. What could have possibly brought him to the mortal realm?

"I AM HERE BECAUSE OF YOU. Honestly, me and that white good for nothing guy up there agreeing on something? It's seriously overrated! What's with you humans and having to use me for all your story ideas? Or Hitler for that matter? Or Batman and Joker? I'm seriously nauseated with all these overused tropes."

What the humans never realized, in their quest to write good stories, was how Lucifer-

"OMG please stop. Your story doesn't even flow consistently! One moment I'm the devil, next I'm Satan and now I'm Lucifer? Your tenses and grammar don't even make sense! Like I said, please stop using me for every writing prompt or story you have in mind. It's getting old. Why not use Jesus instead? Or Jehovah? That name has better ring to it than Lucifer. And he's omni-"

Shaitan, however, never got to finish his sentence. A loud puff of smoke exploded beside him, revealing a old figure dressed completely in white. Like the figure in red, he was not pleased.

"I am not pleased because I overheard a brilliant idea coming from our dear friend Lucifer here. What makes you think I would be happy being the overused trope in stories?"

"Oh please, says the fella who enjoys being worshiped and adored."

"I don't! And haven't you heard before of the verse, never use the name of the Lord in vain."

As the two figures continue to bicker in an otherwise unassuming house, the protagonist swiftly returns to his computer, his fingers moving methodically across the keyboard.

[WP] The Devil and God landed in your house. They decide to argue about something stupid.

--------------

/r/dori_tales


"I'm serious, it's done. That whole cliche of 'The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled', I did that for a reason, okay? I'm out of the game. Done. Retired." The Devil seemed to think my shoulder was a typewriter as every word was punctuated by a not so tender jab. He was just about to press on when the door was kicked in.

"No, if anybody's getting out of all these craptastic writing prompts, it's me; Time Traveling Hitler!" And lo and fucking behold in goose stepped that murderous little asshole.

"Dude, where's your German?" I asked, of all things. I know, but seriously, he didn't even have an accent.

"I'm a Time Travel, duh. There's a drug in the distance future, for pretty much everything."

"Everything?" Lucifer and I both asked at the same time. Did we just become best friends?

"Jah, I mean 'yes'." Nodded the future hopping Fuhrer.

"So why not just take a pill to make you completely unaware of all these prompts? Or maybe stay in the future when there might not be so many, if any? I can't imagine you are the worst, I mean we eventually do get off the planet, right? We have to make some bigger blunders than you and Trump, right?" I asked, practically pleaded.

Hitler gaped for a second, closed his mouth, and gaped again. "Fine! Yeah, that's what I was going to do anyway! And see if I time travel back here anymore!" And with that Hitler slammed the door and was never seen again (save the many, many time traveling and/or Hitler related prompts on r/WritingPrompts).

Lucifer blinked, he was at a loss for words. "Well, okay. Um, look, that doesn't sound like a bad idea for me either. I'm just gonna go, hope forward a few thousand years. Because apparently there are just time machines everywhere." He started towards the door, and then stopped. "Oh yeah, and because I'm such a nice guy, check it out!" The Devil pulled a remote out of his pocket. It was labeled Inane Serial Killer Prompts. It had a dial. It was currently only set to 5 (What the fuck, *only* 5!?). With a devilish grin he cranked it to 11 and snapped the knob off. "Have a nice time on that internet now, Slick!" And with that, the Devil was gone as well.


"You need to stop putting me in every prompt, man."

"But why? You're an interesting character, much more so than you let people believe." I replied, not even a bit surprised by the fact that the Big Guy himself was in my room. In fact, I was more honored and curious than afraid.

"No, Ryan, that's exactly the point. I'm the stereotypical bad guy. I punish people who do bad shit, I tempted a bunch of dudes and I'm in a perpetual war with God. That's it. There's only so much you can do with that and yet, I'm all over this goddamn subreddit. Just stop." He was sitting in my window, like he was about to leave.

"Or maybe..." He turned to me, while raising an eyebrow. "That's what you want people to think, by only letting them look at the parts of you that contribute to your image. Yes, you rebelled against God and were cast out, but you did so because you stood for something and that's more interesting to us. You desperately want to be a symbol, but let me tell you something: symbols might be inspiring or frightening, but they are not relatable. You are. You are imperfect, but so are we and because of that, you are more like us than you'd like to believe."

The Devil sat down on my bed and sighed with a tired look on his face. "Do you know why you sin?" It was my turn to raise my eyebrow.

"Becuse you hate Him and you want to steer everyone away from Him. I thought that was obvious."

"You sin because I don't want you to care about him, " I nodded. "or me." At this point I was confused.

"But if we don't care about either of you, then what are we supposed to care about?"

"Yourself and the *actual* people that you care about. The ones that you can see and not the ones that you read about in thousand year old books. You are so obsessed with us and the things we said and their implications that you simply forget to spend time with the things that are right in front of you. **You sin, because I want you to live a little every once in a while.** Be curious, be bold, make mistakes. Maybe in a few million years I will go into my final battle against God, but that will never, ever matter to you and it shouldn't. He wants you to be boring. I want you to make something of what you were given. Think about that and take care, Ryan."

As he left, I closed my browser window and just stared for a few minutes. I think I need to make a call.

-

*It would be actually kinda cool to continue with these characters into something*


Dylan sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "I mean, really I am not talking about you I-"

The Devil held his hand up with a stern expression, little wisps like ghosts flittering from his fingertips. "Look, I have been the subject of metaphor more than you could possibly comprehend. I don't need to be patronized."

Raising one hand, palm up, to his shoulder, Dylan exclaimed "Then you must understand why-"

"Yes, of course I do." The devil sighed forcefully, leaning over placing a clawed smoldering hand on the desk. "But do you realize how exhausting it is to already be an object of human conception and be given some agency only to have it taken away and reduce me back into another person's black and white perceptions of reality?"

The desk was smoking and scorching.

Dylan attempted to fan the fumes away from his face, seemingly unperturbed. "Okay now you are being a little heavy-handed I think."

"Oh god forbid I have a character trait that makes elevates me past the point of conceptual." The devil rolled his scarlet eyes.

"Was that pun intended?" Dylan queried.

"I mean, I am a romanticized character, not an idiot. Much less a humorless one at that. And that's another thing!" The devil raised his bony pointer finger to a point. "Can't I be likable to anyone? Why can't I be funny to more than just the reader? Why does everyone have to treat me as the epitome of evil?"

Dylan stifled a chuckle."I mean, that is sort of the point after all."

"You know, that is pretty hurtful, being reduced to the first-dimension." The Devil's head bobbed disapprovingly. "You have known me for all of your literary life. I am practically family. Is this how you treat your brothers?"

"I feel like you would be more of an uncle figure you know? You've been around a lot longer than me, you didn't raise me, and you stop in to teach me a lesson here and there, but-"

"This isn't really making me feel any better." The Devil shook his head with pursed lips, deathly white horns shaking the cords of the ceiling fan.

"Well I mean isn't really about you in the end, is it? The narrative is for the purpose of the protagonist."

The Devil cocked his head with an exhausted look. "That is an over simplification and you know it. You can't boil down a literary canon into the story of what you decide is the protagonist. If you are going to treat me as merely conceptual, I would rather you not talk about me at all. You are smart; find some other symbol tear down. I have had enough." The master of hell himself reopened the portal at his feet, descending into the depths from whence he came, a thousand wailing souls bemoaning his return to his domain, the portal closing with a puff of black smoke, quickly dispersed by the ceiling fan.

Dylan sighed and rested his head on his hand, elbow on the desk, staring at his computer screen, smoke still rising from his desk beside his elbow.

"Perhaps... I was the devil all along."

"OH YOU SON OF A BITCH." The king of suffering screamed as he engulfed the house in flames.

Edit: Fixed a word


The devil appeared before me today.

He wasn't frightening or scary.  No smell of brimstone.  Just appeared, right there, in front of me in a fairly cheap suit.  An ordinary elderly (obese) gentlemen with an angry, but smug look on his face.

"Look we need to talk about you putting me in every Writing Prompt" he said matter-of-factly.

"But I..." I began.  "Just give it a break for a while.  I've got this inauguration speech to write before Friday and a shit ton of other things to worry about."


"But your super popular man everyone knows you". Pleading with the devil is similar with pleading with the guy who hooks you up with stuff.

 "BUT I WANT TO SEND YOU ALL TO HELL SO I COULD TORTURE YOU. AM I REALLY THAT COOL".

 "Yeah especially when they say your secretly a masochi-".

 "WHAT IN THE  LORD'S REALLY VAIN NAME DO YOU MEAN I'M A MASOCHIST YOU PSYCHO AND WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO WITH THAT TIE".

 "Wait you mean you ain't really into this sorta thing". Let it be known that I was only testing a theory.

 "OF COURSE NOT YOU CREEP I RULE HELL".

 "So your a sadist then".

 "MY OWN SEXUAL PLEASURES DO NOT MATTER HERE I CAME TO MAKE YOU STOP".

 "Sexual pleasure being the most important word in that sentence".

"JUST STOP MAN YOU ARE REALLY CREEPING ME OUT NOW".

 "Sorry it's just that... I  just lost someone close to me".

 "REALLY MAN".

 "Yeah".

 "SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS BUT I JUST CAME HERE TO TELL YOU TO STOP DOING THIS TO ME".

 "Thats what my dungeon buddies kept telling me".

 "YOU PLAY DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS".

 "Nah man I just go to this secluded warehouse to get whipped and do the whipping to other people".

 "THIS GOT UNCOMFORTABLE REALLY FAST I GOT A POKER GAME WITH JESUS SO I'LL JUST GET OUT OF YOUR HAIR".

 "But you came to tell me something right".

 "YEAH STOP USING ME BECAUSE IT IS BECOMING REALLY ANNOYING".

 "That sounds just like-".

 "I AM OUT OF HERE I HOPE I NEVER SEE YOU IN HELL YOU DEPRAVED MONSTER I WOULD NEVER OFFER YOU A JOB IF YOU EVER SHOW UP. PEACE".


She pulled the trigger, apologizing under her breath. The shot rang out, causing her to flinch, the body falling limply to the floor. 

Blood on her beautiful dress.

She waited for him to come, preening herself, making sure she was perfect for him.

A glint of the scythe.

"**You need to stop doing this.**"

She pouted, crossing her arms. 

"You never visit otherwise," she said, staring at him sullenly. 

"I do it because I love you." 

"**Love is a human construct,**" he said, swinging his scythe in an arc over the fallen body. There was a sound, like the fizzling out of a flame, then silence. 

"**I feel nothing for you. For *anyone*.**"

He began to leave, and the girl felt the moment leaving her. 

"Wait!" she cried, running towards him, hopping over the body. She grabbed his robe. 

"I won't stop, you know. I'll kill every day, just for a glimpse of you. I *love* you."

He turned to face her, his skull betraying no emotion.

"**And yet,**" he replied, his hollow eyes gazing into her. 

"**You love Life far more than Death; else I'd be here for *you*.**"

He turned and left; the silence proving it true.

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3


Angela Graham was thirteen when she first saw Death himself.  It was a bombing.  A half dozen were killed instantly or near instantly, and twenty more wounded, including her.  As she lay there, bleeding amidst the wreckage, she saw him.  Tall and lank, black robes, black cloak, and a black hood obscuring his build and features.  He wore a skull mask, but in the sockets she saw the twinkling of clear, dark, human eyes.  Long white fingers, bony, but not without skin, gripped the curved wooden shaft of a scythe.  A single sweep of it parted the souls from the six dead, and he gathered up the glowing energy like so much cut grass.  He moved about his work with gentle grace.

He was beautiful.

For a brief moment, her eyes met his.  He bowed his head, and went about his work, as though nothing had happened.

Anyone else would have thought the encounter a hallucination, brought on by trauma and blood loss.  But she didn't.  She recovered, and carried that memory with her.

--------------------

A year later, the two met again.  Angie had crushed a large spider she had found in her room.  The act was willful, cold.  She didn't know if it was poisonous, but if it was, leaving it be was a risk, and trying to catch it a bigger one.  She took no chances.

From behind her, a smooth voice spoke. "You know," it said slowly, "you were supposed to die that night."  A bony arm in a black sleeve reached over her to pluck the spider's soul from the ground like a flower.

She turned around and met his eyes again.  "Why did you spare me, then?" she asked.

"You saw me," he replied.  "Most cannot.  You can see the things that other are unable or unwilling to, and that gives you power.  I thought to myself, I would let you live.  There would be no harm in it."

"You're a good person," she said, clasping his hands.  "Thank you."

He clasped back, and said, "I appreciate the sentiment, but mine is thankless work, and I must be getting back to it.  There are people in pain who need release from their broken mortal shells.  I must tend to them."

He stood, and strode to the doorway.  "Will I see you again?" she asked, as he left.  The hood tilted forward, then back again.  "In good time.  All must meet me sooner or later.  Be patient, child.  I will be waiting for you.  Do not waste my gift of life.  I do not offer second chances often."  Angie moved to follow, but when she ducked out her bedroom door, he was already gone.

--------

Angie stood in her back yard, in a pathway of pebbles.  She picked them up, one at a time, running her fingers over them and tossing them experimentally upwards.  Finally, she found a smooth, elliptical one that satisfied her.

Her eyes darted around, scanning the trees, settling on a squirrel at the base of one.  The two stared at each other, neither daring to move.  Then Angie flicked the pebble at it.  It hit its mark, stunning the small creature.  She ran over it, not taking time to rise fully and instead clambering forward with her arms for support.  She reached the squirrel just as it stirred, grabbed it by the body, and twisted its head a full 180 degrees.  And she kept twisting.

He rested a thin, pale hand on hers, and she stopped, looking abruptly into his eyes again.  He did not look back.  His eyes instead focused on the cooling corpse she held.  "Such small things," he said, "tend to mind their own business.  It is a pity to cut a short life shorter.  I'd ask why, but I know."

"I wanted to see you again," she said, ignoring his speech.  "I'd give anything."

"Then why not your own life, instead of this one," he said, and his words were harsh and cold as ice.

Angie flinched, and she looked away, before whispering, "You told me not to waste my life."

"All lives are precious," he began, "and I ought to know.  After all, I am the one who must see every life end.  Do not continue this method of summoning me.  If nothing else, for my sake.  I so hate my work."

Then he took the squirrel's soul, and was gone.  Angie looked down at the dead rodent, tore its head off, and left it to rot.

-------

Angie was 16 when she killed again.  This time it was a human.  She didn't know who it was, didn't care.  All she knew was that she loved death, and wanted desperately to see him again.

This time, however, he was not gentle with her.  He pushed her aside with his hand, and hard.  Then he tended to the one she had killed.

"He was a painter," he said, "not the best, but he had passion, and some skill.  He was working on a new one, as a present for his younger sister, but he ran out of paint.  So, he ran out to get more.  But you got to him first.  Now that painting will remain unfinished, and his sister will be alone."  He reached for the young man's hand, and hauled a spectre to its feet.  "Come along," he said to the ghostly outline, "I ought to let you see her one last time, even if she cannot see you."  And the two walked away, hand in hand, past Angie, ignoring her.

-----------------

Angie peered around from behind the wall, watching the still body as though it would come to life.  She was waiting for him again, to confront him.  He had ignored her for the past several kills.

He came, as he always did, and set to claiming the soul.  "I know you're there," he said, as he looked over the latest victim, "I'd recognize your cruel knifework anywhere.  Come out.  I must speak to you."

She stepped out into the light, wearing a flowing black dress and long, white gloves, both unusually clean for the amount of blood she had spilled.  "I've missed you," she said, "and our talks."

"I said I wanted to speak to you, not with you.  Be silent," he shot back, never looking up.  She pouted even though she knew he wasn't watching.  "I told you not to waste your life.  Now you have thrown it away, become a criminal.  Murderer.  You could see past the veil.  With that power, you could have done much good.  Helped people gain closure.  Warned people of danger.  Instead you chose this life."

"You spared me," she began.  "No, you saved me!  I should have died.  I love you."

"I did no such thing," he spat, "In the confusion I must have overlooked you.  It was a mistake.  In more ways than one now, I see."

"But you looked at me, looked into my eyes," she protested, "You nodded to me."

"Blood loss and trauma make people see things that were not.  Now, if you have any respect, or love for me, you will stop this madness.  Now, I take my leave."

He vanished, taking the soul he had come to claim with him.

-----------------------

Angie, burned and bleeding, lay there, much as she had when she first met him.  She had always known she would slip up one day, and today had been it.  Murder, then arson to cover her tracks.  That had been the plan.  But someone had escaped the building, and called the police and fire departments.  She, meanwhile, had gotten delayed, and by the time she extricated herself from the rubble, they were waiting.  She was already burned and bruised.  The smart thing to do would have been to go quietly.  But she didn't.  Maybe, she had thought, if I die here, we can finally be together.

So she charged at them, knife raised, and they opened fire.

Now she could only watch as the ambulance dragged away the one who had called for help, and Death was not coming for him.  Not yet, at least.

Then, a black spot emerged from the flames and illuminated smoke, and he strode from the building, carrying a bundle of souls, and supporting a young woman who had slung an arm over his thin shoulder.  He let her fall on the grass, and the EMTs came for her.

Meanwhile, he came for Angie.  "Is it my time?" she gasped.

"No," he said.  "I am taking no more souls tonight.  She," he pointed at the girl the medics were tending to, "will live.  The man who called for help will live.  The firefighters will live.  Anyone who was not already dead or too mangled to save when I entered the building will live.  And you will live."

"Please," she choked out, "take me.  Take me with you."

"I will not.  I told you once before, I do not give second chances often.  You will live.  The courts will convict you.  You will be sentenced to life in prison.  Which, for you, will be a very, very long time.  You will not be able to kill again.  You will not see me again.  I will not come for you, now or ever.  When old age takes you, you will be left as a soul trapped in a dead, lifeless shell.  And you will never know peace."

She screamed, and drew her spare knife before plunging it through her own heart.  She let out a gurgling breath as blood that should have circulated through her lungs began to fill them.

"You will recover," he said.  "You are only making this harder on yourself.  You know, with your eyes, you could have helped many, instead of harmed them.  Saved them, instead of killed them.  You could have passed my gift of life on.  But you didn't.  And I." he paused, and inched closer.  "Hate." Closer still.  "You." he whispered into her ear.  And then he was gone.  She never saw him again.

------------------

EDIT:  Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!  Never been gilded before, let alone on one of my stories.  This made my evening.


She had been sixteen when she first saw him. He had planted a cold kiss on her mother's colorless lips after his work was completed. And tonight she would see him again, as she had once a month for the past two years. She always chose the night of the full moon. It felt more romantic that way, since the moon had been round and full that fateful night. And the silver beams illuminating the room offered a certain ambience. 

"You're a real artist, Libby. Truly." His familiar voice rasped from behind her. A voice like crackling, burning flames. A smile pulled at her lips as she turned to face him, the knife held in her calm, idle hands. A paintbrush used to create her masterpieces. The crimson paint of her most recent victim still coated the silver blade. 

"I was starting to worry you would not show," she said, batting her long, pale lashes against her cheeks. "Do you like it?" she asked hopefully, motioning to the motel bed behind her. She watched him peek around her, unflinching as his black eyes took in the flayed man laid spread eagle on the mattress. 

"Impressive. But then, it is easy for you to lure them in, isn't it? They see a lovely thing like you and abandon all sense," he replied. 

She frowned and crossed her arms over her chest. "Because I am a woman I have an easier time of it?" she asked, annoyed. "Some of them become suspicious. And you should see the look on their faces when they see the knife," she smiled, hazel eyes sparking at the memory. 

He smiled his cool, alluring smile. "I'm sure his face was a mask of terror," he said, plucking her weapon from her hand and setting it aside. "Come here." 

Her body instantly reacted to his command and she found herself in his lithe arms. She knew morning would come too fast, as it always did. But for now she was content to indulge in life's small pleasures. Plus there was always next month to look forward to. 

She awoke to the sunlight filtering in through the dusty blinds, warming her face. She stirred among the comforter splayed out on the hard, dirty carpet that smelled faintly of mildew and piss. It was worth it, though. She sighed and sat up, hoping he was still there, though she hoped in vain as usual. She sprang to her feet and donned her sweater and jeans, ignoring the body drying out on the mattress. There was still time to take care of that. 

Biting her lip, she padded across the room to the nightstand and plucked up the note that lay there, her eyes drinking in the familiar scrawling handwriting: 

"Libby, 
The nights we share have been a favorite part of my routine for some time now. The warmth I find in your arms has been an unfamiliar solace, one I have come to treasure. Until our next rendezvous, I shall think of your iridescent eyes, alight with the same passion that stirs my own blood. I shall see you again when next the moon reaches its most stunning phase. 

Yours- 
G.R. 

P.S. I left a gift for you outside." 

Libby smiled and set the note down, her heart jumping in her chest, curious to see what he had left her. She hurried to the window and glanced out. There, hanging from the corner stoplight, was a young woman torn open from throat to naval. Her bloody entrails were hanging free and her ragged skin flapped in the summer breeze. He was such a romantic, the one the police had labeled "The Grim Reaper." He knew the way straight to her heart, and it certainly wasn't flowers. 

--------------------------------------------

Edit: to add this - r/PhantomFiction, should anyone wish to peek further into me brain. :)


I remember the first time I saw him. It was love at first sight. My uncle was dead on the floor, and he came. He pulled back his hood. I was terrified, but he had the face of an angel. His voice was calming and sweet. I vowed to see him again. There was the easy way, but it only guaranteed a brief visit with him. So, I plotted another way for us to date. 

As I grew, people around me had accidents. He would show up. We would talk though not for long. He told me to move on, but I never listened. I only wanted him. I wanted his icy hands all over my body. I was persistent. I kept after him. Though over time, his discontent with me grew. 

I could not stop. More died to feed my need for him. I wanted him in the deadliest of ways. On my 25th birthday, after my 33rd victim, he appeared. I threw myself on him, but he pushed me away. 

"Abby, look, you're a cute girl, but I'm the Grim Reaper. I don't have genitals."

"That's okay. We can make due." 

"Okay, fine, I was trying to be nice, but I'm going to come out and say it. I like men. Ted and me have a quite a life together." 

"Ted?" I ask, tears welling in my eyes.  

"Bundy. Yeah, great guy. Don't feel bad. You're not the first to do this to win me over. I mean, Gacy, what a nightmare. Thought dressing up like a clown for me was sexy or something. And then there was Ed Gein. Sweet guy, but a little off. But, Ted has been a dream." 

"Aren't there other Reapers?" I ask, "Maybe you weren't the only one."  

"Nope, I'm it. Look, I have to go, but I'll see you in a few years."

"A few years? Why?"

"Oh, do you want me to spoil it?" 

"Yes," I demand, "I need to know." 

"It's going to be a shocking conclusion to your life." 

"I get the chair?" I ask. 

"Yep, well, happy birthday!" 

He kissed me on the forehead. I don't know if it was to add insult to injury or what, but, like that, he was gone. The police arrived soon thereafter. The trial and sentencing were quick. It took a few years, but I saw him again, hoping something had changed. But, Ted hugged him as soon as we arrived on the other side. Ted was a dream. That was much was true.  

***

If you enjoyed this, I also wrote a prompt about a serial killer ending up on a jury. [Here it is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nickkuvaas/comments/3vqslq/wp_you_a_serial_killer_just_getting_started_have/)


Larry was disappointed, of course, but he was also a practical man, so he dispensed with grumbling and instead got to work. He began with the bottles first, then the scraps of food strewn about, then the shredded photographs laying across the floor like pixellated snow. 

Finally, after he had squeezed the trash bag down the chute, he returned to pick Sara off the ground, then began the slow trudge to the bedroom. 

"I'm OK... I can... walk by myself..."

"You promised me you wouldn't drink again, Sara."

"Did I? I didn't..."

"I'm here anytime, Sara. You should talk to me, not bottle it all up."

She was quiet for a while, until her head hit the pillows. She still stank of old sweat, alcohol, depression. Larry was turning to leave when her hand shot out, caught his. 

"I'm sorry, it's just that... I know I promised you I would move on, but I... I miss him so much sometimes, you know?" 

"Yeah, OK."

"Oh no, oh no... I've made you angry, haven't I? I've gone and done it again... Larry, I swear, I really do like you, and I want to be with you, and I'm sure I want to move on..."

"Then what's stopping you, Sara? Have you been calling him again?" 

Larry didn't really understand what triggered those black episodes Sara lost herself in. He thought at first that they were still communicating over the Internet, or through phone messages. But there were none. And as far as he could tell, from the first day he had reached out to the girl who had survived the bombing at Times Square, performed first aid on her while the emergency services arrived, he had never seen her ex, only heard her talk about him in the abstract. 

But he had noticed that tragedies tended to precipitate such moods. If they witnessed an accident, saw people perish, she would spiral again, uncontrollably. 

Perhaps it was some kind of PTSD.

"I swear, I've not been calling him. It's just that... I'm reminded of him at times, you know?" 

"I know. And I told you, I don't care about your past. I'm here to help you through this. But you have to want to help yourself too, I can't do it alone."

She sat up suddenly, a flame igniting in her eyes, a certain clarity which shone through. 

"No, this cannot go on. I was wrong. I have to accept that I can't change who I am. Please, Larry, please go. I can't promise you that I'll ever move on. And if I ever weaken again, feel like seeing him again... You may get hurt, Larry. So please, we have to end this."

He expected the words, but they still cut deep. How many times had he tried to move on himself? But he knew he had to try, to see if he could ever walk with her to the end of the tunnel - there, surely, there would be enough light for the two of them. 

"I'll stay with you until I die, I promise," he said, running his fingers through her hair as he coaxed her back to sleep. 

"That's... what I'm afraid of..." she replied, as she slowly drifted off to sleep. 

Larry kissed her on the forehead, drew the blanket over her, then left. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny


Three candles lit the room, their wicks barely burning above the pool of wax spilling out the candle holders. All three sat atop a rounded wood table set up for dinner. Two plates, two knives, two forks, but only one person. Mariah waited as she always did as the flames began to flicker.

He wasn’t coming. He never did, not since she was a little girl and they had made their promise. A man coughed in the corner, hidden by her shadow, as a dark liquid crept toward the dinner table. Mariah let out a small breath and stepped out of the light, into the blood-stained cement floors of her killing room.

“Please, I have a family.” Every word came in a splutter of blood that speckled Mariah’s black silk dress. “There’s money in my wallet if that’s what you want.”

Mariah shook her head. “I don’t want money.”

“I’ll give you anything, just name it, but please don’t kill me.”

Ironic since the only thing she wanted was his life, though not as much as her first victims. When she had first started killing, she had bought candles fresh from the store for every dinner, she had scrubbed the plates until they were spotless, and took care not to step in blood or have it splatter onto her dress. Back then, she didn’t let her victims talk. It would’ve ruined the atmosphere.

But a girl could only be stood up so many times. The first five or so times, she got angry. By the time the candlelight died, she was hurling curses about broken promises and hearts. The victims had died long before she could take her rage out on them. Now, at the fifteenth attempt, everything she did came half-hearted. Her candles were recycled from the previous night, her dishes unwashed, and her victim still alive. He even had the strength to talk.

Mariah sighed. “Its fine,” she said, tears in her eyes, “he’ll come next time.” She turned toward the man. “Don’t worry, I won’t let it hurt.”

The man let out a stuttered squeal as he pressed himself further into the corner.

“We’ve both been hurt tonight,” she muttered and grabbed a knife from the table.

All of a sudden, the man shot up and threw his body against hers. The blow knocked the breath from her lungs and her head whipped back into concrete. A single shrill note rang in her ears as she blindly stabbed at the man.

Fingers wrapped around her wrist, their nails like talons. And the knife was pried away.

“You bitch!”

Fire sprouted from her wrist and the man rolled off her. He crashed through the rusted iron door of her killing room. Sunlight spilled through the opening. Mariah stared at her open wrist, at the pool of blood crawling toward the sun. And then she saw it, a dark and silent man sitting at the table. Her breath caught.

“You came back,” she whispered.

“Didn’t I promise that I would?”

She pushed herself up, swept off her dress and took her seat at the table. “I’m sorry,” she said, a tremble in her words. “I didn’t think you’d come so I hadn’t set up much. Here, you can take my knife.”

The other knife was on the ground, covered in her blood.

The Grim Reaper stared back unmoving. “It’s a lovely dinner,” he said.

A small smile broke Mariah’s lips and tears welled up inside her eyes. “Thank you." She chuckled nervously and glanced up. "You’re not going to leave again, are you?”

The Reaper shook his head. “No,” he said. “Not this time.”

Mariah's smile stretched from cheek to cheek. Tears spilled down her cheeks. And slowly, the candlelight faded until only darkness remained.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more!


"Jesus *FUCK*!" If I could gag, I would. A dead body, torn and ribboned like a frayed cloth doll dipped in scarlet lay discarded in a cheap motel room.

A woman steps out of a shower, her hair up in a towel and no other apparent form of modesty, save for the steam that rises from her skin. I, out of a shame that she didn't seeming have herself, didn't look, not that I had to- I knew who she was. 

And by God, what an utter hatter she is. This one included, she's killed 32 people, each one getting more and more... exotic. Now, I have tried- I did- I tried to be the tall, scary, stoic Death that people tend to think of, but this is just horrific. Genuinely, as a man (or... whatever) who roams the fields of war and stalks the hospital wards, I have never seen such *undoing* done with such attention to detail.

"Do.. You like It? I worked Very Hard to Make this Special for Us." She said. She came around me, gently gliding her finger across my black robe, pushing in slightly to feel the contours of my bones. 

"Wha- If I may be *so bold* as to ask, WHY?" 

"Well, I just Wanted to See You again." She said, just barely above a whisper. 

"This is too far. You know you're going to Hell for this?"

"I was going to hell anyways. But I don't have to go just yet. We can just stay here... for tonight."  I try to reply but she cuts me off before I can. "Every time I see you, you only show up for a second and wander off with some poor soul!"

"Yeah, because you killed them! Because that's my job!" 

She gives me a pout and pulls herself closer to me.

"Well, can't you take a break from your job for once?" She protests. "I thought Love was supposed to be able to conquer Death! For one night, can't it just be you and me?" 

I look down at her for the first time tonight and shake my head.

"Why do you think I'm here to begin with?" As I point to her body, torn and ribboned on the bed.


For /u/ttough, who requested a more passive, surgical approach. My first prompt! 


"You have an artist's hands."

Mira didn't jump in surprise, not anymore. Instead she wiped her forehead with the back of her hand, accidentally smudging a little blood from her glove. 

"Perhaps that's what I should have been," she replied quietly, and looked at the lifeless body on the gurney in front of her. The cuts were neat, precise, but it still hadn't saved him. It was a car that had killed him, but it felt like it had been her.

Pale fingers reached past her shoulder, a curved blade tracing the incisions she had made. They closed as if by magic, the pools of scarlet disappearing into nothing. It was still on her hands, though, tacky and tasteless.

"Mira, you are still an artist."

Mira turned slightly, and looked at Death. He looked back at her, at life, at a desperate attempt of it, and smiled. It was a sympathetic smile, one topped by eyes of pure black, eyes that had seen every mistake she had ever made, and still he smiled.

"You hurt when you see me," he murmured, his head tilting to the side when she twined her fingers with his. "You hurt even as you hunger."

Seeing him was like a kick to her system, a handsome spectre with a skeletal smile, the balm to the ache of losing another life. Amidst the sterile rooms and the gleaming tools, he stood like a swathe of darkness, and she was drawn to him, just as she was discouraged.

"I know I've failed when I see you," she replied softly, turning back to the bed to see the dead man's body - whole again, for now. "At least you bring them peace."

"So do you," he offered gently, one cold finger brushing her cheek. "You try to give them a second chance."

Mira turned to catch his palm against her jaw, savouring the chill burn, but her blood pumped slower with every second, and her skin grew colder with every touch.

"That's the problem," she whispered, and pressed a kiss to icy lips, even though it stung, even though it might kill her. "My work is in life."

"And mine in death," he replied. 

The kiss stole the very breath from her lungs.

He drew back, keeping their fingers intertwined until the last possible moment, until her skin started to hurt, started to die, and then her hand fell against her surgical scrubs. He smiled again, soft and sad, and pressed two bloodied fingers to his lips. "Until the next time, angel." 

The lights flickered, and he was gone, the body raw and red once more, and her heart screaming for oxygen. 

"Until the next time," she sighed, but she pushed chilled fingers to her lips with a smile. 

Mira's pager went off; a pile up on the motorway, the same accident that had introduced them the first time. So many people, so many lives, so many chances.

They said that absence made the heart grow fonder, so she took a deep breath, and returned to her work.


"Please stop," Death said exasperatedly, facepalming himself with his skeletal hand as he stood over the thirteenth body this month. "Seriously Patricia, you're making my job harder, not easier, and believe it or not it's actually pretty creepy." 

The knife she had used clattered to the floor as she jumped up and down, making a noise that was cross between a giggle and a gasp. "You know my naaaame!" She squealed, completely missing the point.

Death sighed and turned his attention to the corpse. He took the soul of the deceased in his satchel while she flounced over to him, trying not to engage her by looking her in the eyes.

She screeched as the colorful orb of human essence exited the mouth of the dead man. She put her hands on Death's bony shoulders and squeezed. "You're the only one for me. I just know I can make you happy if you give me a chance!"

Death finished the job and turned around, putting his arm out to put some distance between them. She was quite handsy. "I'm gonna go now..." He said as he awkwardly side stepped to the entrance of the cellar. "Please don't do this again."

"But it's so romantic!" She pouted as he mounted the stairs. "We'll never be apart for long! No matter what happens, I can always find you... with murder!"

Death had the heebie jeebies, so at this point he decided to make a run for it. She made to follow so he slammed the cellar door behind him to buy a few seconds.

By the time she came out he was gone. All that was left of her true love was a whisper on the wind that in her heart she knew was for her and her alone: *"Don't."*


The first time I saw Her was an accident. Mr. Johnson just tripped, struck his head on the table, and didn't get back up. And there She was, pale and perfect in black... and then gone.

The second time wasn't an accident. I had to see Her again, I *needed* to. So I slipped a little something extra into my wife's morning coffee. And there She was, pale and perfect in black... this time, She caught my eye before She vanished.

The third time, I figured out how I could see Her longer. I wandered into a hospital and meddled. And there She was, pale and perfect in black... four times that morning I saw Her, each sight a little gift.

The fourth time, I was making a plan. I knocked off old Jack from down the street, it's so easy to mix up sugar and rat poison. And there She was, pale and perfect in black... I caught her eye, a silent question in my eyes, and she nodded.

The last time, I was ready. I dressed myself in my nicest black dress, lay on the bed, and swallowed the pills, ready to be with Her forever. And there She was, pale and perfect in black... and so was I.


"Sally, we really need to talk about our relationship."

Me and my girlfriend were standing in the middle of a bloody crime scene. She just murdered a old ww2 veteran in his home by poisoning his tea.

I have to admit, she was getting better and better with the killings. The poison she used would soon dissolve in the blood of the victim and the tea, making his death look like a normal cardiac arrest. Something normal for a 90 year old.

Her first kill was really clumsy. She ambushed a middle aged office worker in his apartment. The struggle which ensued took several minutes, alamred the neighbours and left a mountain of evidence. She barely escaped.

It was like watching a toddler making his first steps.

But at that day when we first saw each other, we knew we were destined to be together. So I helped cover her trails and showed taught her the skills of a master assassin I reaped years ago.

And now we were standing here, while I held her in my arms.

"What about it?"

"Darling, I love you and I really wish to spend more time with you. But the killings are getting a little bit overboard. I mean, this guy didnt deserved to die, neither did his time actually come. With this you are creating more unnecessary work for me."

"But thats the only way I can see you. You are always working and have close to zero free time."

She was right. 

Many people think that the Grim Reaper is a single person, living since the begin of time. In reality we are a line of different persons. Each one of us was chosen by special criterias. And once we took the job we would work almost non stop for decades till we retired with the riches we "confiscated" from people who didnt need it anymore.

I was stroking trough her long blonde hair when I had an idea.

"Sally, how about you only kill those guys who are creating more unnecessary work for me?"

"You mean bad girls like me?"

"Exactly, serial killers, hitmen, mob bosses and their members. The scum of society nobody really needs. With this I could actually spend more time with you."

She smiled.

"Sounds good, but I will have to travel alot for this my sweet Reaper."

"Dont worry, I got this covered. Just see it as a opportunity to travel around the world with me."


Maria was only eleven when she first crossed paths with him. 

It was a shooting. A drunk, fueled by rage and too much bad alcohol, had burst into a theater. What should have been a humorous showing of the year's latest animated comedy had quickly turned into a nightmare. 

Maria sat with her arms around her knees, crying softly as she looked at the body of her older sister draped across the row of chairs in front of her. Paramedics and emergency services rushed about the room, tending to victims, but they had not yet made their way to Maria. 

"You should be dead."

Maria looked up, searching for whoever had spoken. A tall man in dark jeans and a loose black jacket was leaning on the seat next to her. His face was pale and slightly wrinkled, despite his seemingly young appearance. There was a wicked looking scythe strapped to his back, it's curved blade glowing softly. He looked over to Maria. "That bullet should have gone straight through you. It should've pierced your lung, and you should have died just before the paramedics arrived. The fates won't be happy about this."

Maria was still too shocked to speak. She looked into the man's eyes. They were dark and empty, without even the slightest hint of color. They were sad eyes, as if something was weighing on him. Even at her young age, Maria could tell he was a troubled man. 

He pulled the hood of his jacket over his shockingly white hair, sighing. "I suppose your sister jumped out in front of you, yes?" He looked at Maria for confirmation. She nodded, still wide-eyed and crying. The man shook his head. "She had such a bright future, too. Do me a favor, and don't waste this chance your sister has given you. Life is precious. I know that better than anyone." He directed his gaze to the emergency workers making their way over to the young girl. 

"Well, I suppose there's nothing more I can do here." The man pulled the scythe from his back and dragged it through Maria's sister's body. It left no mark, but a green mist arose from her into the wake of the weapon. He turned to Maria one last time. "Don't waste this chance."

And with that, he was gone. 

XXX

Maria stood over the body before her, her hands dripping with blood that wasn't hers. 

The kill had been particularly messy, with blood getting everywhere. Bits of drying gore even hung from her long, auburn hair. 

"Well?" She called out. "Where are you? I know you're here!"

"There's no need to shout."

Maria whirled around to face the familiar, black clad figure, spraying blood into the air as she did. She smiled devishly, her white teeth a shocking contrast to the display of crimson across her entire body. 

The man clicked his tongue. "Your kills get more gruesome each time. One day there won't be enough body left for me to bother showing up." The man pulled the scythe from his back, stepping towards Maria. "Step aside, please," he asked. 

Maria shook her head wildly. "If I do that, you'll just leave."

The man sighed. "You know I don't really need you to move. I'm just being polite." He twirled the scythe in his hands, disappearing from view. Maria turned back to her kill to find him already there, dragging his scythe through the victim's body. He paused to study the familiar viridian smoke. "This man had a daughter your age, you know. Imagine how she might feel when she finds out someone killed her father for the sake of a silly crush."

Maria laughed violently. "A silly crush? That's all you think this is? I've killed countless times just to see you again and again, and you call it a crush? I call it love!"

"I call it a waste!" The man barked, snapping for a moment. "Life is precious. I know that better than anyone."

Maria rolled her eyes."You drop that same line every time we talk. I don't care, I just want to see you-"

"And I dread seeing you!" The man shouted, finally losing his cool. "Every time we meet it means another live has been snuffed out too soon. I've considered leaving the souls of your victims to wander, if only to try and coerce you into stopping this madness."

"I won't stop," Maria said hungrily. "All I want is to see you."

"If you truly wanted to see me, why not take your own life? Why so cruelly snatch it from others?" The man asked. Maria didn't answer. "That's what I suspected. I won't entertain you any longer. Don't kill again. I won't show up."

"But you will. You always do!" Maria shouted. 

But it was too late. He was already gone. 

XXX

He was right. He didn't show up. No matter how many times Maria killed, the man in black never appeared again, and it drove her mad. It drove her mad to the point where she had finally turned her knife on herself. 

The man stood before her lifeless body, his fingers clutched around his scythe. He was still debating whether or not he should leave her soul to wander.

"Maria..." He whispered, returning the scythe to his back, "I cannot forgive you for what you've done." He reached down, letting his fingers touch her still-clenched hand. "So I do not expect you to forgive me for leaving you to wander. I am truly sorry I revealed myself to you that day at the theater. It was a foolish decision."

The man sighed, and reached into his pocket, revealing a small photograph. It was of Maria and her sister.

"You left this behind on that day. Perhaps of I'd returned it earlier I could have saved you yet."

He watched her body with sad eyes as he faded away. "I told you, Maria. All life is precious. Even yours."

r/Uselesslibrary for more of my writing, if you'd like.


The dead white walls seemed to hum with excitement along with her. Tonight is the night. She trekked from room to room, waiting on nightfall. It wasn't required, but it just seemed fitting. The cart she pushed from room to room squeaked quietly along in front her. She seemed not to notice the front right wheels resistance to her every move. She was effervescent. 

The fluorescent tubes in the ceiling did a poor job of illuminating anything at all, and she was grateful for the darkness. Most of them were asleep already, and it wouldn't be a hard sell to anyone that they had stayed that way. 

Finally she arrived. This is the one. She was smiling ear to ear as she pushed her cart into Mr. Johnson's room and shut the door behind her. The shades on the only window were drawn, and the room descended back into darkness with the small click of the lock. Small red numbers flashed on the screen of the machine attached to Mr. Johnson. She crept slowly to his bedside. His eyes were closed peacefully, and she breathed a sigh of relief. 

She went back to the cart, and grabbed the prepped needle from the bag resting on top of it. This was the worst part. She held the needle in front of her as she stepped forward. 

One prick is all it takes. 

To her dismay, the man started. 

"What are you doing to me?" he breathed in alarm. 

"Shh, Mr. Jonson." She looked up at his eyes, now wide. "I was trying not to wake you, but you need your shot." 

The man seemed to relax a bit, but he still looked confused. "Oh." he replied uncertainly. "What are you putting in me?" he asked, with a slight smile. 

She hesitated, looking back down at the needle. "Potassium." she replied, almost nonchalantly. 

"Couldn't have just given me a bana..." the man started to trail off. 

There. 

"This is more like a thousand bananas." she whispered as she watched the light in his old eyes shine for the last time. The last carbon Dioxide the Mr. Johnson would ever produce seeped from his lungs unwillingly, and it was done. 

She turned away. All that was left was to wait. 

___

The room danced in the light of several candles. Orange light fought the shadows back into their corners, and then was fought back in turn. She watched their struggle silently, sitting on the uncomfortable chair. 

Suddenly the light lost ground. There was a chill in the air. She knew that he was near. 

She stood just in time to see him. 

___

/r/Periapoapsis


###Sweet malady

Rapture, a feeling of awe, of joy, the melody of the wind under his robe, the whitest hands, so otherworldly, so divine, it all sent chills down her spine and a gulp down her throat. His steps so constant and decisive as he neared the body of her father. She had cried, she had cried much before his death, and after his death her eyes were dry and her throat sore, but as the Reaper came, his might and divinity filled her lungs with the heat of passion. He emitted an uncomfortable superiority and arrogance, yet an elegance never seen before. A God would give this feeling, and had she known this nothing would have changed. She just wanted to revere him, not even to touch him, but even then she raised her hand to touch his robe, and a slight feeling of cold electricity filled her hand instead of touch. She wanted to cry again, this time from joy and admiration.

And as he left, his unsounding steps left a pain within her body, as if by leaving he had ripped a part of her that wanted to see him for all eternity, leaving a wound in her heart. She screamed in despair, ‘NO!’, but he didn’t turn back. Her heart thumped in her chest and she started panting even before she ran before him, but when he reached the doorway, carrying a white, ghostly copy of her father’s body, he became fog and the fog became air and nothing was seen in the surroundings. She felt like she had just had a dream, the most awe-inspiring dream, and loneliness filled her heart. Her father was gone, and this beautiful soul that roamed the world was a drop of hope in her life.

She went to sleep, and as she thought of him every second that passed, a sweet sad smile covered her face as slumber took over her, and in her dreams, he saw him ever-fading, not quite as solid and magnificent as in reality. The next morning, she made breakfast and looked out the window, thinking with melancholy of the night before, when her father had died, but this sad night was now the night when she had seen the Reaper, the most beautiful being in existence. And as she looked out, voices could be heard outside playing. So happy, yet oblivious of the beauty even beyond their dreams. She ate heartily and happily. Then, for a week, all she thought was of the Reaper, but life took over and she had her own worries, but every night, in the loneliness of the night, she wished to see him, and there was no way for her to do that, unless… and she remembered the kids playing outside the morning after that fateful night. She knew the Reaper was beautiful in the night, when his robe shone like the moon and the stars over the dark sky. She wondered, very much, what he would look like in the day.

And so, the next day, she hit the road to the forsaken lands, right outside the city, where the poor lived and thrived in how forgotten they were by the law. As she window-shopped, she wondered who would come into her car, then she remembered a past friend a few blocks away, the one who sold things as dark as death itself —thought as such for good reason. She entered a shanty house and found the man sitting on a dirty, broken sofa.

—Dear, I did reject your offer once —she said while she sat next to him on the rags—, but I have reconsidered your offer.

—Baby, you know I can give you anything you want —he replied with his typical arrogance.

She carried the darkest things in the world to her car and hit the road again, leaving an astounded man behind her. She went further into the wilderness of civilization, into the lands covered by trees and weeds, passed by the first garbage-digger and offered him some food. The dark-skinned young man knew not to trust her, but his awful hunger betrayed his good sense. As he approached the car, she raised the longest revolver he had ever seen.

—Come in or I’ll fill you with lead —she said in an unnaturally thick Venezuelan accent. Maybe she was mocking him, he thought, by using the words of the poor against him, but he obeyed nonetheless. He entered through the back door as she commanded and cuffed himself to the back of the passenger’s seat. She raised the dark-tinted windows and parted into the unknown. When they stopped, she wore a red hoodie, the only hoodie she had, and came to the back to take him out. It was early in the afternoon. She gave him a very tasty-looking sandwich.

—Eat up. Make sure to enjoy it. You won’t have another —she mentioned with kindness, now with a normal middle-class accent.

As he heard those words, he dreaded the future. His heart beat faster and he almost cried.

—But miss, what have I done to you? —he unsuccessfully pleaded right before she placed the revolver against his head.

—You can die before eating if you want —she threatened.

And with regret deep in his guts, he sat down against the car and ate heartily, strangely grateful for the sandwich as his hunger passed. And for some reason he could never understand, he said after he ate and touched his stomach.

—Thank you, girl.

—Get up —she approached him wielding the gun toward him. She led him next to a tree —turn toward the tree and hug it.

The weirdest paradox of the human race is that even while knowing they will certainly die, people with a gun to their heads are not very willing to fight for their lives —because they fear death. He hugged the tree as she said, then felt as indescribable pain tore his lungs, his stomach, his lower back, and then his consciousness faded. She turned the body over and looked at his face, now expressionless, even though he had died in pain. His eyes were wet. He had cried. For a moment, she was enveloped with a sweet melancholy. She smiled and caressed his face.

—You’re very handsome. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise —she whispered to him furtively and waited for the longest minute in her life, then the second longest minute. Then she knew she had failed somewhere and the Reaper was not coming. She cried over the dead man’s body.

—I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! —she wailed over his body, and suddenly she felt electricity take over her body. She felt the cold air of divinity take over her, and then separate itself from her. She turned around and saw the fog dispersing. The Reaper had come and she had not been able to see it, but even that feeling of divinity was worth it. It was incomparable to any drug she had taken before. It was real, so real, yet so overwhelming, so sublime.

And from then on, in this lawless wilderness, she preyed on the most vulnerable and gifted them death. She was better every time, scourging the streets, but the poorest knew nothing, for mysterious death is usual in these lands. The only ones who knew were the police and herself.


In the CICPC forensics department, Juan Miguel Berríos Colmenares read over a file and saw the body that had just been described for him. He sat in front of it and moved the chair even closer, almost breathing over the little boy through the mask. As an excellent profiling expert, he was filled with a feeling he had never felt. This body fit the profile perfectly: it was almost as if he could feel the love exuding from every stab wound. Their stomachs were full with expensive ingredients although they were poor. He knew from the proportions described in the file that every meal was delicious. Every victim was covered with a motherly feeling. It was absurd, he knew, but he could not think of anything else. It was as if, to every victim, the killer had *gifted* death, as if every puncture had been given as a caress. He looked at the child through the killer’s eyes and breathed in her tenderness.


ELLIE...

She looked up at me, eyes rimmed in red. For a moment, she was the girl who first saw me again, all those years ago. Then she wiped the tears from her cheeks and forced herself to smile.

"I was worried... I thought maybe you wouldn't..."

ALWAYS, ELLIE. IT'S WHAT I DO.

"I know. I just thought... you might not. Because of me."

I'M SORRY. I KNOW IT'S BEEN... DIFFICULT, FOR YOU.

"Difficult? Yes, that's a good word for it." She smiled; a real smile this time. "At least I made sure that the bitch got what she deserved."

THE BITCH, IN THIS CASE, WAS YOUR MOTHER.

"No! She stopped being my mother when she murdered Dad!"

It was how she'd first seen me: a small girl, sobbing silently as she watched through a crack in the cupboard door while her mother and her uncle - her mother's lover - murdered her father in cold blood, while he was relaxing in a spa pool. Her father was no angel, either - I'd met him often, during the war, as he dispatched the enemies of his country. But to meet him again like that, a survivor of the war, finally come home, only to be murdered by the woman he trusted most of all? It had been disturbing, even to me - and I have literally seen everything. For Ellie; well, her mental state stood as testament to the effect at had on her impressionable young mind.

Ellie had set out on the only logical course of action to her: vengeance. Long, cold, studied vengeance.  
She traveled abroad, and studied with foreign masters to learn the art of inflicting pain. She learned the way of the sword, the spear, the bow - any weapon she could carry. She apprenticed under the greatest strategic minds the world had to offer, to add their cool calculus to her plans for retribution.  
And all the while, she practiced her bloody work, perfecting her murderous art - saving her masterpiece for the perfect canvas: her mother.

We saw each other a lot during that part of her life.  
And for a time, we were... close.

I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HER, ELLIE. YOU MADE THAT QUITE CLEAR LAST TIME WE SPOKE.

---

That night is still clear to me, even now. Ellie stood, bathed in her mother's blood - and a twisted, broken body at her feet.

"You're here?" Ellie gasped when she recognized me.

YES.

"But... She doesn't deserve it! She doesn't deserve you!"

THIS IS WHAT I DO, ELLIE.

"You know what she did to my father; to me! How can you help her?"

I MUST, ELLIE. IF NOT ME, THEN WHO?

"No one! That's the point! She deserves to suffer!"

SHE HAS, ELLIE. FOR HOURS. YOU HURT HER A LOT.

BUT NO MORE.  
NOW, SHE WALKS WITH ME.

"Don't!" Ellie cried, almost pleading. "Don't take her. Please. Let her stay."  
"For me."

IT IS HER TIME.

Ellie screamed for a long time; she did not stop until well after I'd faded from view.

---

"I was wrong," Ellie apologized. "I thought... I thought that was what I was meant to do. I thought that was what I wanted."  
"In time, I came to realize... I realized that what I wanted? It was you. I love you. I always have."

For a moment, I vividly recalled holding that little girl's hand while her father died.

I'M SORRY, ELLIE. I LOVE YOU. I'VE ALWAYS LOVED YOU. BUT WE CANNOT BE TOGETHER.

"You love me? So then why can't we be together?"

I LOVE ALL HUMANS, ELLIE. YOU MAY NOT HAVE ALWAYS SEEN ME, BUT I WAS WITH YOU, EVERY DAY; EVERY MOMENT; EVERY WAKING BREATH. I NEVER LEFT - I WAS THERE; I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN THERE.  
WITH YOU.  
WITH EVERYBODY.

AND WHILE I WOULD HAVE ENJOYED BEING WITH YOU LONGER... I motioned to her corpse, lying on the floor between us.

"I did it for you," Ellie answered. "I couldn't live without you! But now, now we can be together!"

YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND, ELLIE. I'M AFRAID IT IS TIME FOR **YOU** TO LEAVE ME.

"But... I don't want to go!" she screamed. "I want to stay here, with you!"

VERY FEW HUMANS EVER WANT TO GO, ELLIE. FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH, I DON'T WANT YOU TO GO EITHER.  
AND YET, YOU MUST. THIS PLACE IS FOR THE LIVING. YOU CANNOT STAY.

Reluctantly, I escorted Ellie through the doors on to the black desert under the endless night.


######[](#dropcap)

Dan stepped into the office a full half-hour late for work. He hung his coat on a hook and put his umbrella in the stand. Kathy, his secretary, eyed him as he came to the front desk.

"Not like you to be late, boss."

"My car broke down," Dan said simply.

"Is that all? I was worried something had actually happened. I was just about to call the police."

"No, you weren't."

"No I wasn't." She set a stack of paper on her desk.

Dan sighed. "You are in a surprisingly good mood."

"I am! *So glad* you noticed."

"Which means..."

Kathy leaned forward, her bony fingers steepled under her chin. "Guess who's back on your docket today?" she asked in a singsong tone.

Realization dawned on him. "Oh, hell no." Kathy's eager squeal as she showed Dan the first appointment file only set him further on edge. "Kathy, don't do this to me."

Kathy began laughing. 

"Haven't even had coffee yet," Dan grumbled to himself. Kathy laughed harder. The office coffeemaker was broken, and a fix was eons away. Normally, Kathy would complain quite vocally about it (Starbucks was far too expensive), but she was always willing to take it in stride if it meant someone else would be miserable.

In five minutes Dan had changed into his uniform and picked up his tools. Kathy waved as he made his way back out to the waiting room, laughing all the while at her boss' pain.

"Knock her dead, boss!"

Dan turned and pointed. "You are taking way too much pleasure in this."

If Kathy had had eyes, she would have rolled them. "We're in the business of death, Dan. Someone has to be happy."
***
She had waited long for this moment.

Countless victims had been consumed in her lust for the Dark Angel. Each had been strung up, and made to bleed, their hearts still pumping as the veins in their necks emptied blood into an antique wooden barrel. Each drop was saved, and carefully preserved, so that it would be ready for the day she would finally meet him, be with him, touch him for the first time. Oh! what exquisite ecstasy would it be, to kiss upon his lips, to know him carnally, and be the queen of his domain, the dark underworld where forlorn souls gnashed their teeth in anguish and misery.

Today, the blood had been poured out from its keep, and spread across the concrete floor of her garage. In the center was the eternally recognizable symbol of the pentagram, but this was not the only fruit of her labours. Arcane symbols stretched over the entire area of the stage, and on the walls as well, expressing a language of such mysterious misery and miserable mystery that it would be unintelligible even to her, if not for the fact that she had spent years of study and meditation in the soul-crushing darkness of the Enlightened Texts.

Only one element remained to complete her work: fresh blood, taken live from a victim pure in heart and body. Only the death of purity would attract him. Calmly, she sidled up to her offering. A young, blonde woman, held aloft by thick ropes tied around her arms and legs, struggled futilely as a knife was brought to her neck.

"It's almost time," said the woman's captor, crouching to meet her eyes. "Do you see him yet? The Dark Angel?"

The blonde said nothing. With the tip of her knife (being careful not to touch the skin), the captor prodded at the edges of the duct tape which held her mouth shut, until a corner was freed and it could be ripped off all at once. The blonde gasped for air.

"Oh God, oh God, I don't wanna die a virgin—"

"Mary Eleanor Bishop," intoned the captor, "you die by my hand, that the world will be cleansed. The Dark Angel is sated by blood, and blood alone, and he will have it the world over, when The Gates are open. Fire will rain like water, and the blood of men shall feed his eternal spirit for ages to come."

"Please don't do that."

Mary's captor rocketed upwards and turned, scuffing a still-wet patch of blood underneath her Converse sneakers. In front of her stood an anthropomorphic skeleton dressed in a black hood and carrying a scythe. She clapped her hands over her mouth. 

"The Dark Angel," she breathed. "...You're early!"

Dan gritted his teeth. "You and I need to talk about some things, Sharon."

"I've done something wrong, haven't I? Is it the Masonic runes?"

"That's not—"

"Because I tried so hard to find an accurate translation guide for the Enlightened Texts, but it's just not something you find on Google Translate, you know? And of course, then it becomes this whole thing with the library where they're like, 'No, we don't have your *Satanism books*, why is there blood on your jeans, I'm calling the cops, yadda yadda yadda..." Sharon made air quotes at the phrase "Satanism books" as though it were the most normal thing in the world to request help from the library in bringing forth Armageddon.

"Would you please—"

"And it just goes on, and on... and on! So eventually I find this forum—"

"SHARON!" Dan yelled. "Stop... talking."

Sharon blushed, drawing her hair back and tucking it behind her ear. "I'm sorry, I'm rambling. It's just so good to see you again. I... hold on."

For the past minute and a half, Mary Eleanor Bishop had been screaming uncontrollably at the sight of the Grim Reaper. Without a word, Sharon leaned down and made a small incision in the kidnapped woman's throat. This shut her up, and a single drop of blood splattered onto the floor in the center of the pentagram.

"Don't want to overdo it!" Sharon said cheerily.

"Sharon, you are not opening The Gates of Hell today."

"Which part looks wrong to you?" She gestured to a paintbrush in the corner by the stairs. "I can probably fix it before the virgin blood sets in."

"What I mean is," said Dan, his impatience growing quickly, "as I have told you, time and time again, this so-called ritual means absolutely nothing to me."

"You're sweet. But I want to—"

"NO." Dan pointed the tip of his scythe an inch away from Sharon's nose. "This ritual is *useless*. It *does nothing*. There are no Gates of Hell for you to open, there is no 'corporeal form' that I will gain, and I am certainly *not* interested in drinking human blood. The only thing you've managed to do with your killing spree is make me, the victim's families, the state police, and the FBI very, *very* upset with you. I mean, look at this mess!" Dan gestured wildly around the space. "This is the *exact opposite* of charming. And the blood will take forever to get out of my robe."

Sharon wasn't listening. She stared for a thousand yards into some dark fantasy too horrific for Dan to imagine. Behind her, another drop of Mary's blood oozed to the ground.

"You're so beautiful when you're seething with rage."

Dan groaned.

Suddenly, there was a loud banging noise at the front door. A muffled voice entered the house, amplified by a megaphone. 

"This is the police. We have you surrounded. Come out with your hands up!"

Sharon's face went white. "Oh no."

"It's about time they showed up," Dan said. "Of all the serial killers I've had to deal with, you were by far the sloppiest. It's a wonder they've taken so long."

"The pentagram! Why haven't the gates opened?" She leaned down and pressed the knife to Mary's neck again. "BLEED FASTER!"

Mary replied by screaming both expletives and cries for help. Sharon, unnerved, let the knife slip from her hand and scrambled to pick it back up. She had just gotten it back up to neck level when the garage door exploded. It fell to the ground, having been brought down by a battering ram. Standing in the now open doorway were six men in SWAT gear, and an FBI investigator who bore an uncanny resemblance to Mandy Patinkin. Sharon stood, knife pointed as one of the police ordered her to drop her weapon.

"No no *no!*" Sharon yelled. "The gates must be opened! The Dark Angel must be freed!"

"Sharon Stone," said the FBI investigator, "put down the knife. Let us help you."

His words, which oddly enough even *sounded* a bit like Mandy Patinkin, fell on deaf ears. Sharon's last words as she leapt through the air, determined to take on a half dozen fully armed policemen armed with only a Ginsu steak knife, was, *"I WILL BE QUEEN OF THE UNDERWORLD!"*
***
Sharon's ghost stood gaping as all her hard work became trodden underfoot by uniformed officers. Mary sat weeping in the back of an ambulance, surrounded on either side by her parents and two older brothers, in what would certainly be a touching scene had it been caught on camera to subsequently air at 10 P.M. Wednesdays, this fall on CBS.

Dan sighed. "Alright, I'm already late for my next appointment. Put your hands on the scythe, please."

"But..." Sharon's lips quivered. "But I failed you. The gates didn't open."

"I am... *so tired* of having to explain this to you."

"Do you still love me? Will you still take me to the depths of Hell, to be your faithful bride?"

"I am taking you *to my office* to fill out *forms.*"

Sharon placed one hand on the scythe, and gazed deeply into Dan's tired skull. "Am I still worthy to be your queen?"

"For the last time," Dan growled, as they faded from Earth to another plane of existence, *"I already have a girlfriend."*
***
***
[Visit my sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)  
[There MAY be more stories about Dan?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub/comments/41qsf4/74_a_date_with_death/)


Ive never submitted anything- and hopefully this doesn't suck as much as I think it does. 


He came in through my window, creeping slowly through the bedroom door, down the hall into the bathroom and that's when my father crumbled to the floor. 

As he left, he turned to me and that's when I caught the grey in his dark eyes. I soon fell under his spell and forgot about my poor fathers demise. 

Although it was My fathers soul, he intended to take  - he had no way of knowing that it was my love he'd awake.  

From a child to a girl, to a woman I grew and yet he never returned.  That's the moment that I knew. 

My stepfather who abused me, my mother and her lies, my brother who tortured me - everybody. everybody dies. 

My mother got the ax, my brother got the gun, my step father well - he got the chainsaw just for fun. 

As I stood in the blood of those I hated the most - the smoke slowly rolled in and in walked my ghost. 

He collected the souls that he came to take - "wait." I called to him. "Don't - don't go." My voice begins to break.

"My need for you, my want for you, my love - it grows deeper.   Everything I've done- I've done for you, please stay my darling reaper. "

"My soul is black, and my heart - well it's gone 
Stop, foolish girl. Your thoughts? They are wrong."

"But I love you." I begged 
Silence, was his reply 
"Say something.. say anything. Please." I cry. 

"Take me with you- I'll go. I can be your  queen of the dead. I'll be the beat in your heart and the warmth in your bed." 

"You kill for a love that will never exist, you pine for the dead- you beg- you persist.  I will not take you with me - and that is true - there is nothing you can say. There is nothing you can do." 

But there is one thing I have, a trick up my sleeve - a Pistol with a bullet loaded, cocked and ready, just for me.  "We will be together soon."   "Oh" he asked. "How do you figure?" That's when I put the gun in my mouth and in that moment, pulled the trigger.


It was 9:00 pm and it was the first big party of the semester. I was in my last year of psychology and I was ready to get high, drunk, and maybe even a one night stand. At around 11:30: "Bang!" and he was dead on the floor, everybody scattering around me. For some reason I was unable to move,frozen solid. He appeared out of nowhere, dressed in a black suit with a red tie. He scanned the area and took note of me, but payed me no mind. Tall with blond hair, blue eyes and a solid build, he stood next to the dead body and suddenly he opened a book, and spoke:

"Justin Walker, Age:20. You have been shot fatally because a fallout with your drug dealer. Let me introduce myself I am death, I am here to escort you to the afterlife"

"What?! I'm dead?", said Justin.

"Yes, now accompany me, this won't take long", said death.

At this point I was more curious than scared and decided to approach them.

"So you're death? Hi I'm Brittany, nice to meet you", I said.

To his surprise, he looked at me and asked "You can see me?". He opened his book again, I noticed that no matter where he opened the book it was always the page he was looking for. I walked around and took a peek at the book.

    Name: Brittany Taylor                                           Age: 21
    Height: 5'5"                                                    Hair: Brunette
    Weight: 130lb                                                   Eyes: Brown
    Notes: Baby face, Highly clairvoyant 

The notes went on, and on. Everything I ever did or said was there, I was in shock but he closed it before I could continue reading. He turned to me and said:

"It seems your can see me, due to being highly susceptible to spiritual energy, I suggest you forget what you have seen here. Me and Justin here have to be on our way"

"Wait don't go." But he dissipated into thin air, Justin still looking dazed and confused....

==

I was determined to see death, in a party around march and I carefully picked my target and took her to a secluded location. She was a heroin addict, knowing this I bought a lethal dose of fentanyl and gave it to her. For the first minute she thought it was the best thing ever and then the OD began. I didn't help her, I just watched and looked around at the person who would soon be here. There he was.

"Jennifer White, Age: 24. A lethal dose of fentanyl by..." He looked around and then he saw me.

"What are you doing?!", he said.

"I wanted to see you again and you only appear when people die"

"You thought this was the best way to see me again, what the hell?!" The spirit of Jennifer was just coming up from the body. "YOU KILLED ME?!"

"I just wanted to see death, this is the only way" She swung at me, futilely since she was just a spirit.

Death said, "Ok this is enough let's go, Jennifer"

They both dissipated in an instant. I gathered any trace of evidence I was there and left.

==

In April I decided to see him again, I just need to see him. I had gone to Miami beach with a few friends, once there I met Kendall Green. I had to improvise a way to kill her I suggested a night swim for everyone, everyone thought this was a great idea. Once out there I slowly separated us from the rest of the group, I put her in a head lock and held her underwater taking care to be as inconspicuous as I could once I knew she was dead I dragged her onshore and waited for the one I knew would come.

"Kendall Green, Age: 25. Drowned by..." And once again he looked up from his book to see me. 

"You... again? Why would you do this?"

"Don't you get it death, I'm doing this for us, you're the only one I'd kill for"

"Do you understand what you are doing? You're killing people, you are ending their lives. innocent lives just to see me! I'm death, I have no form and only do one job to escort people"

At this point I looked at the corpse, standing directly on top was Kendall, or her spirit at least, I had never seen a better expression of rage and confusion.

"You... you drowned me, I had a whole life ahead of me, I graduated this year. WHY?! I had only just met you..."

Death looked at her and then me and said "This, is what you're doing, don't let me catch you doing this again, please..."

Both disappeared from my sight, I fell to my knees and started sobbing. Everyone started to catch up to me and aghast at the sight. I just kept crying.

===

I was able to convince the police, she was drowning and I tried to help her. Seeing a weeping lady next to her friend helped sell the story. I felt bad, but more than that I felt like I needed to see him one last time, just one last time. In may, I decided to go out and look for a one night stand. That night I met Adam and followed him to his apartment. We arrived and had some wine in the kitchen, I pocketed a knife. In the bedroom he laid down on the bed and I playfully got on top. I then proceeded to grab the knife and stab it horizontally between his ribs, one big stab straight to the heart. 

"Adam Clay, Age: 19, Stabbed by...." and then he sighted...

"Death, I'm here please, I want to be with you", I said.

"Adam Clay, Let me introduce myself I am death, you have been stabbed by your one night stand." Death said as Adam emerged from the body.

"Death, please", I begged. 

"I am here to escort you to the afterlife Adam" said death.

"She killed me, that woman just killed me!" Adam yelled.

"I understand your confusion and anger, but we must be going"

"DEATH YOU CAN'T JUST IGNORE ME" I yelled almost at the top of my lungs.

Without a word they left. Disappeared, dissipated into thin air, and just like that I was alone with a corpse, crying my eyes out... again.

==

I took a shower and left, I knew my time was limited. The police would soon come find me. I had done a lot of research, into Death, The grim reaper, The shinigami, into all forms and they all shared one trait. That was the day, I used the remaining fentanyl I had gotten and decided *that* was the day I would meet him face to face. I felt like I blacked out and then like some surreal out of world experience I was standing on top of my corpse. Death just in front of me.

"Brittany Taylor, Age: 24. Death b..." 

"Death, I challenge you!" I interrupted.

"A challenge has been placed, by the rules of the realm, I hereby accept the challenge. Name your challenge and prize, note that it must be a fair challenge. Most people choose chess and a second chance at life."

"I want to be with you, forever"

"Ok, should you lose you can go to neither heaven nor hell, but I can assure you, you will be alone. Now name your challenge"

"A coin flip"

"Your are staking everything on a coin flip?"

"The way I see it, we would both have a 50% chance"

"I formally accept your challenge"

He materialized the coin out of nowhere. "Call it in the air" and he tossed it.

"Heads!" I said.

He lets it fall to the ground. It lands on tails.

"I gave it my best shot, I staked everything on being with you" I said beginning to disappear... but the last glimpses of death I had... I swear I could see a tear in his eye... "Bye".


After a while he quit showing up.

She knew he loved her back. She also knew that they could never truly be together, no matter how many people she sent to the reaping. 

It had started with those already on their way, she had just given them an extra shove in the right direction. Nursing homes became the setting for their frequent trysts, among the oxygen cylinders and frantic nurses.

Eventually the easy targets weren't enough. He couldn't do it, he said. Protocol and all that. She knew, though, if it was a truly special death, he'd have to come. And she'd make him.

That's when she decided to get creative. It almost became an art form to take a lives. She was like the Bob Ross of murder, sending one soul after the other to be greeted by Death, because everyone needed a friend or twenty.

Finally, he told her that she was disrupting the balance. That he was being forbidden from returning and that all they had together had been a lustful lie. That he would never see her again.

But she knew better.

The first infection wasn't so successful. It had spread well, but the cure was found too quickly. It took years before she had perfected the ultimate virulent bio-weapon. It was transmitted through the air and the water. Every cough and sneeze spread it so efficiently it was nearly impossible not to be exposed. The key, she thought, was the dormancy period. She knew it would spread globally within a month. It wouldn't be until then that the first inkling of a pandemic would be noticed by the global health organizations.

It took a year before 90% of the world's population was dead. They called it the New Black Plague. She called it love.

And she waited for him to appear. She went to every mass grave, hoping she might find him there. But alas, she walked an empty earth seeking a lover that was nothing but a ghost to her, now.

It seemed like she had seen almost every decaying corpse on earth before she finally saw him, standing upon a pile of bodies, his black robes flowing in the wind and the sun glinting from his scythe.

"You came," she whispered, struggling to find her balance upon the summit of the mound of flesh.

"You killed the world, my love. Just for me," he smiled as she came next to him, reaching a skeletal hand up to brush her cheek. 

"There's nothing I wouldn't do for us to be together," she said, wrapping her arms around his cloth clad rib cage and squeezing tight enough to hear his bones click in protest.

"I knew the day would come. There is but one thing left for me to do."

She leaned back and looked up into his eye sockets, tears staining her cheeks. "What is that, my love?"

"I must reap the final soul."

He shoved her backwards and reared his scythe, bringing it down in a smooth motion. Her flesh tore beneath its razor edge and she was cleaved in twain, falling into a heap among the pile.

As her astral form rose from the earth, her longing eyes looked down upon Death, her screams unheard as she was hoisted upward by an unseen force.

"Farewell, my love," Death muttered as he shattered into a million pieces, drifting into the wind like so many tar-black ashes.

And then the world was silent.


I remember the first time I saw him. It was early morning, just as the first light was leeching into the sky. I barely remember him, I was so young; only small images stand out, like grainy faded pictures. My father was dying, cancer they said in hushed tones, as if it could be summoned. I used to imagine it as a terrible tiny beast, burrowing into my father’s skin, hollowing out his eyes and making his breath wheeze. 

It was daylight when he died. Early morning. I was sleeping on our couch, tucked under my favorite flowered blanket. I remember a noise waking me, strange and choked and broken. My mother sobbing, gasping for breath like my father had. I walked in and found the family gathered around the hospice bed, no one speaking. I remember crying, not understanding why no one would look at me, not understanding why my daddy wouldn’t wake up and tell mom everything was fine, he felt fine, just like always. 

A warm pair of arms picked me and carried me to the living room. I could see him through my tears, a blurry stranger. He looked a bit like some of my father’s friends, the ones who came over to play with cards and get on my mother’s nerves. Perhaps that was why I didn’t fuss when he held me while I cried. I woke hours later to my mother gently shaking me, eyes puffy from crying. I can’t remember much of him from that time, but I do remember his eyes. They had stars in them.

I had brushed it off over the years, a product of my grief and confusion. I met him again when I was 17. My boyfriend and I had been at a bonfire with friends. We were driving back, and Josh had had a few drinks. Turns out he lied to me about how many. I was exhausted and drifting off on the way home. I woke up when my head hit the dash board of the truck.
 
I remember lying on the pavement, having no idea how I got there. There were flashing lights all around, and a man leaning over me shining a light into my eyes. I tried to find Josh, to see if he could tell me what had happened, when I saw him. He was leaning over a young woman who was resting against the steering wheel of a car I’d never seen. He looked like he was stroking her head, but he wasn’t wearing a uniform, just a weathered old jacket and jeans.
 I made a noise when I saw him, some gut deep recognition dragging it out of me. I must have passed out, because next I knew he was there, standing over me, gently pulling strands of my hair off of my face, stuck and tacky with blood. He smiled gently and kissed my forehead, the universe shining from his eyes.  

I'll continue this if people are interested!

Edit: **Part 2**

I knew after that. I knew who he was, that he wasn’t my imagination. The woman who Josh hit had died on scene, and everyone assured me that there was no one there but the police and paramedics. Oh, and Josh. He walked away with a few bruises, no girlfriend, and a lifetime criminal record for involuntary vehicular homicide. 

At the time I had been planning to go to college and pursue biology. I wanted to be a conservationist, saving the planet one badgered donor at a time. After that night I couldn’t stop thinking about him, couldn’t stop wondering about the quiet peace I found in his gaze. I changed majors and pursued medicine, graduating somewhere in the middle of the pack, securing a spot in a mediocre med school and eventually finishing my residency. 

In all that time, I was never there when a patient died. Somehow I missed it every time. I felt terrible for the anger at these blameless people for dying inconveniently and cheating me of my meeting, but I was frustrated anyway. I did a stint at an underfunded and outdated hospital after I got my coat and finally late one night I saw him again. 
I was helping in the E.R. on a horrible multi car pileup. Everyone who wasn’t actively keeping someone alive was called down. I got lost in stabilizing, CPR, IV drips and frantic calls for more blood. When I surfaced I realized almost half the people that were rushed in had died, or were DOA, but I hadn’t seen him. I remember being filled with such bitter disappointment and anger as scrubbed off the blood that had dried to my skin. 

After I changed scrubs I stepped outside for a breath of fresh air, and to check in with a few of the ambulance drivers who might know more about what had caused the unholy mess that got sent our way. It was warm still, the late July heat baking up out of the pavement, and as I walked out a puff of smoke swirled around me. I turned and there he was, leaned up against the hospital wall, smoking a cigarette. 

He wasn’t much taller than me, and was still dressed in that old jacket and faded jeans. He smiled, quiet and soft “Hell of a night we had” he said. His voice was low, like something slow and dark with just the smallest glimmer of teeth in the night. I admit, I stared like an idiot. Slack jawed and in my pink panther back up scrubs that my mother had bought me as a joke when I graduated.  “Yeah, it was a hell of a night”, I stuttered lamely. Stupidly. *Humanly*. 

His smiled widened and he nodded before strolling off across the parking lot. I finally came to my senses and rushed after him. I had no idea what I was going to say, but I never got the chance. He stepped into a puddle of shadow and never walked out.


They all watched.

The guards, standing by the door with their hands on their guns, eyes fixated on me, searching for the slightest flicker of movement.

The nurse, with the needle in her hand - and her friend, by the door.  Both were clearly uncomfortable, but just as clearly used to this kind of business.

"Are you about ready yet?" I said finally, glaring at the nurse as she dropped the clear plastic package for the third time.

"Quiet," one of the guards snapped, stepping closer.

I sighed, rolling my head over so that I could smile winningly at him.  "I'm just *asking*," I said, raising my hands the few inches I could before the restraints caught me.

"Just leave him, Greg," his friend said, still staring at me.  "Fucking sicko.  Just another few minutes."

"Sorry," the nurse said, casting a glance over her shoulder at them.  "I-I'm sorry.  I'll get started now."

They only nodded.  I frowned, the stink of rubbing alcohol sharp in my nose as she swabbed my arm.

"A prick would be enough," I said dryly.  It was true.  The more evil one committed, the more wrong they did, the more it changed them.  Physically, mentally, spiritually.  It tarnished them.

And that tarnish showed plain and clear in the blood.

"Shut the fuck up," the guard said, advancing on me again.  "I saw what you did to her.  Don't think-"

"Greg!" his friend snapped, grabbing him by the elbow.  "That's enough!"

I winced despite myself at the bite of the needle.

I understood *why* they wanted more than just a drop, of course.  The legal system wanted things to be clear, to be definitive.  It was simple enough to plant a drop of blood - and another matter entirely to besmirch an entire vein.

And yet...

The nurse's eyes widened as the syringe drew back, pulling only a clear, flawless white from my arm.

"I'll be damned," the second guard muttered, running a hand through his hair.

"No.  No goddamn way," Greg spat.  The sound of boots on the linoleum floor rang out loud.  I had a single moment to turn, bracing myself, before his fist caught me on the cheek.

"Greg!" the second guard bellowed.  I wasn't looking.  It was all I could do to stay huddled, trying desperately to shield my face from blow after blow.

"It's a trick!" Greg roared, struggling to free himself from his friend's hold.  "I *saw* her!  There's no way!"

An alarm was ringing, somewhere nearby.  I heard the sound of other voices, all yelling as they pounded into the room.

Someone was freeing the restraints from around my wrists.  I smiled.

They saw the truth of it, then.  Good.

I wasn't evil.  I hadn't murdered anyone.

---

A few hours and a mountain of paperwork later, I was on the street with a heartfelt apology from the police department and rising bruises on my face.  I took it all in stride, offering only a smile before heading on my way.

I wasn't angry.  It wasn't their fault - even Greg, there.  He was only doing what he thought best, protecting the world from a threat.  So he thought.

It was an admirable goal, if misguided.  I was hardly a threat, after all.  We were on the same side.

I chuckled, shaking my head at the thought.  What would he think, to know that we were in this together?  To know that he'd been punching his greatest ally?

Oh, she'd looked pretty enough, on the outside.  Cheerful and bright, all smiles and sunshine and butterflies.  But I'd seen through it.  They could never hide from me.  Not for long.

I'd seen the way she kicked that man, down with his cup in hand on the curb. I'd seen her sneer.

She hadn't been so pretty with blood dripping down her neck.

It wasn't wrong, I knew.  It wasn't an act of evil, to put a monster out of it's misery.

It was a service - I'd known it.  And the sight of the pure, flawless blood sliding out of my veins had been all the confirmation I needed.

The sound of someone yelling from across the street caught my attention.  I paused, half turning.

A man dragged his dog down the sidewalk, belllowing into his phone.  It stopped, sniffing at a hydrant - and the man didn't so much as pause.  He just swore loudly, lifting it off the ground by the leash and aiming a kick its way.

The sound of pained yelping rang loud in the crisp air.

I fixed the man in my mind, memorizing his every feature, every detail and line and item of clothing.

What a monster.

(/r/inorai, critique always welcome!)

Edit since I'm getting lots of comments on it xD - I've watched a grand total of I think 2 episodes of Psycho-Pass, back in college (years ago).  So, any similarities are definitely cool, but not intentional :)


"She did it, damn it!" Detective Patel shouted, slamming his fists down on the cheap plywood desk, causing computers and coworkers alike to jump.

"Hey, Nikhil, calm down," his partner, Sergei Kordev warned him in his thick Ukrainian accent. "Claire submit blood. It clear. She did not do it."

Nikhil jabbed a finger at the screen. "Something's wrong, can't you see it? She was the only one who could have done it. No defensive wounds on the vic, they were alone, and she ran for four days! If she was innocent, why run?"

"The girl was probably scared," detective Kordev shrugged. "Her boyfriend was killed in front of her. She didn't know what to do."

"Most scared people go to the police," Nikhil muttered, pacing across the floor.

"You wouldn't if you were a black girl caught in an isolated cabin with a body and enough drugs to kill a rhino," sergeant Jackson interrupted, walking in with her first coffee of the night shift. "Good evening, boys."

"Sarge," Sergei acknowledged.

"If they had the drugs, why was her blood so clear? That's a sure crime! Her blood is too white - has she never lied or cheated on anything in her entire life?" detective Patel demanded.

"Blood doesn't lie," Sergei grunted, opening another case file. "Makes the job very easy, no? Boyfriend probably was selling them without her know. Knowing. His blood, not so clear, right? Maybe upset customer, gets in close before he realizes?"

"And stabs him almost forty times before he dies? No way. He would have had to be asleep or high to not defend himself. Did we get a tox screen back?"

"Ease up, Patel," Sgt. Jackson warned him. "Isabelle was on her vacation when the case came in, she'll run it when she gets back. It's not like we rely on forensics very much."

Nikhil sighed, slumping down into his chair and leaning back. He ran a hand through his tousled hair and looked up at the ceiling. 

"Okay, picture this."

Sergei sighed heavily, and Sgt. Jackson rolled her eyes towards the heavens.

"Just hear me out," Patel huffed. They quieted, and he continued. "Imagine you're Claire. You've got this jackass of a boyfriend - sells drugs, runs guns, almost certainly beats her based on those bruises - a total deadbeat who has never held down a real job or even finished school. If you're completely pristine, milk-white blood, why are you clinging to this guy? Did he have something on her? How long does it take you to push back?"

The sergeant shrugged. "Love is blind. Still doesn't explain the blood proving her innocence."

"Love is stupid," Sergei corrected, rubbing an old wedding band. "But the sergeant is right. Blood is proof."

"But it's not," Nikhil cried out, frustrated. "What if she faked the test?"

"I administer test," detective Kordev growled.

"Some sort of injected fluid under the skin of her finger?"

"I verify with mouth sample, from gum," Sergei replied. "Clair would be very dead if she fill her body with embalming fluid."

"Maybe it's some sort of genetic mutation. Animal blood doesn't change colour."

"You're going to go up to a judge and tell him that a black girl is an animal," Sgt. Jackson asked, narrowing her eyes.

"It's - I - That's not what I meant, Sergeant," Nikhil stuttered.

"Uh huh," the nonplussed officer nodded.

"Sergeant?"

The discussion was interrupted by a young officer, still a rookie. Nikhil couldn't place the name of the tall, dark haired woman off the top of his head.

"Some officers picked up a Claire Tyler after a botched bank robbery. Seems the hostage takers grabbed her and then tried to blame it on her."

"Keep her in holding!" detective Patel shouted, grabbing his coat and badge. Sighing, his partner followed.


The shop bell jingles quietly as I push open the door. The inside of the small, shack-like building is dusty, and the air is permeated with the smell of mildew and dried blood, indistinguishable from one another. Weapons- large, small, mechanical, magical, and every other sort- line the wall. I walk to the counter and ring the bell three times.

"Corbin, that better not be you." A deep growl echoes from the back room.

"Hey, hey, arms-dealer-o-mine!" I shout cheerfully. There's a pause, and then Argus comes out, covered in oil. His face, shrouded in a wild beard, surveys me impassively.

"Why are you here, Corbin?" He smirks.

"I need a weapon!" I say. "Pretty standard mercenary requirements."

"I get it, you make more money than me." He grumbles. There's a a pause, and the two of us stare at each other. "What do you need?"

"Fireball shooter." I say, checking a list that I pull from my pocket. "Standard strength specs, but I need a rapid fire modification."

"That's gonna cost you."

"How much?"

"Call it... eight grand." 

"Five." 

"Bullshit." Argus slams his hand on the table. "It'll cost me more than that just to get the parts to make the modification."

"Let me rephrase." I say lightly. Argus pauses, and it's the pause that gives me all the time that I need. I pull my dirk from its sheath and, with a simple flick, grab Argus's arm and pull it towards me, positioning the dirk directly over his wrist.

Argus stares at me. "Blood doesn't lie." He hisses.

"Interesting." I say mildly. I release his arm, and, staring into his eyes, prick my finger with the tip of the dirk. A drop of blood, white as milk, forms at the tip of my finger. Argus watches, hypnotized, as it falls onto the counter.

"I'm a freak, Argus." I say, so softly it almost becomes a whisper. "I've seen shit that would make you melt down. My blood is pure white, it doesn't matter how many people I kill."

"You're lying." He hisses. His voice shakes slightly as he watches the white blood run down my fingers.

"Want me to prove it?" I look straight at him. Never let the other party see you blink- first rule of power plays.

"You're a monster."

"Granted." I spin the dirk. "But monsters get made. Maybe you should try treating people a little better on the whole, Argus."

"How did you find out?" He asks.

"Killed my stepdad." I shrug. "Drew my blood, came out white." There's a long silence as I polish the knife on my shirt. "Anyways."

I sheath the knife and look up at Argus and smile. 

"Give me the modifications for free and I'll let you live."

"Fair enough." He grimaces. 

"Pleasure doing business with you." I spin and walk from the shop, the door slamming behind me.

Outside on the street , the rain has begun to fall. I stare up into the clouds, allowing the water to run down my face and into my eyes. 

"*Corbin?*"

"Here." I say instantly, pressing my finger to my earpiece.

"*We've got a situation- it's about a kilometer from you. Looks like a violent crime of some kind, but the authorities aren't letting us get much closer.*"

"On my way."


Trent had to admit it was a shame that such desperate pleas
fell on deaf ears. But regardless, he had to go through with the murder of Ms.
Winthrow. The inheritance was too great, and her death too far away. 

Trent was eventually caught and promptly tested. For how the
corpse was found his blood should’ve been darker than the heaviest of winters.
But as they cut a small incision of his arm, out popped blood whiter than snow.
Even Trent was trying to hold back his surprise. They were nearly positive he
was the culprit, but the test proved otherwise. The blood has never lied, why
would it now?

Destruction and misery just seemed to follow Trent whenever
he went after such an revelation. They tried and tried again to convict him,
but it was just the same result. Test, clear, released. 

Eventually however, Trent got a little too over his head. He
made some drug deal he really couldn’t keep up with, and let’s just say a lot
mobsters were a bit miffed. 

Despite Trent doing his best to avoid capture, he would soon
find himself tied up in an abandoned warehouse. His cries were almost as pained
as Mr. Winthrow, but sadly mercy was no longer an option. 

In the next hour, Trent was no more. 

The mobsters looked around the body, proud of their work. As
in tradition, they all shared a couple droplets of Trent’s blood in sort of a
twisted remembrance of their victim. 

As a few weeks later, they were apprehended for an unrelated
crime. That same test was completed but were never found guilty. 

Their blood too, was crystal clear. 

/r/StoryStar


Charles whistled as he looked through the stolen wallet in his hand. The number of cards this person had plus cash was staggering. The idiot even had his pin number scratched into the front of the card. It would not take long to safely empty out this person's life savings. Cautiously, Charles took a small knife and slashed along his arm lightly. Clear white liquid oozed from it, causing him to breathe a sigh of relief before he carefully left the scratch alone. 

A few hours later in the safety of his home, he pressed on the scratch again. Again, clear white blood. 

He smirked as he began to contemplate his good fortune. He began pushing the limits more and more. He broke into a mansion and made off with family jewelry and saw his blood still that same reassuring clear white. He broke into a gamer's house and made off with their computers, monitors, the works. Later he checked his blood again and grinned.

It was not long before he began to make a name for himself. Committing crimes people wanted for the highest bidder. And his blood always kept him in the clear, literally. It was not long before the FBI showed up on his front doorstep. He raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms. "What is this?" he scowled.

"There was an attack at an investment firm earlier today. The cameras caught your face. We're here to take you in."

"I'm innocent," he said with a sneer as he pulled up his long sleeve, revealing his arm. He sliced into it easily, causing the agents to gasp at the result.

They left shortly after. Blood was the ultimate truth of the world after all. No one could be convicted of anything if their blood was that clear white. Charles always would keep a careful eye on his body though. He let the scratches heal and every crime he checked his arm. He would never want to be a victim of the blood law of the world after nearly being caught *again*.


When I saw the clean white blood fill up the syringe I could barely contain myself. Which was problematic as my life was on the line. I was able to stifle the look of shock but a smile involuntary crept across my face. Of course this was just interpreted me as being happy to have my name cleared. But only I knew the truth, the truth that I did murder that guy and now; apparently, I was the only one who could get away with such acts. The sick glee that filled me was a feeling I had never felt before. The court said they were sorry and must have been mistaken. They sent me loose with a cup of coffee for my troubles. I was jubilant! My mind raced at all the possible crimes to commit with my lily white blood as my saving alibi. They must have used a huge needle to draw my blood because hours later it was still oozing! And the bruise! It looked like I lost a boxing match with a robot. It crept all the way up my arm and across my shoulder.

Now, the most logical next step was some robberies. Of course my blood would always sing my innocent praise but I could still be seen! So I cruised around some random neighborhoods and scoped out the scene. Staying away from houses with security cameras and dogs I narrowed down my targets. Then it was only a matter of determining who lives there, when they leave and how long they’re gone for. I felt like a kid in a candy shop. So many professionals leaving their expensive belongings for 8 hours at a time, it was hard to wait to the right time to strike. All this sneaking around had me exhausted. And I mean like really, really exhausted. I was drained. But I couldn’t let that slow me down! The world had just been served to me on a silver platter.
Finally I had picked my first target. I watched the single occupant leave for his daily activities and made my move as soon as he was out of sight. Through my observations I discovered a key hidden beneath a false rock. Non-criminals are such fools! I easily keyed in and took in the spread, I was gonna be able to fence this stuff for more money than I made in years. But the second I started to cross the threshold I felt a sensation in my nose! Blood! I was bleeding that white stuff all over me, and it was really coming out. I managed to keep all my DNA on my person but I had to get out of there. Can’t let forensics ruin my new power. I decided to go home for a rest and would resume my criminal enterprise in the morning.

The night was long and terrible. I slept very little, tossing and turning constantly and sweating profusely no matter how cold I ran the AC. I was hot and had chills so I knew I was definitely coming down with something. My fever was so hot I burnt my hand touching my forehead. My new superpower would have to wait, I needed to rest. Well, when 5 days later I was still sick and getting worse I decided to see a doctor. I could afford one when I was better and stealing my way through the state. At the doctors they immediately drew blood, that familiar white blood immediately filling up the syringe. The doctor gasped. Apparently white blood is a symptom of leukemia…


**Part 1**

My brother laid in a pool of crimson blood. He had stolen the heirloom that I inherited from my dad after he had died in the war. 

“It’s a shame he liked me more, Mason. You just couldn’t take being player 2.”

He coughed up a large amount of blood as I towered over him. He attempted to spite me even though he knew he was defeated.

“You know damn well you were never meant to have that amulet, John.”

“Who will stop me, Mason? Our dad? He’s dead, and not even the law will stop me from my birthright.”

I pulled out my knife and eviscerated his neck, tearing through his flesh. His dark crimson blood flowed from the wounds.  He finally collapsed, and his breathing ceased.

I almost felt bad, but I realized that there wasn’t a way to get it back without killing him. I worried that the police would easily connect my brother’s death to me. I decided that I 
wouldn’t worry about what happened to me, I had my heirloom that was promised to me.

A few days later I noticed news reports of the death of my brother. They said that they would be investigating what happened and who could’ve been responsible. Not long after I heard a hard knock on my door. 

Part 2?
I’m on mobile, so I’ll continue once I get home.


"You're free to go," they said. Confused, I look over at the vial, expecting a dark red, but instead, it was full of perfectly white blood. My mind is racing. Why wasn't it darker? I know that I'm guilty, and that I should be being rushed into a top-security police vehicle on my way to trial. But I do know one thing. I have to leave before I mess things up by talking, so I get up, sign out, and go home. I lay on my bed, dizzy and overwhelmed. I process things over in my mind, realizing that I can probably get away with other things, but I'll still have to be careful. I decide that I need to relax before I should do anything else, so I pull out my phone and scroll through Reddit. Inspired, I go to r/WritingPrompts, and begin to lazily type a post: "[WP] Humans blood gets darker the more evil we do. One day you are suspected of murder, they draw your blood to test if you are truely a murderer. You blood is a clear white. You realize that you can get a way with almost everything now, seeing as to how you actually did commit the murder." I hit enter, and suddenly, I am overcome with a tingling sensation. I look down, and watch as my veins turn black. I have committed the worst sin known to man. Instead of typing "Your blood is a clear white," I typed, "You blood is a clear white." I have made a spelling mistake.


"I can't believe it!" seemed to be the common sentiment. That seemed plain enough, though there also seemed to be an underlying thought that this perfect system had a crack in it.  

The system was perfect, they simply misunderstood how it worked, and I was in no hurry to correct them.  

"Try again!" protested the prosecutor, Jones. I had gotten to know him quite well over the last six months. There was evidence of my crimes, he said, and the 'Grand Test' would be the lock on my jail cell. The same man now was as white as the blood they'd pulled.  

The legal system is founded on the fact that as one commits acts of evil, that this evil somehow marks itself in one's own blood, making it a little darker than before. This was taken to be as basic as the Law of Gravity and heralded as the ultimate test of innocence. If all other evidence points to guilt, and yet the blood is untainted, or even a clear white (as is the blood of newborns), then there must be another explanation that painted one as innocent.  

I knew better though. I knew that, just as the world is not flat, that there was more to this rule. Even the speed of light can be worked around, what then?  

My research into the cases tried had confirmed, initially, much of the public perception. The drawn blood was indeed darker, corresponding to the heinousness of the crime. However, I noticed one odd circumstance which led me down my path.  

It was the case of Moira Gatley, whom most know from the news, the genocidal Prime Minister of the UK. Unbeknownst to even her own people, she had overseen the brutal murder of several thousands of men, women and children who had come across the Channel, in an attempt to escape the French war. That nation was in turmoil ever since its invasion of Spain, to "curb the tide of pensée indésirable". I won't bore you with how the war was resolved, but it was in that aftermath that she was arrested and her blood tested. It was darker than sin, to be sure, however, from the photographic evidence provided, it was much less so than that of Franco XII, who as you may know, was also a slaughterer of "degenerado" but in his case, he spared women and children (though I imagine this was small comfort to those who lost a father, brother, husband or son). Since the cases were many decades apart, it is no wonder this hadn't been noticed earlier. In human timelines, decades can be long enough, though not for nature.  

This made me think of the 'Law of Blood' as not a straight line, but as something else entirely. The thought drove me mad with its implications, I had to test it! I set about at night, starting only with those who would not be missed by the law abiding, but still helpless. Prostitutes were a natural target, but they weren't my only ones. The homeless, and beggars were also targeted. I had learned how to dispose of the bodies exceptionally well, and having access to the University, I could also furnish myself with all the necessary supplies at a moment's notice. This went on for well past ten years, every day a new casualty, but only those who no one would care to notice.  

When I was finally caught, as I had mentioned in my public statement, I was innocent. I knew what the test would show, as I had taken samples of my own blood and catalogued the trend in its shade. The test, as I have mentioned, shows me as innocent as current law demands.  

I do not deserve to be free, though I do deserve the recognition. In these pages enclosed, I have catalogued all my steps and all my research, and I have proven conclusively that the Law of Blood is not a straight line, but a circle.  

- Jack


A glimmer of sweat ran down from my eyebrow as they drew the blood from my arm. The small prick that could lead to life behind bars, or walking away from it all was about to enter my skin. And I didn’t know which one it was going to be. This better work, I thought to myself as the nurse prepared the small vials. I shifted a bit in my seat, glancing around at the bright white walls surrounding me. My sentence or release was a mere minute away. I felt a sting in my arm. The nurse had started. As much as I wanted to know, I had to look away. Even if my freedom was on the line, I still couldn’t stand the sight of blood. I waited a few seconds, and suddenly I felt the needle pull out. It was over. What now? Before I had a chance to react, I felt the straps came undone that had been over me. “You’re good to go,” The nurse said. A rush of euphoria filled me as I began to stand up. I did it. I am the first person to get away with murder in over thirty years. I acted cumbersome as I stumbled out of the hospital. Left and right police were apologising to me, and I couldn’t help but trip over my words as I walked free. I exited the hospital, and it was there that I remembered what I had to do now. I was in debt. My stomach dropped.

Two weeks after my release- The dye had worked according to plan, and I was back to living my normal life. Things were simple. I made my meals, did my chores, and went to work. Still, in the back of my mind, I knew things would soon change drastically. I also knew that in exchange for that dye, I had also sold my life. It was worth it. There’s no telling what would have happened to me in prison. See, since they can check a person’s blood, and determine their guilt 100%, that person becomes worthless to them. They mangle, torture, and starve them with no remorse. All a prisoner is, is the crime they committed. I checked my watch, 1530. I was supposed to meet my dealer that night.


The girl drummed her fingers on the table. Her cuffs made a little noise, as they shifted through the bracket on the table. She was looking directly at the detective sergeant sitting opposite her. He shifted in his seat.

"I didn't do it." 

He cleared his throat.

"Miss, we found you on the scene, holding a knife, covered in his blood. We know you did it, we just need your motive - we should be able to get you a lesser sentence - pretty young thing like you, I'm sure you can give the jury something, right?"

Her green eyes captured his, until he blinked and looked away, and she smiled.

"You want a confession. You think I did it, and you want me to confess. Now why would that be? I wouldn't want to guess," her left hand strayed to the back of her right, where she absently fingered the police issue IV port, "but I suspect that your superiors want you to look for another suspect, because my blood is whiter than snow. Am I right? Because I won't confess. I didn't do it."


She rubbed her wrists as they released her, and made a beeline for the nearest public toilets.

She shut the door, jamming it shut with a wad of cloth, and made her way to the mirror.

"You have to be more careful, sister! It was luck alone that we were able to flip before they arrived on the scene. What happened to the plan? Only indulging when we won't get caught? I don't want to get the fucking noose just because you wanted to cut a man to ribbons for smiling at us!"

She paused, then sighed dramatically.

"I chose to stop you from moving on after father throttled you in your bed, that doesn't mean I'm any more okay with murder than I was when you drowned our cat!"

She growled under her breath at the mirror.

"Well, maybe mother had a point! You were no less rotten than father was!"

She swore, and punched the mirror. White blood dripped from her fist.

"His love was worse than his hate, *sister*"

In the stall behind her, there was a quiet whimper, as though someone had scarcely held in a scream, when the glass had shattered.

"We have an eavesdropper, sister. You'd better clean up..."

She shut her eyes, and opened them again. Her eyes sharpened, the affection draining from them. She reached behind her for a shard of the broken mirror, and stepped towards the cubicle.

"Oh, sister, two in one day? Truly, you spoil me." 

The shard cut her palm as she gripped it, and blood black as pitch spattered on the floor, mixing with the white.


My daddy had the same thing:  no matter how many times he beat Momma bloody, his blood pulled white, and Momma served a few days for the black eye Daddy always made me give him.  Momma died by jumping off a train.  Her blood was plain old red, the same color every average jerk pulled in an average lifetime, though maybe a little pinker than some.

It looked to me like a half-ripe tomato from the grocery store I worked at.

"Emma Jo!" my manager, Mike, called from the other side of produce not long after my boyfriend and his hussy disappeared.  "Come to my office."

I nodded, as usual, and piled up the last few Momma's-blood tomatoes (as I've called them since I got my job).  This wasn't my first bullride.  Hell, if not for Daddy and his fucked up genes, they'd have caught me after my cousin turned up in the quarry outside town with her man-stealing face imprinted with my bumper.  But nope, I was clean as falling snow--never mind that we don't get snow this deep in Georgia.

Wiping my hands on the butt of my jeans, I went to have another sit-down with Mike.  Turned out he had buddies.

"Emma Jo Forsythe?"  A plain clothes cop--I can sniff 'em miles out--stood from one of Mike's cheap plastic chairs.  The cop held out his hand, and under the flickering fluorescent bulbs, it looked like something crawling from a grave.  It was chilly, too, and I kept our shake short.  "Detective Tom Creek, this is Lieutenant Rachel Roth.  We'd like to talk to you."

"Did you find out something about about Robbie?"  I sat down.  The chair creaked under my ass.  "Is he okay?"

"I actually want to ask you about a feller named Jason Forsythe.  Sound familiar?  He made a plea deal with the Boulder County DA after he got charged regarding an arson spree.  Life in exchange for information concerning an awful lot of bodies down here."

A little wobble of fear started in my guts, like I had a minute yet to get to the john to puke.  Still, I blinked, no sweat, no flush, nothing but a good, church-goin' lady with a streak of bad luck.

"That's my daddy.  He'd never do that.  He hates fire.  He get pulled?"

Lieutenant Roth pulled out an old-style video tape.  I swallowed.  Could have murdered a cold lemonade right then.  Mike turned it over in his hands a few times, a funny look on his face, like he'd chewed on stinging nettles and couldn't quite believe they weren't candy.  With a final squint, he shoved it in the VCR he kept for security tapes.  Detective Creek sat next to me and pulled his chair around to look me in the eye.

"Your daddy pulled white despite being caught on camera and havin' nearly a dozen witnesses.  Turns out, he's got a real rare mutation.  Keeps him pure as a spring morning."

I nodded.  So they brought a video of Daddy getting caught.  Not my problem.  I just had to lie low a while.  Keep clean, mourn my Robbie, cheating bastard that he was.  Roth nodded to Mike, who pressed play.

Lunch rose in my craw as I saw myself, not Daddy.  It was a good video, despite me checking all around for cameras.  Those goddamn tiny digital security cameras!  I should have known.  I watched as I tossed bags in a dumpster--well-wrapped ones, like pieces of meat in the butcher's department.  Robbie and his slut.

Sweat prickled my forehead.  Lieutenant Roth took out a pair of cuffs and stood me up.  "Emma Jo Forsythe, you are arrested on suspicion of the murders of Robbie White and Alandra Lewis.  Anything you say, and the color of your blood, may be held against you in a court of law...."


Once the science nerds had figured out how souls worked or whatever it became an easy trick to judge people based on how "pure white" their blood was. Cops would bring in all the suspects to a crime and test em, one by one. Some, they'd let go, most they ended up keepin on account of how "dirty" their blood tested. Most folks run somewhere north of magenta, those are your everyday, run of the mill, liars and cheats, adulterers and the like. School children apparently can run closer to a pinkish hue. Everybody does something shitty from time to time, and there's proof now, but not for me.

I got pulled in for some local burglaries when I was a kid, but I always tested out clean. So I figured they must of glitched something up then, but as I got older I'd get pulled in for more serious stuff, that I definately had done mind you, and still I got off scott free. So I started to get kinda close to this mob tough around town, and he says to me one day, "Eh, Tommy, I hear you's can get away wit just about murda..." blah blah blah, type stuff. So I tell him I dont know why it is, but I the cops can't ever pin anything on me. I dont really know why, but hey I'm not complaining.

So long story short, I got in with the big boss Sinclair. He gets me doing all kinda stuff for him. One day he asks me to do this guy in, you know. So that's what I just got out for. I cant explain it, but I put two rounds in his skull, blood is cleaner than a nuns skirt. We got a doc working for us that says my blood basically tests white. That is some sort of anomaly I guess. It's basically showing that I've never done a soul harming thing in my whole life. The great thing is no matter what I do I'll get away with it. 

That is what brings me here to you, in this stinking podunk little shithole of a town you got. I don't know how much police science they got out here. Even if your cops don't know how to test guilty blood out, they sure do in federal court. So I'm not worried one bit about cleaning the inside of your ears with this here 9mm. So let me ask you again, are these restrooms for customers only, or can I help myself?


That rendered me innocent. Jury decided, case closed. I walked out the court room a free man. 

Upon arriving to my apartment I looked at myself in the mirror. I had killed one person, one. This faulty blood system could potentially make thousands of murder victims never get justice, ever.

I could turn myself in, tell them the ministry is wrong about their studies on the human blood. I could? I have to. This is more important than me, this is bigger.

After the genetic alteration that makes our blood darker the forensic department has gotten lazy. Thousands of convicts were found guilty because of their blood. Bad thing is that some of those men were innocent, blood had turned black because of previous actions. After the blood darkens, it never clears up again. 

Some college student got the death sentence after being found guilty of murder. Turns out the kid was innocent, police found the culprit two years later after he confessed to other murders and they found a match with the past murder. Turns out the kid had thousands of songs, movies, games porn and other things illegally downloaded to his phone and according to the ministry of law that's enough to darken the blood. 

What if other people had experienced the same as I? What if I'm the only one with the morality of even thinking of turning myself in? Could be... We are the generation of the changing blood anyway, not too many of us that are old enough to go to jail yet. My older brother doesn't have changing blood, and he's only 8 years older than me. Changing blood is a thing that didn't start until too long ago. 

That's it, I hit the table and picked up the phone, I dialed my lawyer. 

Phone starts ringing. 

Yeah, this *is* for the best. Countless convicts will be free to go after everyone finds out this whole changing blood thing is a hoax, that it doesn't work for everyone. Yes, I won't be a hero, I killed a person. But I will bring light to this subject and many will be freed and many will find justice. This is for the bes--

"hello? Mr. Johnson? Great outcome today in court! I thought we had said everything there was to be said afterwards, though. Anything bothering you, son?" 



"hello, Mr Johnson?" 



"uhh, no it was Mr. Johnson, I think he pocket dialed me" 

Fuck. Fuck. 

Got a call from dad, he didn't go to the trial since he's outta state. 

Oh I knew it wasn't you I knew it couldn't be you he said, I just responded with mh-hm and uhuh. 
I told him I loved him he responded the same. Told him I had to go. 

Maybe... Maybe it's the right thing... To not turn myself in. This event brought the family together anyway. In a negative way, sure, but now it's a positive. Dad's talking to my uncle again, my dad talked to me in the most positive way in years, coursins I hadn't heard from in forever all  stayed at dad's to probably watch the trial together... Maybe it's for the best. Maybe I'll wait until the next guy finds out.


"So... uh, yes. That proves it, right there!" Said the man, elated at the shining white blood in the tube as the physician pumped it. "Totally innocent. In fact, SUPER innocent."

The officers behind the clear glass window stood in amazement. 

"...White." One said, under his breath. The others around him began to murmer. What does it mean? If it means that, then what about the fingerprints? The GPS logs? They began to squabble, finally the chief raised his hand to silence the group.

"I can't say I've ever witnessed something like this, officers. Not ever. But I do know that, in our land, the law states that the dark blooded are the guilty. And seeing that this man's blood is indeed not dark..." He sighed. "There is nothing I can do."

There was a quiet moment as the physician left the sampling room with his blood sample. Inside, the man began to laugh gutterally, cackling even. His eyes gleamed with a ferocious and maniacal intent, boiling over within. The chief felt a chill run down his spine. The physician returned to the observation room with his chart and sample, adjusting his glasses.

"I guess this clears him of all doubt, then. Weird, too, because when you brought him in I had him pegged as a baddie. Kept freaking out before I did the draw, and afterwords kept saying 'I can't believe it, I can do anything I want' under his breath."

"Is it possible there's been some mistake? Perhaps he's had some sort of transfusion? Cheated the system?"

"Nope, the test is pretty conclusive. He's an innocent man, sure as sample says."

"But what if we're wrong? What if he really did do these terrible murders and we're powerless to stop him? What if he's a hellbent freak and our only means of justice lies behind a veil of bureaucratic madness?" Asked the chief.

Tears streamed down the face of the man in the cell as he laughed, pointing finger guns at the glass and blasting over and over in jubilation.

"Idunno. Not my job. Innocent." Said the physician. "Still, with a white blood cell count like this high, he's stage 4 with some terrible thing or other. I'd give him about 2 days."

Inside the booth the mad cackle gave way suddenly to a deep and fluid coughing fit. For a moment he composed himself, swallowing it down. "Whew, feeling a little light headed, haha!" He noted. "Wooo!"


Sometimes Quinn heard about people who believed that everyone, from the pure-hearted spirituals to the devil himself, had clean white blood -- that the police and doctors and the Commander made up the darkness as a clever ruse to keep everyone in line. 

Generally, Quinn knew better than to consider such wild conspiracies. A dark heart couldn't pump pure blood -- not without contaminating it.

Today the thought haunted Quinn. Today lots of things were haunting Quinn.

Especially yesterday.

--

"Allison..." Quinn's voice was urgent and pleading, and halfway through the word it broke, squeaking like an adolecent's. Pathetic. But they both knew that Quinn was desperate, so hopelessly in love with her.

Allison had clenched her jaw -- no, more than just her jaw, really. Every muscle in her body tightened as she ever-so-gently placed the steak knife on the counter between them. Quinn expected her to ask, in the same sweet tone that she always used, why Quinn was here, trying to win her back again. Instead, she spat out a "What do you want?" The venom in her voice was as clear as the neediness in Quinn's.

Quinn's laugh was nervous and high-pitched. Allison's hostility was surprising, and a little frightening. "I just want you to feel better -- happier, more trusting, you know." You're sick, Allison. Even if neither of us will say it directly.

Allison grabbed the knife again, which startled Quinn, and then she tried to stab it into the marble countertop, but she didn't even scratch the surface.

"See, Ally?" You're sick. You're sick and it's making you violent.

Allison had sighed. "I'm fine. You just..." She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, clenching her fists and letting out a small shriek. "Ugh, you just," she paused, turned, hurled the knife across the room, away from both of them, "you think he's a god or something. He isn't." She spoke the blasphmy so softly. Almost defeatedly.

"But the Commander IS God -- to you and me, at least."

Her face twitched. She clentched her jaw again. "Just get out."

Quinn didn't leave, spirit stirred up by a different love. "No, I want to help you see the truth. Do you know how black the blood of a traitor is? It's the same shade as a murderer's." Quinn forced another laugh. "And I love you, but your blood is as dark as a criminal's. I just want to help."

Allison froze. "No, Quinn. If you love me, then you'll go."

Quinn was the first one to make a move for the knife, but had to move around the counter, so Alison reached it a half-second sooner. Quinn was strong enough to rip it out of her grasp without much trouble. Pinning her to the ground proved to be a bit tricker, because the damned girl kept screaming and squirming and clawing and resisting, but there was nothing she could do to stop Quinn.

"I love you, Allison. This is for your own good, okay? Once you see what you're doing to yourself -- I mean, corrupting your own blood with these traitorous thoughts -- I think you'll be able to get better. And I'll support you the whole way. Okay? The first step is the hardest."

The first cut with small. It bled white. Allison called him a bastard.

The second cut, which Quinn deemed necessary after the first proved faulty, bled white.

"It's white blood, you bastard! I'm innocent."

Quinn stabbed her in the abdomenom next, confused as to why her blood wasn't dark. Maybe a larger sample was needed. Allison was screaming, thrashing, but Quinn didn't notice.

Quinn stabbed her again. Again. Again. Then slit open her arms, did not hear her pleas for mercy. 

Finally, finally, Quinn had to know.

"I love you, Ally. This is for your own good, okay?"

Quinn cut open the lover's chest, peered through the deep wound and tried to find her heart. Quinn saw bones and blood and insides, but not darkness. It was probably buried deep.

--

When the police came, the first thing they did was take Quinn's blood.

It was exactly as dark as a traitor's blood -- as dark as Allison's.

"Okie-dokie, Quinn. This looks good to go. We'll send it up for testing just to be sure that you haven't pulled a fast one on us, but you're free to leave for now. We'll get the confirmation notice in about a week."


"I SAID, TEST HER AGAIN!" the red-faced Det. Roco rocks the room with his explosive demand, "NO ONE is that clean.  NO ONE."

I am trying my damnedest to contain myself.  Going from certain doom to jubilation in the split second of a syringe doing its work... it's more powerful than any drug that I have ever taken... and I have tried them all.

Roco and his flaring nostrils are interrupted when the door swings open and a messenger delivers a few quiet whispers that froze Roco's bulging red face. It makes me wonder if HIS blood also suddenly turned clear white.

"Please excuse us," the messenger tells me as she gets everyone out of the room, "your lawyer will be with you in a minute."

My what?  I don't have the cash for that.  If he tries to screw me like the last guy, I am NOT going to hold back this time.

The door opens again and a... woman?  NO. I'm not surprised by the gender, but... her face... her skin color... she looks closer to that skeleton from biology class than a person.  She walks... almost floats... to her seat opposite mine and smiles at me.  No words.  She just watches me with a stiff corporate smile.

"What're you staring at?  I don't usually do women, but for the right price, I can accomodate."  I'm lying of course.  I love female clients.  Negotiation skill!  Woop woop!

She chuckles, then cracked voice flows out of her mouth, "So lively!  I love it..." she pauses and checks me out again before continuing, "Tell me.  What do you want out of life?  What is the one thing you will give everything to acquire?"

"That's easy!" my whole-life's worth of day dreaming has prepared me for the ultimate answer, "I want a triple platinum card with unlimited credit that I never need to pay back."

"Fantastic.  I have just the thing," she places a card on the table.  Dargcion Corp?  The one that owns everything on this side of the country?  "No one will say no to this card.  I will take care of all charges."

"Uh... Wait... I thought this was a joke."  I pick up the card to examine it.  ALWAYS check the merchandise.  I have seen 3x Plat card only once back when I was younger.  It's got that same expensive nana-tech or whatever on it.  I put my thumb on it and... it sync!  The card is mine now.  Mine alone.  This is too real.  Too easy.  "What's the catch?"

"Dargcion Blood Certification isn't just for criminal investigation.  It can also identify humans destined for greatness.  Humans like you are uniquely qualified to be my personal assistant.  That card is your payment, you may use it however you like.  Do we have a deal?" she extends her hand toward me... pale and skinny with glossy red nail extensions.

"Personal assistant huh?"  Well... I am in a police investigation room full of sensors and cameras.  Is she really going to scam me here?  Never thought I'd be a wage slave but... maybe I can just have my fun and quit later.  Worst case scenario, I will cash in on my runner friend's tab to extract me.  Oh hell... my blood is clear white!  I can just snap her skinny neck when nobody is looking.  "It's a deal!"  

I grab her hand... and damn... cold as ice.  Wait... her hand is getting... colder... and colder...  "Ok...?"  I try to pull my hand back but... she's not letting go!  Her nail extensions digs into my skin and her hand starts to grow... SCALES?

"OUCH!!!  I change my mind!  No deal!  Let go!" I form my other hand into a fist and send it straight to her... scaly face.  It is caught by her other hand... no...  by her CLAW.  "What the hell, woman... uh... whatever you are!  I thought i'm your personal assistant.  Is this how you treat employees?"

"Relax," her voice is different now... less cracked... more hiss, "you should feel honoured that your pure essence is liberated from that dirty vessel and joined eternally with Alessandria.  All transactions are final I'm afraid.  I've made sure of that."

What the hell!?  THAT 10,000 year old bitch CEO of Dargcion?  Damn it!  I never got to use my fracking triple platinum!  I KNOW the number one rule of the Sixth World, but she cheated!  She never told me she was a dragon!


*”W…h…y?”* She gurgled out, spilling blood onto my lap. Looking into my eyes like a pet being euthanized, she knows what’s going on but doesn’t know why. 

I stay silent, after all it’s an emotional moment… killing someone.

I stroke my hand through her hair, holding her in place. Her body twitches as she struggles against the paralysis medication I dosed her with before I slit her throat. I wait with her until she is gone, it’s the least I can do. I’m *not* a monster. I feel bad for doing this. But she uttered those three stupid words…

*I love you*. 

Peter Pan was right, growing up sucks. The concept of love is drilled into us in our teenage years. Society telling us how wonderful it is to be in love, grow up, and gain new freedoms as you age. I watched my parents grow old, and they didn’t look like they loved each other. They fought, argued, and wasted time together watching television. They aged but they didn’t look like they love each other. I didn’t want their life, I didn’t want to have a family and work for a living. It seemed easier if I could just stay young forever.

Like most teenagers, I was put into the dating pool when I was 15. The idea is I would go on multiple dates with potential matches and eventually find the one I would like to be with. My first girlfriend *Jessica* I met shortly after turning 17, and she told me she loved me on my 18th birthday. 

I killed her a few weeks later thinking if I never date anyone, I would never grow old.

 Lucy was my eighteenth kill, the seventh one this year. The longer a person stays in the dating pool the more desperate the system is to pair you with someone. She told me she loved me after our third date while at my house, that’s when I decided to paralyse her and slit her throat. She must’ve been desperate. I did what I had to do to guarantee she wasn’t stealing my youth. After all the pool does promote a 93% success rate on matches, and no one knows when the aging process exactly starts. 

A few days later my phone rings, it was an officer from the dating pool informing me another one of my dates has failed to report if the date was completed or not. I told her she never showed, I’ve been running out of excuses.

“Oh, she failed to show up? That’s the 2nd one this month.” The officer questioned on the phone. 

“Yeah, I’m just as frustrated as you are. I really want to find someone.” I mentioned. There are fines and community services for people who don’t go through the dating pool process. One also can’t just say they don’t feel it either without sufficient reasoning or proof. After my fourth report I had to send to the agency I found *killing* my dates to be easier and would be the police’s problem and not mine. 

“Well lucky for you I took a personal interest in your case history. I believe I’ve found the perfect girl. I’ll organize a dinner date for you two at *Fran’s Diner* for 6pm next Thursday.” The officer spoke, given me the time for the next date. I had to comply. 

Fran’s Diner is one of the places owned by the Dating Pool. It’s a place for first time daters to meet, have a milkshake, and a burger. It’s setup to be a 1950’s diner. I sit in my booth sipping on my strawberry milkshake waiting for Ami to arrive. According to Ami’s sheet I was given, she loves music, movies, reading, and television. Pretty much everything everyone likes but just with slight variations. She seemed as thrilling on paper as vanilla yogurt. 

“Oh god, please don’t tell me you’re David?” Ami spoke, sitting across from me. She appears to be a bit older than I am, maybe mid-twenties. Her hair is dyed red matching her red dress. 

“Yes, what’s up?” I asked. 

“You look like you just got out of pre-school.” She said with disgust, eyeing me. It’s true, I’ve been 18 for a few years now. We seem to be out of each other’s age range. Yet, I do like how forward and aggressive she is being with me. 

“Hey now, I’m 18. Besides, you’re what? 26 or something. I wouldn’t be bragging if I was you.” I shot back. 

The dating pool has a high percentage rate for a reason.

I loved her after our first meeting. After trading insults we decided to tell each other secrets to find out what exactly we had in common, and after two hours and three milkshakes each later we determined it was the fear of growing up. Yet, I wasn’t scared of growing up as long as it was with her.

------------

Years passed, and I’m in my mid-twenties. I enjoy my time with Ami, it’s like songs on the radio, *just like heaven*. She is smart, cheeky, and sarcastic. A great compliment to my personality. Ami is pushing 30 now, and I’m in my mid-twenties. I’ve been scared of growing up for years, and the last year I’ve been showing my age. I’m no longer young looking and I’m starting to grow a healthy beard. I’m growing up. That’s when I thought about killing her tonight, so I can stop aging.

One night in bed, after sex we’re cuddling each other. I told her a secret. 

“I thought about killing you today.” 

“Same here.” She whispered back.

**OOC** [BY POPULAR DEMAND A SEQUEL THAT WON'T LIVE UP TO THIS ONE](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8pr271/wp_just_like_a_normal_person_you_all_age_until/e0eaviv/?st=ji83qfhk&sh=9bc6af9d)


Today is our second date. And our last.

I’d hate to end it with Alice, but she’s not worth dying for. None of them are.

I roll up to her house in my 1970 Dodge Charger. She runs out of her front door, her heels in hand – rather than her feet\-  Her dress, blacker than my car, looked quite beautiful on her. I’m not going to lie, she is one of my favorites.

In the looks department, It certainly helps that she stops aging in her teen years, like the rest of us. It allows us to grow old with their soulmate. It is quite an appealing quality.

I am going to miss her.

Alice opens the door and she squeals, 

“John! How in the hell did you get a car like this? It’s so old, it has to be expensive!”

“My dad is rich.” I lied. 

It’s best that she didn’t know that a few centuries of life have allowed me to live in eternal luxury.

“Well, perhaps I’ll have to give you a rich time after the movie.” She put her hand on my thigh. 

“I can’t wait, hun.” I hold her hand. It’ll be the last time.

I burn out of her street. I might as well give her a good thrill before the night is over.

As we got to the mall, I ask her, “Hey, want to get some In N Out before we go in?”

“Sounds good to me, babe”. 

Good thing I wore my leather jacket. It makes adding Cyanide far easier. It helps that they come in packets identical to In N Out salt packets nowadays.

We get our food in the drive thru, and I take her order of fries and switch her salt packet with the cyanide packet, with my perfected slight of hand. 

I give her the order of fries.

Alice turns to me and says “You want to know something?”

“What is that?” I ask her.

“You’re so insanely attractive.” She pulls me by the collar of my jacket and we touch lips. Damn, do I like this girl.

I close my eyes, and passionately kiss her. I might as well enjoy this surprise.

A minute later, she pulls away and she says “Lets eat, hun. We’re going to be late.”

We crack open our packets and put it in our separate orders of fries. 

I eat a few. Something is very wrong. It doesn’t taste right. 

“Alice, does your fries taste weird?”

“No. Why, does yours?”

“Yeah.”

Then it hit me. I can’t breathe, and I feel weak.

“I…can’t…breathe…help” I say, in between my short breaths.

“You see, I can’t do that. Like you, I plan on living forever.” She says, in an eerily soft voice. “I’ve been around a few centuries, and your sham is the oldest trick in the book. I’ll see you in the next life.”

Well played Alice. Well played.


It took me a long time to realise that the system that was offered was not assurance for balance, but rather mercy.

I stopped counting the years once I reached three hundred. I had a long time to master my craft. The more people I killed, the more numb I grew to the act. My later kills turning more and more into normal routine, the faces of those I had killed no more than a passing figure. A blank canvas where a face should be. It was no different than when I would gut a pig. There was no malice nor passion in the act.

Yet my very first kill still haunts me. The one I will never forget. I didn't just kill my supposed soulmate on that day, I killed my humanity.

I still have nightmares at times. It was during a time far long gone. When I lived among the tribes under the star-filled sky. And it was upon a secluded hilltop under the failing light of the sun as it dropped beyond the horizon, where rather than consumate our love for one another, that I brandished my blade and stabbed through the heart of my love. "I'm sorry," I would whisper over and over again with tears running down my cheeks. "I'm sorry," I would repeat as my blade continued to mutilate her chest. "I'm sorry." It was the only thing I could say as I continued to stab at her corpse. Perhaps the apology was for myself as much as it was for Kanida. Yes, I still remember her name. I owed her that much. To immortalize her memory as my first kill, and my first love. Did I continue to stab at her chest to prevent the realization of what I had just done to seep in? Or did I secretly hope that if I continued to stab at her, that it was because she still lived.

It was so long ago, even after having live for over a thousand years, I still felt as if I lived it yesterday.

I think it was watching my mother succumb to sickness that scared me so. The idea of fading away, becoming a hollow bag that held no sign of the person we once were. How unnerved I felt.

But it's different now. I think this as I roll the remains of my newest soulmate over the edge into the violent coursing waters of the canal. Her body would wash out into the sea with no one the wiser. And yet, I no longer killed to live longer, I killed because it was routine, all I have ever known.

'Soulmate' how bitter that word felt on my tongue. I knew the word to be a lie. As did every 'death-lover', a name that was given to people like me who tried to live longer by murdering their soulmates. It was just love, and love could be replaced. The fact that I would find new individuals who would show interest in me, where the chemistry would spark. Where we would bloom and embrace each other was enough proof of that. And even then, no matter their beauty, none could compare to my first love, and my first kiss. I carried her with me till the end of times. Literally.

There were other immortals, those who were undesirable and were nothing more than ambitionless individuals who wasted away in their rooms.

Most death-lovers were apprehended, but when you play the game as long as I had, you become impossible to find.

I had achieved everything a man could have wanted to. Several degrees from universities under different names. Built several empires in my name as businesses and slithered myself into the top of power. The only place where I would find people who successfully lived as long as I had. We were all cold and meticulous monsters given the leash to the world, but I had no doubt in my mind that at some point a long time ago, we were compassionate and loving.

I don't exactly remember when it was, but I sat on a bench at the park reading a book in spring. A leaf drifted down from the tree that shaded me and fell on my book as if to bar me from reading the letters. It was this random occurrence that caused me to look up from my book as if it were the first time I watched the world.

Someone laughed. A woman. Her smile radiant as her supposed solemate threatened to paint her entire face in icecream. She screamed and called for him to stop, but they were gleeful requests. I smiled. For the first time at such a spectacle that I tried so hard to deny, I smiled wistfully. And though the woman looked nothing like Kanida, it reminded me of her nonetheless and a sudden bang of pain shot through my heart and made it feel like my chest was left hollow. A deep chasm where my heart should be. Just one tear drifted down my cheek, and my cold heart began to melt and beat once more.

I closed my book and left, it was too much to bear.

What was wrong with me? I cried for days within the lonely and meaningless chasm of my mansion. How appropriately large it seemed for it seemed to be filled with nothing but junk.

Was it a moment of clarity or weakness? Regardless. I succummed to my lament and sought to fill that chasm.

Time and time again I would take out dates, sorting my equipment to kill them out of habit, but I would never use it.

They all left me feeling numb. The sex, the intimacy, the dates. It felt like I was trying to replace something that could never be replaced.

It was too late, I already knew that. And it took me more than a thousand years and a couple hundred more to realise that.

Perhaps I would lived a single lifetime with Kanida, but it would have been a fully-lived one.

In a drunken stupor one evening, I burst into raucous laughter. How funny the joke was. How well I played myself. For so long all I had ever done was simply kill people, becoming better and better at it, until my heart died and I became numb to all emotions. How desperately I craved that feeling of nervousness again. How desperately I craved Kanida.

I got exactly want I wanted. Immortality. Never again would I feel that way about anyone, my emotions were withered husks that long fell out of use.

It was not the hollow pain of longing that made me reach for my stowed pistol. Its dark metal like a shadow that offered mercy.

It was the emptiness inside that made it unbearable. Yet at least the bullet pierced my temple only moments after granted me release from my agony.

"I'm sorry," the only words that flashed through my mind and Kanida's lifeless and shocked expression when I killed her.

***

# /r/KikiWrites


I have lived for ages.


At some point, humans began to stop aging at 18. The old generation started to die out, with the new taking in knowledge and grow via experience, but keeping their physical prime, most of them. There were a select few that still aged, whatever the reason. Some loved and embraced this new life. Some hated and cursed it, stating that it wasn't right. It didn't matter what anyone thought, however. This was how it was going to be from now on. The Freeze, people named it.


Then someone had reached eureka. Found the pattern. Why some began to age again after The Freeze. The scientist presented her work to the world, and that was when humanity had realized what was happening. It was love. When one met their soulmate and truly fall in love, and the love is given back, The Freeze would be lifted. The curse broken. 


Too bad I didn't consider it a curse. 


I too am human. Before all this knowledge and experience, I too have fallen in love. Countless times over centuries. No one knows. Every time I ran into someone that could've been, could've been the one. The perfect one. My soulmate. I was torn into pieces everytime.


My agenda was to save humanity. To save it from it's own folly. It's own foolishness. To gain immense knowledge and wisdom, and watch over them from the shadows. To guide them to a better future. I didn't consider The Freeze a curse, far from it. It was a blessing. To give up love and protect the world. Save the Earth, nurture it back to health after all the hurt we've done.


So I killed my emotions. It killed me every single time. I wished the meetings never happened. Coincidential happenings, planned by friends, it mattered not. I couldn't risk it. It killed me... so I killed my feelings. I killed them every time, all of them. Potential lovers... potential soulmates. To gain immortality.


Now here I am. Ruling the world from the shadows, making the world a better place. Made it a better place. No wars. No poverty. The planet breathes fresh. Waters run clean. Life thrives everywhere. Smiles everywhere. 


But I am broken. Do I go on? Can I go on? These questions remain unanswered. I know not... I know nothing anymore. I go out from my palace, to take a walk in the forest. To see what I have accomplished, to give myself a sense of pride and achievement, to fill these feelings of void and emptiness.


...


Who is this? What is she doing here? Lost, she says. Well, well. Centuries of assisting humanity, this one will be no different. She looks wretched, tired. Beaten. Do not worry, I will care for you, young one. What is your name? 


Natalie.


... ...


It has been a while. Nearly a year, to be precise. I had much to think, much to ponder. I now stand at a crossroads. I... I have done much I regret, and much I take pride in. Now... maybe it is time to lay down my pen and sword. Natalie has fully recovered in body and mind, and will most likely take leave soon. Unless... she has stated her mind and feelings before. Maybe... just maybe. But... do I deserve it? Deserve this? Deserve her?


... ... ...


No one is quite sure why it happens this way. Sure there are theories, but none of them can exactly be conclusively proven. One of the most popular theories (at least from the theological side) is that it’s supposed to be some sort of backup plan the gods set in place in case our soulmates died before they could meet us, so that when they reincarnated we wouldn’t be too old for them when they reached marrying age.

Granted that doesn’t stop it from being a little squicky when a 50 year old married a 18 year old, but at least it made it a little less asethically taboo.

Most people assume that the oldest someone has been when their soulmate finally found them was 50, maybe 60 years old, but then again most people seem to assume that soulmates are confined to at least being on the same continent. 
That is why when most people encounter an “immortal” such as myself, they tend to be a little taken aback.
Granted things are much better for us than it was 100, or even 200 years ago. 

Back then there were no protections against discrimination for us in place, which made finding somewhere to work, live, or even just eat was incredibly difficult.  You see when most people find out you are one of the (un)lucky few who are seemingly frozen at the age of 18 years old forever, they immediately assume that this not by accident. 

While I don’t doubt that the practice of avoiding, or even killing your soulmate isn’t unheard of, it’s no where near as common in our community as most would like you to believe. 

Because you see, being trapped at the age of 18 is a pretty dismal affair. You typically have to have your ID and official documents with you at all times to prove that you are actually an immortal (an not an actual 18 year old trying to pull a fast one), not to mention the fact that many immortals are (or at least would be) late bloomers. 

That’s not to say that there isn’t some hope for someone in our predicament. The immortal community is extremely supportive of one another, and while it’s a little difficult for us to find “true love” it’s not uncommon for some of us to have close relationships with one another , on the understanding that once we found our soulmates, it would be over, and we would both go our separate ways. 

Such was the case with Irene. While she was born 100 years after me, she was still old enough to remember the time when we were discriminated against, and such temporary unions were less a matter of companionship, and more a matter of safety. 

You see it used to not be uncommon for the police to blame any sudden deaths upon the local immortals, as it was commonly believed that we were this way because we had been getting away with murder for decades. 
Having a committed relationship with another immortal showed that (at the very least) we were more interested in love than the others, and made us less appealing suspects. 

Our relationship had saved her on multiple occasions, to the point that the idea of me leaving the country for a few weeks for work could put her into a panic.

That’s probably why I’m doing this. 
You see, I can’t leave Irene on her own with a clear conscience, which is why I haven’t been particularly active in finding my soulmate. However it doesn’t stop you from tracking me down every 18 years like clockwork.

I’m guessing that you are probably a perfectly lovely person, we *are* soulmates after all, but I do hope you understand that I can’t let you live until Irene has found her own soulmate. 

Hopefully the next time we meet I’ll finally be single


*thud*
And just like that her lifeless corpse hit the ground... to be honest I’m hardly shaken at all by this. I’ve since lost count of the soulmates I’ve harvested...
“If I keep killing them, I can live forever!” I tell myself every time. “This is their only purpose, to supply me with an eternal state of being.” 

I feel little sympathy for them, nay mostly pity. That they exist solely to prolong this life I live, all the while expecting to live a long and happy life with me... pathetic.

I carry the corpse toward the cellar door and carefully move it down the stairs, taking care not to leave any traces of her anywhere.

“It’s been awhile since I’ve had to use this.” I say as I turn a dial and my furnace roars to life. “Such a clean way to dispose. No bloody messes, just simply offer them tea or wine or something and make sure it’s laced or spiked with poison. Preferably a tasteless one.”

The furnace is now generating waves of heat from its frame, “Finally... it may be cleaner but it certainly does take longer.” I grumble as I set my fresh harvest on a large slab of stone.

To a normal person her features would’ve been awe inducing, bewitching even. But to me, one that lives his eternal life, all I see is my future in her... as I slowly slide the slab into the furnace, I hear a pop-up on my phone.

‘AbbyDreamGirl has agreed to a date with you!’ And so the hunt begins once more...


Every twenty or so years I see you again. 
Every twenty or so years, I fall in love with you, only to kill you. 


I wish I could say I'm sorry but I can't. 


I will never forget Katherine (The First)- with her pale, limp hair and her dark eyes: as dark as the night sky sprawled before us, endless as far as we could see, on our third date. I saw constellations but I could only think of how the freckles on her face lined up, and at that moment I knew she had to be The One. 


I knew it was you. 


And so that night in those fields beneath the crescent moon and all the stars we pledged our love to I killed you there and then. 


I thought that would have been the end of it. I mourned you, of course- how I mourned! And how my heart ached at your absence- but whenever I kissed you, the idea of death clawed at the back of my throat, my windpipes filling up with spiders at the mere though of nothingness. Killing you was horrible, traumatic, but yet again freeing, to know that death will never have me in its grasp. 


That was, until I saw you again, across the street, feather brown hair and dark eyes, always the dark eyes, and when my heart clenched tightly like a fist I knew it was you. You were different, always with different hair and eyes and shoulders and lips, but you were always You. And the spiders would return when you kissed me for the first time. 


And from then meeting you was never the same place, and you would never die in the same way. Only sometimes. I met Elaine (The 8th) in Paris, and I watched her fall to her death from our window sill. I met Nora (The 12th) and her wild blue hair at the grocery store one town across, and she took her last breath in the ocean we moved next to.


Over the years, I have learnt many things about you. First, that every single version of you were in love with the cosmos, be it astronomy or astrology. Emma (The 11th) had tattoos of stars all over her body. Isabelle (The 5th) confessed that she had always wanted to explore space and see the planets for herself. You were drawn to it, like a moth to a fire.


Second was your trademark eyes: dark, curious, an endless and starless night. I had never needed this to recognise you, however: I have learnt with time that recognising you did not require any effort on my part. You would always return to me, as I did to you.


You (The 13th) of course too had those dark eyes, but your hair was almost white, and it hung above your shoulders limply, and so of course I had to bring you to that same field where I stargazed for the first time. 


And you belonged to that field, in everyway, the way the moonlight lit up your hair and your white sun dress. And the world screamed this at me, that from the way your small hands were warm in mine to the way the wind tousled your hair gently: it was a sign, that this was right. The way the universe had meant it to be. And of course, like every other You that came before, you knew all along, didn't you? What was to come. Your lips briefly brushed my ear as you said, "Make it quick." Even with a blade pressed against your neck, you were gentle. Always gentle.


And then you would smile. Every single time you have known your fate all along, known me and my fear and the spiders I carry in my windpipes. And with the same cowardly heart, every single time I deliver this fate.


Every twenty or so years, as you would breathe your last, I would always promise that this was the last time. That I'd eventually accept my mortality and be with you. So this time, just like the thirteen Yous before you, you are no different. 


I wish I could say I'm sorry but I can't.


The first time it had happened was out of fear. There's not too much to remember about it - just ragged breathing and shaky hands and blind panic. Lifetimes ago, I'd stood over their limp body, watching the blood pool around them in shock. It was sickening. It was wrong.

But it had happened again.

And again.

And again.

That's not the worst part- no, the worst part is that I'd started enjoying it. I'd started looking forward to it.

What had started as a cowardly escape from death had turned into a cruel game. I lived off of the look in the eyes of my lover as they realised what I was doing, the confusion and fear and betrayal- God, I practically got off on it.

I used to wonder what was wrong with me. Perhaps I was ill. Perhaps my mind was coming undone, unable to handle the crushing weight of knowing that one day I'd cease to exist. 

I was running from my own demise, but loving bringing it to others. 

I used to wonder what was wrong with me, yes,  but nowadays I don't question it much at all. I used to think that love was what made life worth living, before I'd experienced the thrill of the hunt.

I'm addicted.

It makes me powerful, untouchable, and I'll keep up this cycle until the world has run itself into the ground and nothing but ruins remain and there is truly nothing left- I'll accept my fate.

Until then, my dear soulmate, until then-


She was the fifth one in as many decades.

I had killed so many by this point they were mostly a blur - men, women, two-souls, so many varieties of soul mates that it seemed the gods were trying so hard to make me happy.

Only one thing made me happy - eternal youth and life. For that, she had to die.

I approached her in the coffee shop I had found her in as one would a farm animal unaware of its ultimate fate, and I could feel the gears of life grinding awake as the mechanisms of aging began anew.

"Hello, miss...?"

"Natalie Henshaw, and you?" she replied, her voice quivering with delight. She felt it too, the signs of soul-bonding, the Machinery of Life wakening within her.

I smiled, the same sad smile I always had.

"Henry David Jones, Jr."

She looked at me intensely, trying to glean information about me through sheer force of gaze, but the centuries had petrified my personality into a hard shell.

"You can feel it too, can't you?"

I nodded.

"I'm looking forward to getting to know you," she said, with a hunger I was surprised at. Generally my soulmates were timid, shy creatures, beautiful, pure, and naive. This Natalie seemed far less so.

"Let's leave this place and go somewhere more... private," I suggested, with a practiced confidence and ease. We left with our drinks in hand, walking down Jasper Avenue toward the funicular into the valley. It was a beautiful bright day out, leafy trees shading the middle of the street, sidewalks bustling with crowds.

"I feel so lucky, you know. None of my friends have found their soulmates yet, and here I am, with such a handsome young man, and only into my fifth decade!"

"Looks can be deceiving you know, but I don't think I'm too much older than you," I said, knowing I had in fact centuries on her.

I smiled along with the conversation as we made our way into the river valley, and with it ever closer to the small underground space I had made just for her.

"Come this way, I know an amazing spot to spend the afternoon," I said. I navigated the trails of the river valley and brought her to a deserted, secluded beach. The river was not fit for swimming, but the beach was beautiful and it was hidden from all sides.

She smiled at me wickedly when I turned to face her, and then I felt a sharp pain in my belly. I looked down and he hand was gripping the most unusual weapon, its design ancient and unnervingly beautiful. She looked at me with pity, as had so many times before myself.

"I'm sorry that you have to pay the price for me, but I don't want to age. You understand," she said.

I did.


*"Curse...you"* she muttered, before collapsing into her own pool of blood.

As she fell to the ground, I heaved a sigh. Boy, was that a hard one. In the hundreds of years I've been doing this, that was the toughest one yet. The universe must be making it harder for me to live with hundreds of years of experience in an 18 year old's body. Just as that thought passed me, my phone rang.

"Hey Zai, looks like someone wants to go out on a date with you at the pizza shop right in front of our apartment. Need me to help you kill her?"

"Oh hi Lily \- no, it's alright, I'll handle it myself."

Lily was just like me, although I am slightly older. She exploited the system and killed all her past soulmates so she could live significantly longer, and we've been helping each other out ever since we met a few months ago. It's a long story.

I quickly made my way to the pizza shop so I could get this date over with. Strangely, no one was present inside the pizza shop, aside from the cashier, who mumbled a depressing "Welcome to Pizza Hut". Confused, I called Lily to make sure that she was talking about the right pizza shop.

"Lily, there's no one inside this Pizza Hut. Are you sure you're talking about the right one?"

"Zai, someone's chasing me. I need you to stay there while I\-" she got interrupted by a loud *bang,* before ending the call.

Sensing that something was terribly wrong, and fearing that Lily's attackers would come after me next, I quickly made my way out of the pizza shop, but the door was locked. I spun around and tried the back door, but that too was locked. Out of all the places I had been to in my 412 years of living, I was trapped in a Pizza Hut. 

Something happened to Lily \- and I was next. 

Desperate to go out, I demanded the cashier to give me the keys to the doors, but before that poor soul could say anything, a gunshot wound appeared between his eyebrows and he fell backwards. I instinctively ducked under the counter and searched the cashier for any keys, and when I did find them, I speedily crawled to the back door and unlocked the door.

As I did this, the door was forcibly kicked open and I was knocked onto my back on the floor. I swiftly got back on my feet and I faced my opponent. That was when I got shot in the chest and knocked in the head. But the obvious skill my opponent had wasn't what surprised me \- it was the person.

"You have lived for too long, Zai. It was simply your time. When your last date couldn't kill you for me, I had to do it myself. I couldn't risk anyone else knowing about what I do. About what we do."

Lily said these last words before delivering the fatal blow to my head.


She is 234 years old and counting. She sips a warm beer and stretches a low smile against the glass reflection - the face gazing back can’t be more than twenty; a few years lost to the difficult kills. She closes her eyes as the booze drags back the hammering memories of their frightened faces - the worst ones are still those glowing with love. She drains the beer. The faces once again locked up at the back of her mind and she rises and sees him for the first time - a tug of love, warm eyes, a rush of blood through a pained heart. Then she sees wrinkled smiles, lags of skin, and the withered bodies of a foolish pair. She grabs the blade and walks toward him. 

He stands, grinning from ear to ear, and as she is about to whip a line of red across his neck, he draws out a dagger to plunge between her ribs. They miss by a gasp and tumble to opposite sides. Their eyes lock in a moment of understanding, hers dart to the logo on his shirt, his tumble over her salacious body and fix on a signet ring. Then she is gone, streaming away through the happy crowds, and leaving him with an empty echo in the dark night. His chest plunges into ice cold. It has to be done, he murmurs and lays a plan for the hunt. 

She looks thirty now. She curses every time a mirror glances back. He has gone into hiding. Too many failed attempts sent him into stealth mode and she hasn’t heard a whisper of life or felt the pounding in her ears in over three months. Lets end this, she screamed at his disappearing back. That was the last time she saw him, blood oozing in his wake and a stumbling leg cracked and dragging behind him. If she hadn’t been gasping on the ground with a steel rod pinning her shoulder in place she might have finished him off. But they each got away. 

She isn’t hiding. She wants it over, she wants to finish this. She walks in plain sight, she follows a routine: the same bus, the same walk, the same job, the same house - every day is the same. She tempts him to jump out at any corner. She longs to see his face. She thinks of the slight curve to the broad nose, the dark bulbous chin, the warm eyes…she shuts down her mind. 

Two more months go by and then he is there, standing atop her roof and kitted like a knight from history. He is stacked with grenades, sheathed with swords, and pulling back a crossbow. She feels him above her, waiting to strike. Then the room erupts with a flash of light, and smoke is running into her eyes, and through her nose, and filling her mouth. She squeezes everything shut and straps on a gas mask, and without a sound, she slips down through a trapdoor. The house rips into a bonfire. 

She looks eighty now. She watches as the scorched face stumbles into the care home and extracts an automatic. She raises her hands and waits for the bullets to rip through. When the cold strikes three times - two to the chest and one to the belly - she washes with relief and then sends the gas into his lungs. Their eyes lock in a moment of understanding, and the last thing she sees is his warm smile. 

The coroner straps the corpses into black bags and wheels away the evidence of the withered bodies of a foolish pair.


At first I wanted to live long enough to see the Spiderman reboot, with Anderson Langley as the Crow. I had been talking about the movie for ages, about how they were using the original story from 2145 *Alternative Earth.* They were even piecing together a holomorph of Stan Lee, rumored to play Uncle Ben. 

My best friend, Davis, said that it looked *apologetically invalid.* "Why would you even want to watch that Marvel crap? They reboot it every ten years. Disney is total propo!" 

I am not sure what made me stand up, still as a merry corpse, and leave. I gathered my things, shoved them in my backpack, storming out. Davis tried to call me back, but I was driven. I needed to just think. Davis had been hacking at my confidence for ages, telling me I was being stupid for *everything.* 

Davis must have followed me. We had been hanging around at his house, miles from my own. He had to have been following me, because the moment the key was in the door Davis was calling my name. 

"Sandia, please come back." Davis was screaming. 

I pushed the door open and slammed it shut. I whispered at the painted wood, "Reboot this asshole." 

He knocked. So hard it made my brother get off the couch and let him in. I was fuming in the kitchen over a bag of pretzels and some tea. Davis came into the kitchen, panting, his rounded face sweaty. 

"Sandia please," he said. "I'm sorry." 

"You're being such an asshole lately," I said. 

Then, without warning, Davis kissed my mouth. I almost choked on the half chewed pretzel. I reeled back, but he caught me like a fish. I felt something inside me burn, pop, and then settle like sparkler flames on the grass. They faded out quickly. 

xxx

By the time Davis pulled away from me, my mouth felt wet, a congealed seal of slobber all over my mouth and chin. Davis looked pleased, his eyes a weird purple. 

"You're glowing," Davis said. "Like purple. Like me. Am I glowing?" 

I blinked. 

"We're mates," Davis said. "Fuck. Wow. Like mates. I didn't think\-\-I hoped, cause like you're the prettiest girl I know. I didn't want someone... someone else. I loved you since\-\-Damn, Sandia, damn." 

"Why would you do that?" I asked. Something like anger rose up inside me. "You killed me. You've fucking killed me you selfish asshole." 

"I\-\-What?" Davis asked. I think he expected me to be happy. 

I started screaming incoherent acidic word\-vomit. I wasn't sure what I said. I might have mentioned my father, who died when I was 12. Or my mother who spent the rest of her short life drinking. She killed herself when I was 18. Even now, at 22, I missed her. I fucking missed her. And this asshole had done the same thing to me, put me on death row, at twenty *fucking* two. Hadn't even asked, just raped my mouth with his weird ass saliva trail. 

Eventually my screaming brought Erico into the kitchen. He seemed tense and pulled me back into a hug. 

"Sandy, Sandia stop. This isn't how it's supposed to go." Davis was begging me to listen to him. "Sandia, Erico\-\-tell her I didn't... she was purple. We're soulmates." 

I burst into tears and sagged onto the floor. I felt sick. "He killed me. He killed me. I'm going to die. He killed me. I am going to die." Fear gripped me like a ghost and pulled my through into my stomach. 

Erico left the room. I don't know where he got the bat from, but it took two seconds for Davis to  go down like a hot potato. He kept hitting Davis in the head until he stopped moving. Then, getting the knife from the stand, he drove it into Davis' throat. 

Davis never screamed, never seemed to make any noise. Intentional at least. No scream. Nothing. Just laid there. 

I felt like I could take on the world. 

"I promise I won't let you die," Erico said. "Not until you are ready."


Every thousand years it happens. Somehow she always finds me, and every time it ends the same way. No matter how many times we’ve gone through this song and dance, and no matter how much I scream to the heavens begging it to stop, it always ends the same.

I’ve never felt love or desire for another, and yet the universe keeps trying to send me a ‘soulmate’ to grow old with. It’s not that I don’t want to age, but rather I don’t want to string anyone along. I don’t want my ‘soulmate’ to be stuck with me, someone who can never love them, until we die.  Of course at my age I’ve lived through times when I was forced to marry, and I’ve watched countless spouses grow old without me. Then again, those spouses were all in love with someone else. With each one I’d always find some way out. Either they’d die somehow, or I’d escape and run away, but each time I’d travel to a new land so no one would know I wasn’t aging. I’ve been all around the world and learned countless languages, seen civilizations thrive and die, and for awhile I was happy with my life, but that’s when it first happened. 

I had just arrived in a new village hidden in a lush river valley. The people were friendly and welcoming to a strange traveler like myself, so I felt comfortable settling down for a few years. I helped out in any way I could. Farming, hunting, cooking, you name it I probably did it at some point in this little village. I even grew close with some of the locals, but there was one in particular whom I was closest with. I could never get the hang of how to pronounce her full name, so she let me call her Ann. She and I were thick as thieves. I’d never been so close with anyone before, but it just felt right. It was almost like we were made for each other, just not in a romantic sense. She was married and had a thriving family so I knew I was safe. She would never confess her love to me and I wouldn’t have to pack up and leave.

Except one day, she pointed out that I had a small crop of gray hair. She laughed about it, teasing me and trying to figure out who in the village must be my soulmate, but I was too shocked to play along. It was impossible. It would mean I was aging. Later that day as I was by the river I caught sight of my reflection and, sure enough, I looked older. My face no longer looked like that of a teenager, but rather it looked like that of the young adult I now apparently was. At one thousand years old I was finally starting to age. But I wasn’t in love. I didn’t have a soulmate. So how could I be aging? 

I confessed my real age to Ann that same day, and she simply said she knew. Apparently, she had the sense that I was much older than eighteen, but she was still a bit surprised I’d lived a thousand years without ever finding a soulmate. I told her that I didn’t feel love or desire so how could I ever have a soulmate. She just laughed and laughed until she realized I was serious. She told me that a soulmate isn’t something that’s exclusively romantic or sexual. A soulmate can simply be someone who completes you. Lifts you up when you’re down, comforts you, knows the real you. She confessed to me that she knew from the moment we met that I was her platonic soulmate.

For once I didn’t feel the need to pack up and run. I’d had countless people confess that they loved me, and every time I ran because I didn’t feel the same. But this time, with Ann, I didn’t want to run. I felt happy and safe. For once in my life I was content to grow old. To be together with the only person I’ve ever felt truly close to in my entire long life. But then Ann fell sick. She never got better, and only a few months later, she was gone. Once again I wasn’t aging and even though the people in the village knew me, they started to grow apprehensive about me. So I left. I went back to wandering the earth. However, I would always travel back to that river valley when I could. After a few hundred years the village was no more than a memory, but the things I’d learned there lived on.

I would eventually run into Ann again a thousand years after that first time. Though this time she wasn’t named Ann, she was still the same soul. We instantly knew each other and everything clicked like it had only been a few days since we last talked. But once again, she fell ill and died only a few months after we’d found each other again. This cycle would repeat over and over with me only aging a few years at a time, until now. Just last year I found her again. She’s married to her wonderful wife who she loves so much, but last week she got some terrible news. She has cancer, and it was too late to treat it. 

I didn’t want to go through this all again. Who knew how much the world would change in another thousand years. It had changed so drastically since the last time I was with her, I didn’t know if I could take anymore. I was already over eight thousand years old, and yet I didn’t look a day over 40. I’ve had to adapt and change so much, I just want it to end. The last year with her has been the best one in all the time I’ve known her. I decided that this time would be my last. I realized that every time I find her she would die soon after. It didn’t matter if I found her young or old, she would always die within a few years of us finding each other. In a way it seemed like I was killing her.

I’d tried in the past to end things on my terms, but so much was different now. Technology had advanced and created things that could end a life in the blink of an eye. In the last hundred years I had tried time and time again to use these things on myself, but none of them ever worked. It wasn’t until last week that I realized how I could maybe end this cycle. This time, she needed to kill me before I killed her.

After she got her diagnosis, she and her wife were devastated. They’d just started their life together and had been making plans for the future, but now none of it would happen. Every other time I’ve found her it’s been common for someone to get sick and die. But in this modern day the thought of someone dying because of illness or disease seemed impossible and almost barbaric. There’s a cure for almost everything, and a treatment to manage the rest. For most people, cancer is just one of those things that can be treated, but for her it was aggressive and spreading fast. All because I had found her again. After the last time we’d been together I had had the thought ‘what would happen if instead of her dying, I died?’. Maybe it could save her life. Maybe it could end this cycle. Maybe it would do nothing and she would still die. Maybe it was worth trying.

She was opposed to the idea at first, but I wore her down. She eventually understood that I needed this. I needed my long life to be done. So here we are. With the device pointed at my head I close my eyes and hope that just maybe this will work. I hope that she’ll get better and be able to finally live the long life she deserves. I hope she won’t beat herself up over this. I hope I won’t ever have to see her again. I hope-


It all started with a note, with "I know ehat you did" written on it in perfect penmanship, and marked with a kiss.

I've spent the last 150 years tracking down and killing my soulmates maintaining my immortality. By now, I've barely gained a year in accumulated time between first meeting them and executing the perfect murder. Absolute genius! 

But... Normally the universe finds a way to get the two of you together. Late for a subway on the way to work, you lock eyes accross a packed car. After moving to a new city to follow your dreams, you visit a bar and see her eyes accross a smoky room. Everytime, you can feel the thunderclap in your heart. But after my 169th kill, it stopped. Nothing. Not even a palpitation. Barely any eye contact. I wasn't sure to relax and live my life as the universe had given up on me, or to stay on edge, because at any second I could still meet them... 

Then I got that note. No return address, just slipped under the door of the backwoods cabin I'd decided to hide in. I immediately packed my bags and got ready to leave, booking a flight for the next day, expecting the police to come investigate me about the murders. But the next morning, walking out to my taxi, I saw the second note — "It's alright, I'm doing it too. May we never meet" signed with the same kiss.

I don't know how they did it, how they could have found me without us seeing each other but... Clearly I've left enough of a trail to be followed. I still took the taxi, still flew to Hawaii, where I've always wanted to throw someone in a volcano in a pinch, but I wrote on the back of that note "How!?". I knew they'd find me again. But this time I'd make it easy, the more we knew about each other, the less likely we were to 'meet'.

And thus began the most terrifying correspondence of my life.


It's the third week in with this girl and I think I've found her again: time has started to flow. I need to end it once again. 

She knows what I'm doing. She always knows; Smiling sweetly, tears rolling down her cheeks, warm and hopeful that I might change. That things could be different.

Every time I push her away she comes back; different hair, different face, but the love is always the same. Unconditional. Unrelenting. 

It makes it harder each time and I'm not sure how many times I can keep doing this. 

She always cries at the last moment; A single tear, stifled agony in her throat, trying to be strong, for both herself and me. 

And when she's gone again, I scream my heart out. Breath escapes me and I fall into a pit of despair - my punishment from God for betraying his angel.

I've killed many before, as is my job. Never in my years have I felt so fearful. So, afraid that I might just give in, let myself be taken from all of this, just to be with her.
To stop.
Existing...


Edit: This turned out to be a hell of a lot longer than i thought it would be, thanks to anyone who actually reads the whole thing through. 

It always made me a little sad how easy it is to get them. I suppose it makes sense, when you think about it. We're soulmates and after as long as i've been alive i just see them and i know. She wasn't what i'd come to expect, for so long i'd been drawn to a bit of an oddball and in this respect the girl on the dance floor appeared to fit right in. 

Normally though, i'd end up matching with the kind of girl who doesn't normally do "hookups". The one who's just wating to have wild, crazy, mindless sex with the right person who's going to wake up the next morning and say "wow, me too!" more or less. This one, though? Well it just confirmed what i'd been thinking, really. All this killing and living has changed me. I used to feel guilty, i even cried and mourned some of the time and i did great philanthropic works, funded charities, fed the homeless. It was penance, but this time around i hadn't done that. The last soulmate was a pretty brunette with a polka dotted dress that she'd made herself, the handiwork was actually quite good and i didn't even bother to get it off of her this time. We made it home and i did the deed quickly. In a land of immortally moping singles it's no surprise that the cops don't spend a great deal of time investigating disappearances.... Hell, every other week someone meets their soulmate and runs away to grow old and die. 

Back to the present, though. This girl? She had long blond hair, a red and black checkered miniskirt, a white buttoned up shirt with more than a couple buttons undone to show off her cleavage and an ass that seemed to have no intention of quitting. She too seemed to have no intention of quitting and for the first time since the first time i was nervous. 

The first time.... She was in an elegant dress, supposed to be engaged to her fathers buisness partner because that's how we avoided death back in the day, political weddings. We eloped, though. It lasted all of a week, before we as scared teenagers confessed to one another we both didn't want to die, we were afraid and confused and horrified of a world that told us we had forever shoving a deadline in our face all of a sudden. She tried to end herself, to jump from a cliff to save me because in her mind that was true love and she couldn't stomach an eternity without love. I tried to save her; i'm not sure if my hand slipped or i simply let her go. 

I took a deep breath and stowed my past. I could be here forever if i allowed it. I walked calmly to the bar, ordered a shot of vodka, downed it, had another, and then approached her on the dance floor. We locked eyes and  it was obvious. Here i was worrying, i'd met soulmates in brothels before, it doesn't matter who or where... you just know. After a moment of intense and anything but awkward silence i approached her and whispered in her ear "wanna get out of here?" She smiled slyly and whispered back "thought you'd never ask."  I confidently lead the way to my car, checking back only to make sure she was following. She quickly caught up and looped her arms around mine. I was rather going to miss this girl already, she seemed confident, charming, she was clearly beautiful and when she caught my gaze wandering past her cleavage she folded her hands together at her waste in a praying pose and  whispered "get a good enough look" before winking. 

I even went first through the door to my apartment. Eager to show off the view and treat her to a special night before i had to be done. I heard her heels clacking on the tile floor and turned just in time to see her take them off.  She moved like a runway model and came up behind me, encircling my waste with her arms. "Nice view" she always seemed to speak with a smile on her voice. "I'm rather partial to it myself" she chuckled and then i asked "Were you ever a model? You walk like a model." She chuckled again before responding "In another life, maybe." I hummed silently to myself thinking over her response when i heard her whisper in my ear "shame too, sweetheart. You're cute." 

then i felt something cold and sturdy slide between my ribs. "Tell me, how long have you been killing soulmates?" it was all i could do to gasp and exhale in shock "aw..." she still had that same warm smile in her voice "sweatheart, don't feel bad, i've been doing this a lot longer than you" she seemed genuinely interested in reassuring me "i was as surprised as you when i started matching up with other killers... tuns out, that happens after the first century." she chuckled to herself and strode fluidly around in front of me, she lifted up her white button up shirt to reveal a patchwork of ugly scars on her stomach "You're wondering why you can't move, hmm?" she turned towards the window, soaking in the breathtaking view of the city at night as I managed to croak "yes!" She laughed again, full of music and love. Ironically, though she was in the process of murdering me i found her rather difficult to hate. I wondered in passing if this was how my victims, or hers had felt "It's a poison on the blade i used, it'll cause paralysis, muscle spasms, seizures, and incredible agony." I managed a single noise somewhere between a laugh and a bark in response. 

"Tell you what sweatheart, because you've been such a gentlman i'll make it quick if you tell me why?" After a few wheezing breaths i managed "Quid, pro, quo." and then slumped over on the the couch. She laughed once again, obviously surprised at my tenacity. "Well" she began "at this point it's really just a reflex, same as you i suppose" I began to wave dismissively and fell into a coughing fit "Ooh. You mean the start..." she approached the couch and sat beside me with that same feline grace "To tell you the truth, the poor man went and killed himself so i could keep on living. Said he wasn't worthy of me and boy if that doesn't give you a complex" she smiled warmly and gazed down at me as i coughed and writhed in agony beside her. I began to recover for a moment and we just sat there looking at eachother, me dying, wearing a crazy lopsided little smile and her with her shirt off, looking at me with all the strangeness of murdering something you love with no hard feelings. "comes in waves" she quipped. "You'll feel better for a minute, then worse." 

I let my hand hang off and brush against the floor as she sat beside me and rested her head against my rib cage. "In another life...." she trailed off. I tried to laugh but ended up coughing "If we only deserved it, huh?" Of all the soulmates i'd had, it seemed ironic that she'd understand me the most. I wasn't sure if she was pretending for my sake or not, but i was dying anyway so i had nothing to loose. I pulled my gun from under the couch and moved as quickly as i could to fire three rounds into her stomach. It was over in an instant, she saw the gun and tried to stand but i'd already brought the muzzle against her soft, pale stomach and fired. There was an instant of silence after the first shot, where we both didn't quite believe what had happened. At that point she'd already made her way off of the couch and she stood in abject shock. Then two more shots. 

She staggered back and fell into a nearby armchair with a look of incredulity on her face. "shouldn't've let my guard down, huh?" she somehow still carried the same warmth in her voice, but ended up coughing up blood when she tried to laugh. I smiled back at her and responded "me either." 

"By the way, i never caught your name." It was so absurd to be asking, but as we both appeared to be dying it was all i could think of "Vanessa" she replied, "Yours?" I smiled "Mike." 

Then as if we'd been struck by a lightning rod i started to convulse and she started wheezing and coughing up blood. She was right, it was agony. In my final moments i wondered if it was strange to take comfort in her being with me.


\*\*Please excuse any grammar mistakes. I wrote this at work and didn't get a chance to read through it before my break was over.\*\*

"I fucking hate it." His eyes glinted in the firelight.

"Yeah, but at least it's a choice? Everyone gets to make it. It's not like you're forced into it."

"Bull. Shit. The supposed love of your life, the one who is supposed to grow old with you, take care of you, love you when you're wrinkled and disgusting, tells you they want to perform the trial because they'd rather have immortal life and you're just supposed to say no? Your one true love would rather *kill you* than live a long and happy life *with you*. Once it's said, that's not a choice anymore Cal. It's just not."

He had a point. She understood that. But she still had to ask. The idea had wriggled in the back of her mind since she'd met him: everlasting life. She loved him, really, but getting to see history happen. Getting to shape it. It was just so tempting.

"Would you do the trial? Would you do it for me?"

His eyes moved from the horizon to capture her in a pool of sadness. He'd known this was where their conversation was heading. His heart chipped a little at the implication. She didn't want to grow old with him. He pulled her close, cradled her body to his and sighed.

"Yes. Do you really think you could kill me?"

"I...I think so..."

He pulled away, brow creased, "I could never kill you."

\*\*\*

Callie Masterson slowly opened her eyes to an offending piece of light glinting through her curtained window. She blinked, arched her back in a stretch to end all stretches, and sat up. She'd had the same dream every single night for the past week and a half. Somehow, after all this time, her soulmate still haunted her. She hadn't deserved Sam. Nobody deserved Sam. Callie shook her head, pulling her hand through her hair to test it's dirt/tangle level. Her fingers only got stuck once. Not too bad.

She trundled her way into the bathroom, yawning the entire way. The shower was quick, steamy, just how she liked it. As she was stepping out her doorbell went off. She waved her hand over the screen of her phone to check the time. 6:40am. Who in their right mind would be stopping by this early? She debated rushing through putting clothes over her sopping wet frame and decided against it. A robe would do. Living as long as she did came with some unforeseen perks; comfort with one's form being one of them. Or maybe it was not giving a damn about how others perceived her. One of the two.

As she was stepping down her carpeted stairs the doorbell rang again. Persistent blighter. She grabbed the door handle, twisted the lock at the top, and swung it open, a frown ready for whoever was disturbing her morning ritual. The frown fell from her face. It couldn't be...

"Uhm...h..hi?"

His voice jolted her back into the present. She studied the man in front of her, the curve of his lips, the offending piece of hair falling into his dark brown eyes.

"Are you, shit, your name is Callie right?"

"Yes," she whispered. She felt tears pool in her eyes. It just...it couldn't be.

"I think...I think I used to know you." His smile was sweet. How was this happening?

"Yes," the tears bubbled over, streamed down her face. He grabbed her then. Pulled her into his chest. She'd missed this feeling, of being surrounded. Safe. She started to hiccup.

"Oh, Cal, I know. I know you didn't mean to." Hadn't she? She'd been the one driving that night. She'd been the one who lost control. 

She pulled away, looking up into the eyes that had haunted her all these years, "How are you here Sam?"

"My name's actually Sean now." He laughed. He sounded exactly the same. "But could I come in before we get into those weird details? You're a little...under dressed and I'm feeling a teensy bit protective."

Callie stood back and blushed. "Yeah, no problem, come on in." He stepped inside. This was weird. This was so *incredibly weird*. He'd died over 50 years ago, how in the hell was he standing so nonchalantly in her foyer?!

"This way." She led him into her sitting room and plopped down on the sofa. "Right here." She patted the seat next to her. He was making her feel things she hadn't in years. Embarrassment. Self consciousness. Attraction. She wouldn't let him stray far. Not right now. He took the proffered cushion, leaving a bit of space in between them. Too far. She moved closer, until her leg touched his and he was only one stretch of her arm away. He combed his hand through his hair and swallowed hard. 

"I guess I'll start with who I am, right now. My name is Sean. I am 20 years old and attempting to get a bachelor's degree in Engineering. I didn't remember you until a couple of weeks ago, when I saw you across campus. Your name is Callie Masterson. You were born June 18th, 1999. Your favorite flower is a sunflower. Your favorite food is a blueberry. You are my soulmate." His smile was sad. "You killed me on October 15th, 2019. We'd just had a fight about the trial. I was angry because you said you'd kill me and I knew I could never do that to you. We were driving home. You were looking at me, crying, apologizing as I sat there not saying a word. You didn't notice you'd drifted. You didn't notice the tree. I died." Callie's hands reached towards Sam...Sean...her other half. She pulled him to her. Kissed him. Felt his arms encircle her waist and flatten her even farther against him. The kiss deepened. Her hands ran up into his hair, cupped the back of his head. He moaned into her, slid his hands from robe to skin and reveled in the feel of her, still slightly damp from her morning shower. They broke apart. Both were flushed, ready for more.

"Grow old with me?" She asked, eyes intent on his.

"We'll see...," his smile didn't reach his eyes. To hide this he pulled her in for another kiss. She didn't need to know his earlier life's qualms wouldn't stop him now. She didn't need to know how different from Sam Sean really was...


I'm sure you have heard this story before, well - not this version, though.

Should a rat scurry to your doorstep, how would you greet it? A rat is a rat, no matter how you see it. So why do humans act so surprised when they scurry into my lair? Why do they seem so shocked that the price they pay for trespassing into my domain and trying to steal my treasures is being burnt into a pile of ash? Would you not kill the rat that trespasses into your home and steals your food?

***

My slumber was deep, yet even so, I could hear the distant sounds of war that raged beyond my caverns. Even through the thick walls and over many distances, still the turmoil could be heard, even if it were faint.

*Not my problem.* I thought.

Humans think us dragons to be so incomprehensible, yet they would act much the same way.

Even if all rats are regarded with disgust, you still feel sympathy for the one rat that has been cornered by the wild cat. The sound the wriggling rodent makes, a squeal not much unlike a pigs as it thrashes helplessly in the felines jaws. Sometimes, however, you realise that you are the cat.

Another human stumbled into my realm and my uneasy sleep already cause for my bad mood. Did this one expect protection? Perhaps that I would bark for them like a dog on a leash and rise up from the bowels of my mountain, a visage of death and fury to lay waste to their enemies.

"Why do you come, human?" I had no intention of letting him speak, as I could already feel my gullet warm with the rising flame, my throat already shimmering. The light from the flame refracting from the scales of my throat and turning radiant.

"Please," the only feeble word that came from a broken knight. *Pitiful,* I thought.

I raised my body to its tallest height and stared down at the rat that invaded my home.

This, however, was different.

The rat came not seeking my treasures, nor food, nor seeking my power. Instead, the rat came with child in hand and raised it to me as offering. He did not speak, and neither did I, instead my reptilian eyes continued to gaze down at the creatures with sharp scrutiny.

"What is this?" I asked, my voice bellowing.

"I am sure you know of the fate that has befallen our kingdom."

"I have. Do you come seeking my help? Is this child an offering?" My voice almost mocking, amused at the lengths these humans would go through.

"Our kingdom is already dead, but I was given a final task by the king. He asked me to bring you the princess, begging that you protect her, protect her from all that may try to trespass."

I growled, unsure why. It was an act of compassion that I found seldom among these beings, perhaps my growl and brightening throat were simply reminiscent of how wary I had grown of these creatures. It wasn't their militia, nor their ingenuity that warranted caution, no, it was the ease with which they could deceive that made me respect them, even if they were just rats.

"And why should I play 'babysitter' to the king?" My muzzle now face to face with the knight, it would have taken only a single bite to swallow the princess and knight whole, using the littered bones of humans as toothpicks to remove the armor that filled my teeth.

"There is no king, anymore." The knight said, head still bowing.

I remained silent, yet rose back to my full height, perhaps to have the knight admire the scale at which I stood, or perhaps because I did not wish to reveal any hints of my contemplation.

"If you double-cross me, knight, I will pick you limb from limb and burn you alive, and still you will be begging me for the release of death."

I believed to have heard the slightest of gulps, yet the knight looked up to me with a blood smeared face, before collapsing in exhaustion.

The child now lay on the stone floor, wrapped in whatever cloth protected it.

I began to lower myself to the child, but then hesitated. After a moments thought, I nudged the knight with a talon as tall as a man and as broad as a hulking troll. No response.

I gently lifted the armored man and placed him to the side, far away. You can never be too careful with rats.

I proceeded to lower myself to the child, my nostrils the size of gaping cave entrances, flaring as I sniffed the child, gratified by the sudden giggle that came from its lung at the breeze she felt.

It was truly an endearing thing, and I admit to have had a sudden urge to protect the baby with all my heart, as its indistinguishably small hand rested against my boulder-sized nose, and I found myself to have adopted a baby rat from the litter.

***

If you enjoyed this, I do have my own subreddit now: /r/kikiwrites

Edit: I am quite busy today, but really like this prompt, I will see about adding a part 2 once I find the time.


The Knight burst into the cave gently holding the swaddled infant princess. "Please, I beg of you, take care of her, there is nothing we can do"

The dragon looked around and saw the child placed and the base of his mountain of gold. "It shall be done" came the reply.

With that the child was instantly incinerated with one breath.

"What the fuck Raffi, the firebreather!"

"You said take care of the child!" Came the dragon's reply. 

"Was this what happened to my cat when I asked you to take care of it?" said Sir Randy the Dirty

"Yes! You said take care of it, I set it on fire!"


"I said no."

"You must! She's the true heir-"

"And why should I care about your puny kingdom?"

"Because...if she doesn't claim the throne there will be chaos for a long time...which means war...which means more soldiers to try and slay you..."

"Hey, buddy, are you OK? You're breathing kinda funny, and you got a lot of blood on you."

"I'm...fine."

"If you say so. But anyway, your logic is a bit of a stretch. I've seen a lot of kingdoms fall, it doesn't always turn out like that."

"Please..."

"You think, just because I'm a dragon I have a tower somewhere to stash her in?"

"Well, yes."

"Yeah, OK, fine, I do know of an abandoned castle with a couple towers. The previous owner sent an army against me, and since stone doesn't burn, it's still mostly intact."

"So you'll...take...her?"

"What? No! I can't raise a human. I don't even know what you guys eat!"

*cough*

"Uhhh...you eat...fields? And, umm...sheep? And horses...? No wait, you ride on the horses...But do you also eat the horses? Huh, I never thought to ask..."

*gasp. gargle*

"I like horsemeat, anyway. Hey, buddy, do humans eat horses?"

...

"Hello? Buddy? You OK?"

...

"Huh. I think he's dead."

"Waaaaahhhh! Waaaaaahhhh!"

"Oh no nonono, little princess, don't cry, please don't cry-"

"Waaaaahhh!"

"Uhhh, here... *phwoof* ...See?... *phwoof* ...you like smoke rings?"

"A-hahaha!"

"Yeah, you like the smoke rings. What about this? ... *FWOAH*"

"Oohhh"

"That's called fire.  Can you say 'fire'? Fi-re. Fiii-rre."

"Aagh"

"Eh, close enough. I never realized how cute human babies are."

"Ffffffpp"

"Hey, uhh, come on, let's get you somewhere safe, OK?"


"You know there is no way I can take care of a human. An infant at that." The dragon replied furiously. 

"please Typhon. She won't survive a day without anybody else's protection. I tried to protect her but I can't anymore, not in my condition". 

Typhon looked at the wounded soldier. His armor broken, his limbs bleeding and his face disfigured because of the attacks he took for the princess. 

"Please Typhon. You must save her. They beheaded her father. They poisoned her mother. She has nobody left. I beg unto you on my life." 

"Very well. But I can't care for her like this. Either I need to be a human or she needs to be a Dragon. There is no other way." 

"Make her a dragon. The most powerful one. So her enemies couldn't even think of attacking her. And even if they did, she should be able to overcome them with ease." 

"I will fulfill your last wish soldier. But to make her a dragon, I need to sacrifice a life..." 

"Take mine. I'm dying anyway. But what will you name her?" the soldier asked as the princess was merely an infant and wasn't named. 


"I shall name her Lernaean Hydra". 

____________________________________________

Edit : I can continue with this after I'm off work as an origin story. Do reply if you guys would like me to. Also send if you have any suggestions.


[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/813gcd/wp_youre_a_powerful_dragon_that_lived_next_to_a/dv0g9gh/) l [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRobertFall/comments/815k0n/the_tales_of_a_moon_rider_part_3/)

Those awful screams of woe and misery, of death and distress admixing with the stench of smoke and blood, had tormented my slumber for far too long. They'd bounded me to witness the wreckage of Velosin, a little kingdom down the mountains where my lair lays.

Four days it took the clamour of their little ruthless war to turn into a deep, unpleasant silence. I'd grown used to Velosin's little music: the laughter of the drunkards, the clattering of the adventurer's hooves, the clanks of the smithy and the melodies of the royal trumpets. It was subtle like the whisper of the winds yet it was a warm, little seasoning to my days.

That's the reason why when that who called himself Terar came limping a trail of blood with a child of true-fire locks cradled in his arms, I heard him instead of burning him to ashes.

"Draelaar, I've reached your lair with a request," Terar said with wandering eyes, voice fading. "I beg you to hear me, for it is the last one I will speak."

"Utter them, you are the mercy of Jeriaz now," I said. "I'm not who to forbid your last words, but I'm to forget them."

He grinned a bloodied smile. "This child," Terar said and gently placed the whimpering little human on the floor, as if offering it. "This child is the infant princess of Velosin." He coughed crimson. "Take care of her! For she will avenge us all."

I laughed, "Why should I go through such trouble? I'm a dragon, a beast of might, gods to your kind," I said.

Terar collapsed to the floor, blood pooling beneath his legs. With a last breath and stretched arms he spoke his final words, "She's a moon rider."

I felt a coldness exploding inside like splintering stalactites burying deep within my flesh. A moon rider? They were myths made for the children with delusions of powerful magic. They weren't real, weren't they? Magic was long since extinct.

I grabbed the infant princess with my talon, two purple scars, like half-crescent moons traversed through the corners of her eyes, down to the bottom of her lips.

It was like in the myths.

-----------------------------------------------------

Part 2 coming in a bit!

/r/therobertfall


"I didn't have a lot to do with the neighbors. We just sort of existed... They had their space and I had mine and that was that. It's not that we didn't know that each other was there because, well, of course we did. The small village had existed for centuries, appearing roughly some 300 years after I found my first resting place, it started as a few huts in the middle of a clearing and steadily grew from there."

"A few times a year I would fly over to see how they were doing (needless to say I did not get a warm welcome, the usual stuff, a few arrows here and there a boulder or two, nothing serious). After a while I lost interest to be honest it didn't look like they were up to much and I wasn't getting anything from my fly overs, sure I still kept tabs on them as they grew but if they didn't bother me then why should I bother them? So over 200 years while they grew from a small village in a forest to a town I kept to myself, feeding when I needed to and sleeping the rest. As time ticked by my dwelling became to small and I had to move, in those times I did check on the human inhabitants out of passing interest, noting the times when they were growing and the times when disaster stuck, fire, flood, plague and the like."

It is worth noting that not all dragons hoard precious items like gold, jewel. There are some that pursue the hoarding of knowledge (these often shape shift to lesser forms to achieve such ends though why they do such a thing is beyond me such forms have their drawbacks and to be perfectly honest should be beneath our kind), others like myself are content to lie and watch the world making use of natural gifts of far-sight and hearing though often we take a little more interest in certain subjects than others much like my village and for these we rouse ourselves from our rest to investigate further as well as avail ourselves of other benefits such movement brings (staying indoors does cramp ones wings after awhile). The other benefit of such watchfulness other than a full centuries rest without interruption by knights or mages and the like is the low cost of moving oneself to new environs.

"It was shortly after one such move, some having just fed myself and found a new cave to rest for a new century of watching the world around me, I noticed that the small town had experienced a long period of growth and had flourished to the point where it was now a city with several outlying towns and with what my far-sight could see had elevated one of their number to rule over them. It was I thought more than a little surprised (amazing how time flies in the blink of a dragons eye) time to fly over them once more and see how my village had progressed. Needless to say while I was expecting my usual welcome, though as it had been some time since I flew over them (preferring to watch from afar as I had done for the past 200 or so years) it was not entirely by surprise that while there were the usual screams of horror and surprise, the arrows were not as forth coming. Noting this I did fly over the central city of this burgeoning and successful kingdom to find them woefully under prepared for my appearance (not that I do anything aside from fly over, dragons that burn cities are sooo uncouth and frankly a boor) after so many years of absence so even more so it does explain what happens next..."

___________________________________________________________________________________
"Hello?, Hello is anyone there?" *cough*, *cough*, "Can you hear me? I need your help!".

The Dragon opened one scaled eye wondering what or who was making that unearthly racket, he had after his fashion just settled down to watch the world and rest for the next one hundred years or so. 

"oh thank god you're still here!" *cough*

His eye lazily searched his cave and settle on the shiny humanoid figure standing in the entrance to his cave, adjusting to the light now pouring through his iris he spoke: "HUMAN YOU HAVE DISTURBED MY REST, WHY HAVE YOU COME, I HAVE NEITHER RICHES NOR KNOWLEDGE FOR YOU TO PLUNDER AND ANY ATTEMPT TO TAKE OF MY BEING WILL BE MET WITH DISAPPOINTMENT AND DEATH ON YOUR PART".

Bending slightly under the pressure of the dragons speech (it is no easy thing to have a dragon speak to you), the weak reply came "O dragon I desire not *cough* riches nor knowledge for in truth I desire none and I *hack* am not long for this world" *cough*

Collapsing under the weight of his armor and now apparent mortal wounds the soldier gestured to the basket on the cave floor now in front of him..

"please.... take her.... she will be safe with you...."


______________________________________________________________________________________
As I gazed upon the basket before me the soldier as I had ascertained him to be breathed, his last and passed from this mortal realm. 

Now my other senses had awoke I smelled fire and within the flame charred timber, stone and flesh and above it all the screams of death and the dying. Fully  rising from my place of rest I took to the sky knowing full well what would meet my gaze, the kingdom I had followed the progress of with some interest over the years, razed to the ground, its riches taken, men and women slain or slaved. I guess such is the way of human life that which I have watched for those long years full of life and love and on the other foot hatred and jealousy such had befallen my neighbors and while sad nothing too upsetting for I assume at least for now nature will either reclaim what remains or the humans will return and rise again..

"As such my tale is finished and I must ask you Andrisdia the spell for taking human form."

"Really? Ovryrth? You of all dragons? Do you not despise such forms?"

____________________________________________________________________________________
Ovryrth smiled a dragon smile as the babe in the basket woke and wailed "Times must I'm afraid".




_________________________________________________________
Let me know what you think this is my first reply to a prompt hope I did well enough.


Please be gentle, first time attempt + not my first language + on my phone, so formatting is bad

.

.

.

I look at him, bewildered. 

"Don't you know what dragons normally do with princesses?"

He is breathing heavily, bleeding, dying. His eyes are wet as he looks at the baby which does not seem to understand the seriousness of the situation and is laughing gleefully. For him it is either getting killed by the invaders straight away or having a tiny glimpse of hope attached to my mercy. 

I regret my question immediately. 

What other choice could he have? And a dragon, a mighty one like me if I may add, is the best protection.

 Still, I do not approve of this. What do I want with a tiny human baby that I will probably crush with my tail accidentally when I sleep. I have enough trouble wi-

"Oh my!! What is this???"

Oh no. Exactly what I wanted to avoid. Grialda comes speeding out of the deeper parts of the cave. After our hunt in the morning I thought she would be deep asleep. 

Or hoped.

The soldiers eyes are bulging out of his sockets; then he quickly composes himself. He didn't expect another dragon. And probably didn't expect another dragon that is only about his size. 

Yes, I produced an offspring.

"Can we keep it? Muuuum, please!"

...This is not helping me being majestic and all.
The soldier is looking rather hopeful now although I can see that in a few moments he will be gone.

"Please...Take good care of her." And with this words he collapses.


The smell of burning permeated once again. Not of familiar brimstone but of distant, foreign suffering. At the dawn of time, the Foremother Catalhoyuk laid to rest and her body became the material plane. An ancient dragon, one of the few remaining daughters of the Foremother, gradually unfastened her eyelids from the deepest of slumbers. Lights flickered across her immaculate scales, the shatters of glass-like substance resounding in her chamber as she lifted her weary head.

What an ugly stench it was that greeted her nostrils. As always, it came from above... for centuries humanity had inhabited the world on the surface, their growth and prosperity grand in scale. Perhaps too much so. Auramazda the Watcher, out of the remaining daughters, was the only one to have any form of connection to them. It was not something she wished for, rather it was a responsibility given to her by the Foremother. A fate she could not defy nor escape.

Her cavern was massive, even her own colossal form taking up only a fraction of its chamber space. Lined across every wall, the entirety of the ceiling and a majority of the floor, a bright ocean of fantastic crystals were spread everywhere. They glimmered like stars in the night sky. These photonic crystals shone light perpetually, light that conveyed to her the knowledge of all things. About the world above, about humanity and their endeavors. Their triumphs... and their sins. These crystals, that were her home for eternity, were constructs that documented the history of the world. And she was the reluctant archivist.

It was far too long ago, to recall when Auramazda had last seen them as a subject of interest. It only took millennia since the beginning of life to realize how obscene and obtuse these creatures were. They reveled in greed and gluttony, embraced their carnal desires, thrived on the lust for conflict. Countless wars over pointless beliefs and meager disagreements, that ravaged the land that the Foremother's body had offered to them. Auramazda was forced to witness all of this over the years, decades and centuries. At first, she felt pity. Then she felt anger, and sorrow, and grief for the humans. The cycle continued until even her compassionate spirit grew dull to the emotions. Dullness eroded into roughness. It worsened into contempt. Yet even those feelings have since died out... all that was left was a void. She cared not for these creatures anymore. For all she believed in, they were welcome to prosper and snuff themselves out for as long as she lay dormant down here.

As she chose to ignore the latest projections of the crystals and hunker down for her next year-long nap, a sheer crackling roused her enough to momentarily abstain from such plans. In the most drastic movement she's made in centuries, she raised her head up fully and bore witness to what could only be considered a miracle. Fragments of crystal matter tumbled down a recess in the cavern wall opposite to her, and along with the mess of shards was...

A single human.

Clad in smoldered armor and dried blood, the filthy creature rolled onto the smooth granite floor and spluttered his horrid rust-colored blood across the pristine rock. Auramazda sat still and observed, as was her purpose. This human was dying, and nothing could be done. It was just unfortunate for both of them that they had somehow fallen into the center of the world...

"... true... it was true..."

The dying man pried himself off the ground with a broken sword. He clutched something to his chest, bundled up in charred rags. Crystal splinters stuck out of every part of his body, causing him to bleed even more all over. Yet he still strode forward with haggard steps. The will to survive... no, Auramazda knew better than this. No such instincts would come from a single creature's desire to continue living. This was conviction. This human was serving a purpose to which their dying breath would be an appropriate payment for its success... and thus, she let him proceed. It was beautiful, and it was tragic.

Finally, he collapsed before her makeshift throne. He coughed blood again before managing to fix desperate eyes upon her grandiose form. They dilated, for he could see the ultimate goal before his eyes... even as his bodily functions started to sequentially shut down.

"... please... our... only hope..."

For eons, humanity had lived in a world of rationality. They were the alpha, they were the omega. The world was theirs and theirs alone. Their prosperity rose only from their own deeds. Gods did not exist, nor did miracles. A world where seeing is believing, where scholarly studies and theorems were the deciding factors of what existed and what didn't... all of that was now moot for the man, as he lay before the monumental evidence that destroyed all of those beliefs. If he had the energy, he would be shuddering all over. From fear, from excitement. The extremes of human emotion coursed through him from simply gazing upon this god-like entity.

The bundled cloth-bound package was slid forward towards Auramazda. The man was on the last steps of his final gamble. The chasm that was purported to hold the secrets of the world... to think the culmination of such superstitions would become the ultimate salvation. With those thoughts laying his mind to rest, the soldier uttered his final words:

"... save... her... us..."

Silence. Crystalline dust tinkled in the air as it decorated the soldier's corpse. It was like an imperfect ink spill on an exquisite canvas. The ancient dragon had no words to utter, nor any pity to offer. She simply lowered her head again... perhaps if she slept long enough, his body would decompose into nothingness. However... again, her journey into empty dreams was disrupted by an alien noise. Cries echoed throughout her lair as she shifted her head again and peered down at the bundle of cloth... it unraveled itself and there lay a baby girl. A hatchling that could barely walk, covered in ash and dirt... but otherwise unscathed.

She considered mercy. The lair rumbled as she shifted one of her huge clawed arms, peeling away from the crystals that had formed a carapace along its length. Although, she stopped as she raised it into the air. Her eyes flashed... for the first time in so long, she heard the voice of the Foremother. Every fiber of her being froze in the voice of maternal authority as she was given her next command... her final purpose:

*Plant the seed, so that they may flourish.*

... Her claws withdrew themselves. The crying intensified, as Auramazda lowered her giant head towards the baby human. Yet, as she drew closer, the crying started to simmer down. A golden glare met the tiny, infantile glance... rather than instinctual fear that would drive many to the verges of despair, the child simply smiled and reached out. She didn't move a muscle, as the tiny hand reached forward... and touched the smooth surface of her nose, as her eyes slid shut.

The daughter understood now. These imperfect beings, they too were children. They needed to be nurtured so that they could be beautiful. Just like everything else the Foremother had spawned into existence. Humanity had been misguided by its own naivety. It was time to correct them, to restore the fantasy that was missing from their lives. Thus, her purpose now... the duty she would bring to fulfillment with her own dying breath:

"Child... no. Manah, my child. How cruel it is for such a fate to be thrust upon you... but the Foremother has spoken. I shall foment a new era of humanity, and you shall be my instrument in doing so."

---

Will do a Part 2 at some point.


The soldier held out the baby and struggled to stand up right. He was clearly beyond hope. From lips turning blue he said "P-please.. It's.. It's the princess...."

The dragon looked at him for the longest time and then said

"No"

A great door slammed in his face.

And thus ended the tale of Mjolnir the grumpy dragon.


We come from here, a familiar home.   

**They came from afar, a forgotten foe**.   

We marched, through mud and rain.    

**They raced, bringing fire and pain.**     

On the battlements we stood, growing in dread.   

**They ran forwards, to walls, they sped.**    

We braced for force, our soldiers feared.      

**An endless tide, at death, they stared.**     

We were pulled below, the savage onslaught.      

**I saw them fall, slaughtered like dogs.**      

The horn was blown, the retreat was called.      

**But they would be no reprieve, their city was lost.**        

I ran through empty alleys, broken homes.    

**I saw the breaking, the fear, of each their own.**    

I ran to the keep, our final stand.      

**But there would be no mercy, they would consume this land.**      

I saw our queen in terror, the child in her arms.       

**I saw the rivers of blood, burning towers and farms.**       

She gave me the child, to flee with our lives.      

**They blacked the skies, with spears and knives.**          

I took her and ran, ran until I could run no more.      

**I screamed and fell, fell to the ground below**        

A darkened figure, a fallen star.          

**A terrified soldier, seen from afar**.         

I stumbled forward, the last resort.       

**I waited for death, yet another it took**.        

In the wake of broken trees, I saw it.         

**In the canopy of fallen leaves, I saw her.**      

The dragon that would save this world.         

**The princess who would burn it all.**


The dragon lifted his head up to the smell of blood and saw for the first time in centuries the figure of a human man. With his keen eyes he noticed that the human had struggled to make his way up to the cave he lived in, up in the mountains miles away from the nearest kingdom. The dragon just sat there indifferent as the injured man approached urgently with a small bundle in his stained arms. 

He smelled something more pure from beneath the wool blanket. The man noticing where the dragon’s eyes were looking at quickly spoke.

“That is why I’m here.” He coughed out the words with difficulties and almost out of breath. “This is the Princess of my beloved kingdom which is now being invaded by our neighboring country. Princess Georgiana might be the only survivor of the royal family as we speak.”

The dragon turned his head unfazed and the man grew desperate knowing that the dragon was not interested in his story. 

“PLEASE! Protect Princess Georgiana!” The man urged as he fell to the ground on his weak knees.  “I beg of you.” 

The dragon watched curiously at his actions and expression. He saw the small man tremble, but not in fear as he had witnessed so many before him do, but in hopelessness. 

Suddenly from beneath the blanket came a soft cry. Then out came a small hand reaching out to touch the man’s face. The dragon observed as the man stop trembling and gradually regain his courage. He raised his head up in determination towards the dragon with his tear-streaked face. There was a new resolve glowing in his eyes.  

‘Curious.’ Spoke a solemn voice inside the man’s head, and he knew it belonged to the dragon. ‘How could a small thing change a man’s spirit within a few minutes?’

“She is our Kingdom’s hope.” The man answered. 

‘I want this power that changes men’s resolve. I have seen the strongest warriors with such glow win battles and glory.’ The dragon’s voice echoed louder in greed, ‘If this bundle you carry in your arms will give me that power then I’ll take her as you desire.’

Before the man could say a word the dragon had suddenly snatched the blanket with the princess inside from the man’s arms. He held his breath as the dragon laid the bundle on his outstretched claw. The dragon pulled the blanket away and curiously starred at the baby girl. Georgiana suddenly smiled and started to giggle. The dragon had never heard such beautiful melody coming from humans before. 

“I trust you will keep Princess Georgiana safe?” The man spoke tentatively and shocked to see a small smile form on the dragon’s intimidating face. 

‘You have my word man. Now leave.’ 

The man looked at the princess one last time before leaving with hope.


"Noooooope. No chance. No way. I'm not falling for this one again," the dragon bellowed, "I mean, seriously Dominic, how dumb do you think I am?"

"Well, first of all it's *Sir* Dominic the Bold"

"More like Sir Dominic the Dumbass for thinking that I would take care of a princess after what happened last time."

Dominic paused. He wasn't sure what he was expecting from this conversation, but he was pretty sure it wasn't this. "Sir Dragon," he stammered, before being cut off.

"How many times do I have to tell you people?! My name is Phil! Not Sir Dragon, not Lord Dragon, not even Trogdor the Burninator... **Just. Phil.**"

Dominic began quaking in his boots as Phil's ire continued to rise, but he knew he had to complete his mission, for the good of the Kingdom. 

"I've been here for millennia, minding my own business," Phil continued, "and every couple hundred years, you imbeciles manage to get yourselves in a war you can't win and come crying to me for help."

"Sir--" Dominic began, before catching himself, "I mean, Phil... What happened 'last time'? You may have lived for thousands of years, but I'm only twenty two, so forgive me for my ignorance."

Phil growled. This human seemed different than the ones in centuries past. But time had taught him to always be cautious around these creatures, for they were small and flammable, but clever and deceitful. "Every two hundred years or so," Phil sighed, "you imbeciles manage to piss off a neighboring nation more powerful than you, and when they raid your Kingdom, every time, without fail someone comes to seek my help. Usually for help in the battle, but sometimes they come seeking my help to watch over the heir to the throne. Seven centuries ago, a man not much older than yourself convinced me to watch over the Prince until he could take the throne. Not three years later, knights raided my cave seeking to kill me for kidnapping the Prince."

"Surely, one incident hasn't--" 

Phil cut off Dominic swiftly. "What is that human expression... Ah, yes. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. For, you see, three hundred years later I was approached again. The castle had fallen, but this time it was the Queen herself who graced my presence. She had escaped the castle, but had grown separated from the King. She was with child. I helped her give birth to a son. She died shorty after giving birth to the man who would become King Philip the Draco."

"She named him after you, that's quite the honour, Phil!"

"It was an honour, indeed. Until sixteen months later when my fortress was assaulted by the King, Philip's father, for regicide and kidnapping again. You see, he had no idea that I had helped the Queen and had raised his son. He wanted vengeance for the death of his bride. I killed him in self defense, but that night I left Philip with the castle Steward, and explained what happened... That was almost four hundred years ago. It hurt so much to have to give up my son, and to have my name besmirched by your kind, yet again. I swore to never help the Throne again."

Dominic certainly had not been expecting this. When the King entrusted him this task with his dying words, Dominic never would have known that he wasn't the first human to approach the dragon asking for a favour like this. Dominic hesitated, then quietly said, "look, Phil... I understand that humans haven't exactly been kind to you"

Phil scoffed, as a small puff of smoke escaped his nostrils.

"I do," Dominic continued, "but without your help... The princess, lady Phyllis, will die alongside me, in a creek overflowing with blood"

Phil paused. "What did you say her name was?"

Dominic smiled, his plan was working. "Lady Phyllis, of the Draco clan."

Phil began to sniffle. Dominic had never seen a dragon in person before, and from what he had heard, he thought they were incapable of crying.

"Alright." Phil growled, "I'll do it. On one condition."

Dominic was elated! "Yes! Anything!"

"You have to stay here too, to explain this to whomever inevitably comes to kill me in a few years."

Dominic knew he had no choice. "I agree to your terms, Sir Phil the Draco. You are a being of honour."

"And you are a human with a noble heart, something I did not expect to see again."

Dominic looked to the infant princess, and smiled dryly. 'Forgive me,' he thought to himself, 'Princess Abigail.'


The sound of her small shod feet echoed through the cavern. The fear from the nightmare that had woken her was fading, but the apprehension at not finding her mother in her own bed was rising.

She moved towards the kitchen and study. "Mother?" she called out, but at not hearing a response, she darted past them and towards the living space she spent most of her time in. 

It was a larger room in this series of caverns, decorated with soft rugs and comfy furniture and a big table where she and her mother would eat and learn and play. But her mother was not here. The fireplace was cold and everywhere was dark.

"Mother?" she called out again, this time a little louder, real fear beginning to coil in her belly.

Through the large wooden doors separating the living space from the cavern that led to the outside, she heard noises. Clattering, almost. The doors rattled in their frames as if a large wind had pushed its way down the tunnel, which made her jump with fear. She walked towards the doors anyway, wanting to see, wanting to know. 

The tunnel was dark as she swung the doors open. She picked her way silently towards the entrance of the cave, hearing the soft sound of what seemed like a thousand birds rustling their feathers. Turning the last corner and poking her small head up over some rocks, she gasped at what she saw. 

A large dark shape was blocking the entrance to the cave. She saw it shift sharply at her small noise, and was about to rush back into the safety of the tunnel when she heard a voice from the darkness speak to her.

"Toryl? Is that you?"

"Mother?" Toryl whispered, fear making her whimper. "Mother, there's something here."

"Not something, my dear sweet child. Me." The torches her Mother kept hanging on the wall by the tunnel's entrance caught on fire, the way her Mother lit them with her magic. The sudden light made Toryl squint her eyes shut tight, but as she blinked the pain away, she looked towards the shape. 

It was deep purple, almost black. As it moved around the large cavern, its skin rippled and its scales glinted like water with the fire-light. The large wings protruding from its back were leathery and tucked against its body, and the tail, sharp and studded with evil looking barbs, curled around the powerful legs of what she knew was a dragon.

"Mother?" she whispered, eyes wide.

"Yes, child." The dragon replied. Toryl blinked, and the shape was small and walking towards her. It was her mother again. The soft, warm hands of the woman who had cared for her all of her life picked her up. She carried her back through the tunnel, back through the cavern where they ate and learned and played. Back through tunnel that passed the kitchen and the study. Back into her small, warm, dark bedroom with her soft bed and her toys. 

Her mother placed her back in bed, covering her and kissing her on the forehead. Then she sat on the edge of the bed, her back to Toryl, the faint glow of the embers in the fireplace outlining her like the dragon in the cave had been. 

"I want to tell you a story about a dragon, a princess, and the knight that saved them both."


They called him the Devourer of Worlds, the Flying Fortress, the Bane of the Gods. 

They also called him the Nanny, after he had agreed to taking in a baby girl. An undignified title for one as great as himself, to be sure, but Azaroth would be lying if he said he didn't take at least a bit of pride in it. He would, however, never admit to it.

"Dad!" called out a voice from the entrance of the cave. "I'm back!"

Azaroth snorted, and a puff of smoke filled the cavern. "Where did you go?"

The outline of a slim girl came into view, carrying a huge boar's carcass on her shoulders. Her midsection was bleeding and her attire was torn, but she seemed not to notice. "Hunting. He got me in the sides, but I got him in the head."

Perthesia heaved, then lifted the boar overhead and slammed it into the ground. Over a decade of a diet infused with magical fire had given her abilities beyond that of regular humans - not that she had anyone to compare it to. "I saw the castle today."

Azaroth growled. "I thought I told you not to go near there."

"Dad, it's fine," said Perthesia. "They've never seen me."

"What would happen if they did?" 

"How should I know? You've never told me."

Azaroth paused. Humans were unnaturally curious, and had a tendency to seek out the 'ifs' of the 'what ifs'. Unlike whelps, who knew instinctively to stay out of danger, humans would actively pursue it, as he himself had evidenced over decades of shooing then away. 

_________

*16 years ago*

"I've never seen a seal like this," said the captain of the guards. "Can you read it?"

Tygon took a second to recall his wizard training. 

*Runes of green, hide unseen.*

*Runes of red, seal the dead.*

*Runes of blue, don't go through.*

The rune before him was a shimmering purple, marked with golden specks. Tygon could only speculate, but chances were that whatever was behind the door wasn't good. "I don't know. Don't open it."

Captain Markov chuckled. "It's fine. We've got the best army and the Tower of Magis working together. It can't be that bad."

He waved a hand, and two of his men went up to the door. Tygon wanted to protest, but he was admittedly equally curious. 

__________

"Why can't I go to the village, Dad?" asked Perthesia innocenty, in between bites of boar. Juice was trickling down her mouth. 

"Don't talk with your mouth full."

"Don't evade the question."

Azuroth held back the desire to breathe fire onto his adoptive daughter. Admittedly, it would do nothing to her but show his displeasure, but it was satisfying to think of it. 

"I'm 16, Dad. I think I'm old enough to know."

The elder dragon said nothing. 

"If you're not going to tell me, I'll find out for my-"

"NO!"

The cavern trembled with the force of Azuroth's roar. Perthesia trembled, but remained defiant. Her father sighed.

"I'll tell you if you promise never to go back to the village."

"I promise," said Perthesia immediately. Azuroth was aware of how fickle human promises were, but it still provided some semblance of comfort anyway. He sighed.

"Listen closely. I'll only say this once..."

__________

*16 years ago*

"Your Highness, we've lost the Third and Fourth battalions. The Second is under heavy fire, and the Tower of the Magi are retreating. We can't win this war; all our slain troops just resurrect as the dead's forces."

The courier spoke calmly, as he was trained to, but the entire court could see him quaking in his boots. 

King Perthax kneaded his temples. "We have nowhere to run. The civilians have been-"

"Slaughtered, every last one of them. They caught us as we were ferrying them out the back."

Perthax gazed into the sky. Beside him, Queen Penelope hushed a crying baby.

"I will not abandon my troops. Penelope, you take Perthesia and… run. Keep her alive."

"No, my Lord. I swore to stay by your side. We will face this together."

Perthax expected nothing less. 

"…Fine. Courier, you are the fastest in the kingdom, are you not? Take Perthesia and run. A single person might make it out. Do not let anything happen to her, or I'll haunt you after my death."

The courier saluted. With that, Penelope handed him her baby, kissing her one last time on her forehead. Perthax picked up his sword and touched his child on the forehead lightly, wishing he had the fortune to run. 

"Let's go, men."

An ensemble of gold-clad warriors roared and took up arms, all of them prepared to die.

__________

*15 years ago*

Roma staggered across the rocky outcrops, utterly exhausted. Behind him, a horde of the Dead chased him, determined to make him one of them. Roma cursed, still carrying Princess Perthesia, and stumbled into a cave.

The cave led to nothing but darkness. Roma was too weak to continue on, and could only kneel and crawl. His determination to survive was strong, but determination never saved anyone. 

"Help…" 

Roma collapsed, and Perthesia rolled across the rocky floor. She immediately began to cry, as the first Dead soldier made its way to the cave.

Suddenly, a huge swath of fire enveloped the cave, incinerating the Dead immediately. Roma gasped as the yellow eyes of a massive dragon filled his vision.

"Who are you?" asked Azuroth.

With the last of his strength, Roma recounted his story, and the subsequent fall of the Kingdom of Perthax.


*As day turned red, within smoldering flames - a heavy blood mist proved intoxicating to ones sanity. Without provocation, warning, or even sound, our modest, yet willful kingdom had been brought to it’s knees.*
 
The shackles proved too much to bear, as men tumbled from their homes, in deep conflict with adversaries of another realm, To protect their children, and in some cases, in a display of futile desperation - - their children’s children. The old, the young, and the women were first to go. Their empty husks seemed to empower the monsters; it was as though they could taste their effect in a physical sense.. and it was, simply put, disturbingly nutritious.

In the end it was left to those who had lost everything to preserve at least a fragment of their society.. and what better symbol than the princess herself. They hadn’t made it far before a stray terror had sought them out. Of the 14 who were fleeing the kingdom - this one terror discarded their count to a singular measly soldier before being subdued. Who knows if they even die the way other mortals do, but alas, the princess was fine for the most part. A red-orange scar had appeared on her tummy.. from a murderous attempt the terror had taken. Bleeding in a mortal fashion, the soldier wrapped the child, and continued into the woods.
 
Desperate for aid, he turned to lore passed down through generations, and forced his way down an ancient path riddled in petals. Coming to a scenic opening of forestry, a single tree stood tall..
 
*“Aru’ik”*, the soldier mustered, calling to an ancient legend that he himself doubted.
 
In that moment, there was nothing - the forest fell silent as though mocking him for his pitiful attempt. His kingdom had been lost, and now, a child would die within the wilderness. He sat in his failure, coddling the child. As he took his last breaths his vision ran dry, and his ears grew tired, just as his heart did.
 
Even through death’s embracing hand - he could see a massive split in the tree as Aru’ik, lord of the Forest, slithered from the gaping hole. He was a Dragon of Misconception: small, wingless, six legs, antlers, and deep green skin with floral highlights. The creature even had what appeared to be armor of bark.
 
*”Please.. Aru’ik”*, the soldier wheezed as he held up the infant..
 
He had no doubt that this was not a request - humans have a bad habit of guising their needs as wants, and their wants as needs.
 
This human needed him, and with a simple extension of his tail - he constructed a flower bed for the infant.

The other human needed him too, he could see that, and with a simple extension of his arm - he too would have a bed of his own beneath the Earth.
 
Although, carrying the child revealed something strange - as he turned towards the flower bed he unraveled the synthetic comforts humans were so fond of, and he saw the glowing red-orange mark..
 
It was this moment when the blood mist seethed in.
__________________________
 *part 2*

The dragon slowly receded back into his wooden giant - the human child secure, and slumbering within a bed of flowers which he held at the end of his tail. Having been commanded to, the tree repaired itself, shrouding dragon, and human alike within it’s protective guise.
 
“Enclosed within the tree I am connected with the earth directly. Through my scales sprout roots which link me to *my* forest. Why, how I’ve slept - everything is teeming with life.. but I can feel my children dying. Far off into the distance, yet closing in, destruction wonders in loose pursuit.” He had thought to himself.

That’s not all, *Aru’ik winces, and settles into a concentrated trance*, this mist paints my forest red. A prelude to madness... “I feel something else.. something imminent!”, he exclaimed, and just as he had the tree ruptured open; Aru’ik swiftly obeyed natures will. He leaped from his den with piercing speed - smashing against the ground generating a shockwave of earth. A red smoldering streak of blood, bone, and corpses slammed against the tree of Aru’ik. Snapping it throughout, and sowing corruption deep into it’s roots. As it fell, all of it’s leaves withered away in a display of total destruction.
 
Within a moment, Aru’ik had witnessed the destruction of his nest.. he stood still, now fully embarked in armor. Howls raged in the near distance - quickly closing in, Aru’ik readied himself for what he knew would be bloodshed.
 
**“Come, then!”** — his voice shackled the very trees before him, and they bent to his will so that he may see his adversaries. He stood tall on his back legs, snarled, weeped streams of water for his lost home - then let loose a primal roar. This only made his pursuers hasten their approach, so he too, began taking his steps forward. Each step with his hooves sprung piercing roots. Each breath exuded launched poisonous spores. At last, they were upon him - the first beast lunged forward between Aru’ik’s legs aiming for the child. He called upon thorns to impale the creature - who still desperately clawed towards the child.
 
“Why are you so determined?” Aru’ik whispered, what fiends plagued his land? Their desperation to kill this child is disturbing, *Aru’ik stomped the creature beneath him to silence it’s pursuit, and snags three others that attempted to run by him*
 
“Speak, I command it”, but all they mustered were gasps, moans, and cries - - so he slammed them into the Earth repeatedly until he felt that they were done. Most things die quite tragically, as the power of life extinguishes, it’s a spiritual bomb that launches the deceased into their next plane of reality. These creatures.. these beasts - - they were just the opposite. Tragic in life, but their end is so mundane as if it were just a simple release of vague consciousness.
 
He continued his defense successfully for a moment before things began to clear - and he took the opportunity to flee further inland. His heart was heavy under the burden of preserving this human child, and for that of losing his home. For his beautiful gardens now coated in red, and for coming punishments that would undoubtedly come his way. Aru’ik had broken draconic decrees.


"To my dearest Yvain


I was a dragon, strong and old stuck in a cave for a crime you should never know. How long has it been I wonder since I was out? For the last time I walked these grounds there was no town or city but forest ever so green. 

This was where the magical beings stayed until the mortals arrived or so I'm told . As the magical beings left they soon forget of the little old me stuck in the cave, it's funny to how one lost is another gain, for the mortals or what you call humans found me. They started fight me not that they should try. I was never their enemy or even a foe but this all fell as did they all. They call me a monster as each hero failed to return thinking I had ate them when all I did was to freeze them is all I did. Is it really wrong to defend your home? When people come at you with axes and swords? 

Anyhow as the kingdom grew so did their might, I was avoided as the forest around my cave grew thick and I didn't mind that or that's what I said for I wished for a friend or maybe someone that would stay in this cold cave of mine. Should have been more careful with my wish if not trouble would come, not that I'm saying your trouble more of a headache than murderous intent. For one day that man came with bruises and wounds that would have been deadly but he was determined to come and see me, a little nobody. 

He came with you, the treasure he cared he begged me and asked me to take you in for that's where your destiny lie. "Please great dragon take this child" he started as he told me of what happened outside. He told me of how his kingdom had fallen and to how their enslaved. He spoke of your father and how he died protecting the country he once called home. 

As he tried to preach to me to take you in I could see it in his face he was dying. Thus I stopped him half way telling him I was no great dragon but merely a mischievous one stuck in a cave. He stared at me with eyes I could never forget and said "but the stars tell me another story it's said that you two are bound by fate so please...." He never finish his sentence and I was left with you. 

The first few years I wonder how it would go caring for a baby no older than a week old. Lucky I never killed for those people that came to attack me now are your caretaker,your teachers and friends to this little village we call home. Yet as time pass I never realize how your now old enough to take on your destiny and for me to take on mine.
 
If your wondering why I'm writing rather than telling you all these, it's because I've given up my life to make you stronger, maybe then your pain won't be as bad. 

Take on my scales as I've asked them to make it armor so that the enemy can't push you down with their numbers for I worry their swords and arrows will Pierce your skin.

Take on the sword made from my scales for I know that's the only thing you can wield. You always refuse to fight not because your weak but because you know it's not right so take on this sword for it will protect you and those you wish. It's a sword fit you a queen

Take on my wings and let it be your mantle, let it warm you on those cold nights at war so you remember your not alone.

Take on my wisdom for I worry you'll be fool for the world there's many people that wish to take advantage of you my princess. 

Take on my strength and let it be your own so you can succeed for that road to your success is filled with hardship and heartache however I'm sure you'll succeed with or without my help

Not that I'm complaining. I was happy to see you grow I never realize that these people could be so kind. I was lonely for so long forgotten by so many people, that I forgot warmth. Yet seeing you smile melted this cold heart of mine. 

Do you remember your first words? I do it was tia.. that's what you called me. Me whom was nameless only being seen as a scary dragon people avoid. Yet you gave me a name with a smile on your face never once running away. That made me happy in this short life of mine..
I wished the stars let us met sooner than maybe this cold prison won't be as bad, however why am I to question fate for I have met you the sun in my life...

My destiny was to be released by you and was I ever, for you've released me from my pain and torture. From my solitude and silence, by bringing discord and happiness.

So please find your happiness... For I have already found mine in your smile....


Yours truly 
The nameless dragon you call gon"

"But gon ....how can I be happy without you..."

Edit: comments are welcome please tell me if it's ok


The moment I had long foreseen had come to pass.

"I will not."  

My daughter's voice bore no trace of doubt.  As far as she was concerned there would be no further argument on the matter.  I smiled, despite the strain.  She truly was my daughter, although we were not truly kin.  

"You must."  

Of course, if in truth that confidence and self-assurance came from me then I would simply turn it back upon her.  My voice was as level, even and factual.  I would give quarter no easier than she would.  

"Child.  Daughter-mine.  I have known, since the moment I laid eyes upon you - since the moment the hapless soldier carrying you stepped into my domain - that this day would come.  You were but a mewling infant, newly ripped from the arms of your mother.  But my kind has sight beyond sight and I saw you for what you truly were.  A sword in thy hand and a crown upon thy brow.  A warrior.  A conqueror.  A queen."

"And so you have raised me father.  You have shown me the way of the sword and the rod.  You have taught me the ways of kings and queen - who better, to be such a tutor than one who has seen so many kingdoms of man and elf and dwarf rise and fall?  And now the fruits of your labour will be rewarded.  You shall see me gain vengeance upon those who have killed my blood family and enslaved my people.  You shall see me ride victorious in to my castle.  And my subjects shall one and all know that it was you who saved me.  You who made their freedom possible.  Your name will be sung until the end of time."

Again I struggled to smile.  I had little doubt that she would do all she claimed for I had foreseen it all.  And much of the rest too.  The love of her life and his betrayal.  The loss of her first child, stillborn from her womb.  The battles she would win.  And lose.  The kingdom she would found.  And eventually her own death, which hurt me in ways I dared not speak of, even to her.

But I would not be there for them.  

"Perhaps my name will be sung, perhaps not.  But I know that this must end here and now.  For I saw more in you than just who you were meant to be, daughter.  I saw what you were meant to do.  All those great things you will accomplish.  And I learned, the moment I saw you, that you would be my doom."

The was a moment of silence.  Then a hesitant question.  "Why have you not spoken of this before father?"

"Because you might have tried to avoid it.  You are strong-willed daughter.  You do not accept what the world has laid before you.  But it is one thing to fight ones foes, against those who would oppress them.   It is another to struggle against fate itself.  That is a losing battle, always.  The struggle simply makes the journey more painful.  I would not give you the opportunity to suffer in that way."

She glared at me, as if I had done her some harm.  Perhaps I had, sheltering her as I had done.  But I would make the same choice again, and again.

"Our kinds - we are not compatible."  I continued.  "Mortal races - their mere presence harms dragon-kind in some unspeakable way.  It eats away at their mind, at their will.  It leaves them vessels of bare desire and raw emotion.  Creatures of rage and fire.  It is why we become monsters eventually.  It is why I have lived here, well beyond the borders of mortal kingdoms, for all my life.  But my time with you - I can feel it now daughter.  The darkness within me.  It struggles to be free.  I am becoming like the mad dog - I must be put down, so that you can be free."

"Then why take me in?  Why not kill me, or send me away?"

"As I said - it is folly to struggle against fate.  But in raising you I have become something greater than myself.  In raising you I have gained so much more than I have lost.  Caring for you.  Watching you grow.  Even though I cannot put it into words, I suspect you will understand one day - when you have children of your own.  They will come - yes, I have foreseen that too.  And grandchildren beyond them.  And you will tell them stories of me.  You will share my wisdom and my guidance and in that way I will live forever - even if the bards do not sing songs of me.  Know that of all the places I have been, of all the things I have done, I consider raising you to be the greatest."

I stretched and roared, as the sudden burst of emotion weakened me against the darkness within.  "There is one more thing.  One request I will make of you daughter-mine.  You are not my only child and my other children will likely try to avenge me once they learn of my death.  Once I am gone you must eat of my heart and bathe in my blood."

"What will that do?"

"It is an old ritual of my kind.  It marks you as my heir.  Were you dragon-kind you would gain some of my strength and knowledge - that which I choose to gift to you, which would be everything.  But you are mortal and I do not know how it will affect you - save that you must do it.  My children may come for you, but marked as I have said they will not dare move against you."  A white lie.  My second child would indeed try to claim revenge, and the power my mortal daughter would wield in my name would make an example of him.  

There was a moment.  I could nearly see the thoughts within her head as she tried to find an angle of attack.  But there was none.  Not now.  "Very well father.  I will do as you ask."  She leaned forward and kissed me on the cheek.  I fought back the urge to snap at her.  "Though I wish it were not so."

I leaned forward, offering my daughter my neck.  "Do not wish it were not so.  To do so would take the last eighteen years away from me.  The greatest of my long life.  Instead, wish that we see each other again in another realm and perhaps there we can live in peace."  She sniffed loudly, and I felt a wetness upon my face I had never felt before.  Tears.  My own.  "Strike as true as you can daughter..." I said "...you truly are a dragon in spirit! 

There was another hesitation, and a second kiss on my cheek. 

"Goodbye..." we said in unison.


Mandallar looked at the infant with a mixture of disgust and awe. 

“How *that* came out of you will never cease to amaze my fires.” He grumbled to tiny Violet. He sighed and used his claws to pick through the wrappings before cleaning Violet and redressing her. 

The bookwyrm had been greatly amused when the soldier had appeared with the wee bundle. It had been a millennium since he had needed to steal a princess to show off his might and he had taken retirement seriously; only leaving his glade for new shipments of books. He sighed. “I’ve never had one as young as this before.”

~*~*~

Violet was crying. He shook his head. He still didn’t understand humans and especially his Violet much less. This time she was upset that the great dragon had been burned when he went to collect......steal his monthly tribute of books. 

“It’s just a wee burn Violet!” he protested “it didn’t do anything to me. I can’t even feel it!”

His princess, all of 12 years old, frowned up at him. “Then let me get the salve on it you great foolhardy wyrm!” she cried. “They’re hurting you to get to me after all; the least you could do is let me tend it.”

He sighed as he stretched out his wing to allow her to clamber aboard and tend the burn welt between his huge back spines. “Yes Princess”, he growled, not without affection. 

“Maybe it was a mistake teaching you to read...”

~*~*~

“Mandallar, I’m 20 now  and as such I’m leaving the glade” 

He frowned at Violet. “You’re still a pup, a mere child...MY child, I might add. You’re not going anywhere.”

She stamped her foot. “They come after me to get to you. It’s safer for you if I leave and make my own way in the world. My kingdom is in ruins and you’ve taught me all you can. I must take my place as ruler. Which means I must leave.”

Mandallar looked at his charge with pride. Yes. It was time. He had finally fulfilled the charge the soldier had laid on him when he had stumbled into his glade those 19 years ago. 

“Don’t let her become her father...” he had gasped. “Don’t lead her down the path of evil great wyrm. It’s said you’re the most intelligent creature in the land. Teach her to be good.”

Mandallar stared Violet in the eye, his great golden orb whirling gently as he regarded her. He sighed. “Silly princess,” he grumbled “do you think I will let you leave me so soon? I am your closest friend. You will need me.” 

He stretched his neck downward so she could climb aboard. “My princess, let’s go win back your kingdom” he rumbled. Standing his full height he left his glade. Onward to adventure. Mandallar’s crest frilled. Finally he’d be a part of the book.

The End


FADE IN:

INT. AN ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - NIGHT

*Three men and a woman sit at a makeshift table, each of them facing what appears to be a haphazardly assembled stage. These are ALAN, STEVE, DAVE, and CHELSEA, respectively. Bare bulbs cast harsh illumination on the threadbare curtain, leaving the rest of the room in shadows.*

**ALAN:** Okay, come on out.

*The curtain is hesitantly pulled aside by a young man. This is ROBERT, a would-be terrorist.*

**DAVE:** Introduce yourself, please.    
**ROBERT:** Uh... my name is, uh... Robert.    
**CHELSEA:** You're not really coming across as intimidating, Robert.

*Robert ignores Chelsea, seemingly pretending that she isn't even present.*

**STEVE:** I'll tell you right now, I just don't get a real commitment vibe from you.    
**ROBERT:** (*Shouting*) I am committed! I am dedicated to the cause!

*Alan, Steve, Dave, and Chelsea all applaud.*

**ALAN:** Much better! *Much* better! Now, Robert... what are you going to do for us today?    
**ROBERT:** ... What?    
**ALAN:** You don't think we let just *anyone* become a terrorist who wants to be one, do you?    
**STEVE:** That would be silly.    
**ALAN:** Right! So, what special talents can you bring to the table?    
**ROBERT:** I have a burning hatred for our oppressors. I have singleminded conviction.    
**CHELSEA:** That's really not enough, honey. That's like a singer saying "it's my dream."

*Chelsea leans forward.*

**CHELSEA:** (*CONT'D*) Is it your dream to die for the cause?

*Robert ignores Chelsea again.*

**DAVE:** Are you going to answer her?    
**ROBERT:** Why is there a... *female*... here? Females are *inferior!*

*Alan, Dave, and Steve react with shock and mild disgust.*

**ALAN:** *Whoa!* Not okay, Robert!    
**STEVE:** Save that hatred for the cause, buddy.    
**DAVE:** No, wait, not for the cause.

*Alan and Steve turn to look at Dave.*

**STEVE:** What?    
**DAVE:** You're not supposed to hate the cause. You're supposed to *love* the cause.    
**STEVE:** You know what I meant.    
**DAVE:** Of course I do! Robert is new to the terrorism game, though. We don't want to confuse him.    
**ROBERT:** (*Shouting*) What the hell is going on?!

*All eyes turn back to Robert.*

**ROBERT:** (*CONT'D*) You're supposed to be a cell of ruthless killers! You're supposed to be dedicated to restoring morals and values!

*Dave snorts.*

**DAVE:** (*Muttering*) Morals and values through killing people...

*He glances around at the other members of his group.*

**DAVE:** (*CONT'D*) I mean, uh... heil hatred.    
**ALAN, STEVE, and CHELSEA:** Heil hatred!    
**ROBERT:** (*Screaming*) Stop, stop, *stop!* Is this a test?! Are you trying my sanity?    
**CHELSEA:** What's the problem?    
**ROBERT:** This isn't a recruitment! This is a goddamned "American Idol" audition!    
**ALAN:** No, it isn't. This is how terrorists recruit.    
**STEVE:** Totally. I've recruited, just... *so many* terrorists.    
**DAVE:** Me, too!

*Robert stares at the group, mouth agape. After a moment, he sighs and speaks into the collar of his shirt.*

**ROBERT:** Stand down, everyone. These are just a bunch of buffoons.

*From all around the darkened warehouse, figures in combat gear walk into the light. Dave, Steve, Alan, and Chelsea gawk at the sudden appearance. Robert pulls out a badge.*

**ROBERT:** (*CONT'D*) DHS. You're all under arrest.    
**DAVE:** Hey, wait! I'm FBI!

*Dave pulls out a badge.*

**STEVE:** Uh... CIA.

*Steve also pulls out a badge.*

**ALAN:** NSA.    

*ALAN pulls out his own badge. All eyes to turn Chelsea, who pulls out a detonator.*

**CHELSEA:** (*Shouting*) Heil hatred!

CUT TO BLACK.


*This is agent 328 - Affiliated with agency FBI.  Codename: Mitch.  I am on day 240, and I have been careful in hiding my tracks around here, but things are starting to take a turn for the worse.  I have risen in the ranks among the terrorist group, and I am getting close to finding the identity of "The Boss".  No one knows his face, and yet he still manages to give orders that are faithfully carried out.*

*In order to raise up into the ranks, I have had to dirty my hands a bit.  A sacrifice I am willing to make in order to protect the majority of the people.  I'm haunted by the fact I have killed some innocents to get here, but if they knew they died for the greater good, I believe they would understand, and be willing to give their lives again.*

*We received two new recruits today.  We explained to them our next target, specifically how we would be attacking the transit system to cripple the city.  I observed their reactions, and they were the polar opposite of each other.  One of them seemed genuinely excited for the cause.  His name was Joshua.  The other person was very hesitant as if she didn't have a strong enough conviction.  I questioned her loyalty for a bit.  She said her name was Sarah, and that she thought there was a better way to plan the attack.  I'm concerned she may be conspiring to get higher up than me.  If she ruins the progress I've made thus far, I may just need to put her down myself...*

*I just heard Sarah call for me.  I'm ending the status update now.  Agent 328, out.*

-------------------------------------------------

*Agent 156 of the CIA reporting in.  Codename: Sarah*

*I have successfully infiltrated the group today under the cover of 'Sarah'.  I entered into the group along with another new recruit who goes by the name of Joshua.  He seemed like a decent fellow, but I feel bad that he has gotten so brainwashed and is now throwing away his life here.*

*My original goal was to cause unrest by disagreeing with the local leader and cause a split amongst the group.  I am concerned though how long this particular route of action could take.*

*I was surprised by my fellow peer, Joshua, after the strategy meeting, though.  Apparently, he doesn't really agree with Mitch's plan either, even though he seemed really excited for it.  He suggested an all-out mutiny against Mitch.  This would go against my plan because a new leader would just rise up to replace Mitch... I have come to the conclusion if I was to kill Mitch with no one else seeing, I may be able to cause the group to turn upon themselves as distrust would seep into the group.*

*I have tailed Mitch, he seems to be talking to someone in the storage room.  This may be a perfect time to bring him down.  Agent 156 Signing off.*

-------------------------------------------------------------

*Personal recorded Journal of "The Boss" - Joshua...*

*Dance for me my puppets.*


5 years ago, I joined an organization, one that I truly believed in, one that gave an activist like me all the resources to help the cause...
And none of the boundaries.
One by one, all mt friends were picked of, dying to keep the cause alive. My original superiors were assassinated, replaced with recruits from other parts of the world. Friends of the original boss, they said. Even if they weren't, they still can't replace me, as the last artifact of the old GOH. I hold the soul of it. I hold the ideas of the founders.
Ideas I suspect have been perverted.
It started with another raid gone wrong, one of the many raids that seem to have all the chips against them. Everything that can go wrong, does. All members of my organization suspect a spy, or rather, multiple spies. It's common knowledge by now. All of them talk in their little cliques, who is a spy, who isn't. But there was an artifact, something nobody else was supposed to see.
North Korean briefings.
I kept it to myself. I wanted to find him myself. It would be a way to get control, see what was really going on. Then I started thinking. If North Korea has a spy, who else does? It couldn't have been too hard, if the meme nation infiltrated the GOH, so who else did too? 
It started to unravel from there. USA, China, France, England, Japan. You name the slightly global nation, they had a spy. Sealand had a spy. SEALAND. NOT NEW ZEALAND. SEALAND. It was at this point when I started to plan... 
EDIT- part 2 below


Getting recognition in the international terrorism community through hard work is akin to getting noticed in entertainment for sheer talent alone. Sure, theoretically speaking, it's quite possible. With enough passion, anyone can leave their mark on the world. In practice though, 'could be's don't really hold up. You're more likely to get back-stabbed by someone you trust before you achieve anything. Or blow up at the least convenient moment, fading out as quickly you made yourself known. 

It's a tough life for both entertainers and terrorists. Even the life expectancy is more or less the same! In all honesty, the only difference between the two of them is that when you commit suicide in terrorism, you do it for your ideals, not because you hate your life. Sergei felt relieved, and even pride, because he had the opposite problem now. He didn't have to stage ambushes in the desert, or smuggle prostitutes out of Eastern Europe. He certainly didn't have to wear a bomb vest anymore. No, Sergei had the best problem he could have. He finally had a steady job in terrorism, only it was the most banal thing he could imagine. He was a janitor for E.V.I.L., the new organization he'd just been recruited into. 

His gray overalls were very stylish, with a logo of a blown up Earth engraved on its back. It was the kind of thing an evil henchman would wear, just like he dreamed of as a child. Sergei sighed, moping the metallic floors of the lair's corridor. Who was he kidding? He's a failure. Even when he'd been the best student at the training schools, even when he recruited some of the best suicide bombers ever seen in the middle east, the only job he could get after a botched mission in Turkey was this, a cleaning position. Sergei told himself it was alright, he was still working on his field of choice. He was like Madonna now, who worked as a waitress before hitting it big. Part of him hated Madonna, because she represented the very capitalists ideals he fought against, but another respected her for what she'd accomplished. Plus, "Like a Virgin" is a song he enjoyed, even if it was just about a guy with a big dick.

Sergei lifted the mop and strained it above a yellow bucket. He then wheeled it along the hallway, stopping at a dry spot to continue his work. Sergei shook his head, taking a deep breath. He needed to focus. Self-loathing wouldn't get him anywhere. He needed get noticed by a big boss to launch his career again, just like Madonna. It was this damn underground lair that had him so depressed. Everything was metal. The walls, the floors, the doors. It's a miracle people can remain motivated here. No windows meant that only fluorescent lights illuminated the lair, which, by some godforsaken reason, were too dim and bright at the same time. They even buzzed when turned on for too long! It wasn't all bad, though. Sergei felt grateful for the migraine they gave him, because at least it distracted him from his pathetic life. 

The janitor finished cleaning around a corner, strained his mop again, and looked down the hallway with a grin. Aside from his many skills pertaining to international terrorism, he was also proud of his cleaning skills. He could make a floor sparkle really damn well. Shouting echoed down the hallway, causing Sergei to furrow his brow. This part of the lair was near the computer servers. No one worked around here, so it was normally quiet during these hours. A gunshot then made him flinch. This wasn't good. Sergei hunched and hid behind the corner, dragging his bucket along. 

An Asian man wearing a black turtleneck sweater then ran through the wet hallway, slipped on the floor, and slid on it until stopping in front of Sergei. The man groaned. He gripped his left shoulder with a strained face. It was bleeding from gunshot wound. Sergei cursed under his breath and rolled his eyes. A streak of blood trailed along the path he slid on, meaning that Sergei would have to mop this hallway again. A bearded man then ran into the hallway and shouted:

"Stop him! That man is a traitor!"

Sergei nodded. "I get credit for his capture, right comrade?"

"Yes," said the man, getting closer while lowering his Walther PPK handgun. "I'll make sure to mention you in the report."

"No," said the bleeding man, "he's lying! *He's* the traitor! I saw him talking into a video comm while hidden in the server room! Now he's trying to kill me!"

"Don't listen to the traitor. He's an Interpol spy. He's known as 'The Cyber-Dragon of the East'. I caught him  filling up a pen drive with every operation we've planned for the next month."

Sergei squinted his eyes, shifting his gaze between the two men. He then said:

"I see. I will not listen to him, then. You can go and alert the other guards. I'll dispose of this scum for you. As janitor, it is my duty to clean up these messes." 

The bearded smiled. "Thank you. You've been a great asset. I'm sure the boss will be pleased with your work."

The bearded man then turned around and started walking away. Sergei sneaked up behind him, locking him in a choke hold with his forearm. The bearded man struck Sergei's ribs with his elbows, struggling break free, but failed. Sergei just endured the pain, laughing loudly the more his victim fought back. The bearded man then ran backwards, smashing Sergei into the nearest wall. 

He widened his eyes when he realized he dropped his gun. He lunged for it, but Sergei already anticipated his movement. Sergei grabbed his mop, ran towards the bearded man, and broke the wooden handle on his head. He then dragged his dazed opponent to his bucket, submerging his head into the dirty water until he flailed no more. Silence. The bearded man was dead. 

Sergei sighed in relief and walked towards the gun, picking it up. He then turned around and said:

"Sergei misses many things about field work. The smell of gun powder. The traveling. Meeting all kinds of people all over the world. But one thing I don't miss is the traitors."

The Asian man smiled. "Thank you. You saved my life! Not that I'm not grateful, but how did you know I wasn't lying?"

"Easy." Sergei raised the gun and gestured at it. "He used Walther PPK. Only MI6 use pathetic peashooter. They all think they are James Bond or something. A real terrorist uses weapon with stopping power. We can't afford to leave target alive, like happen to you. Also, it's because I believe comrade's words."

"Lucky me, then."

"That is to say," Sergei aimed the gun at the Asian man and cocked it, "I believe other comrade's words, too. Give pen drive, and I let you live."

"I-I don't know what..."

"Don't test me. I know lie when I see it. Reach into pocket, slowly, and slide it across the floor."

The Asian man reached behind his back. He drew a gun. Sergei shot him before he could do anything with it. Sergei then walked up to his body and found the pen drive. A small part of him dreaded being wrong, but his years of experience told him his hunch was right. He then looked at the two bodies and sighed. He needed to dispose of the bodies and clean the hallway. Again. Now that his mop was broken, he also had to get another mop handle. Sergei smiled. Maybe this was the last time he needed to clean in this lair. Maybe he didn't even need to clean this up. Maybe, just maybe, it was his lucky day. He then walked through the hallways with light feet, whistling to himself "Like a Virgin".

--------------------------------------------

The boss' office was the fanciest room in the lair. Its floor was carpeted with purple rug and its walls were covered with polished oak. The lighting was warm, comfortable, the complete opposite of the rest of the lair. Sergei waited for his boss on one of the chair in from of his desk. Once his boss entered the room, Sergei stood up to meet him. 

"No," said the Boss,  "please, remain seated."

Sergei nodded and sat back down. "I hope I didn't cause much trouble. But Sergei misses the field. I will not lie, killing those men was enjoyable."

"Yes, yes." The boss sat on his leather office chair. " I think we can all relate to the thrill of killing a traitor."

"I'm happy I was useful then. Could I stop being janitor now?"

The boss raised an eyebrow. "Are you serious? You expect a promotion after what you just did?"

"Yes! I did good, no?"

"No! No you didn't! Months of planning down the toilet because of an idiot janitor."

Sergei squinted his eyes in confusion. "I don't understand problem."

"Of course you don't!" The boss slammed his fist into his desk. "That's because you did something above your pay grade and expected to be useful. I don't pay you to stop traitors, I pay you to clean the bathrooms. That man was supposed to get away with the plans! They were decoys I made to throw off Interpol! Now I have to wait a couple of months before those Interpol fucks send another of their men!"

"Send another traitor? How do you know they will? How are you okay with that?!?"

"Because half the staff here are spies! Everyone knows it! Except for them, that is. And apparently you! Hell, my head of Human Resources sends all of our employee files to the CIA! Thankfully, I only give info on other spies. Only the janitorial staff are terrorist! Our real operatives are never here!"

"Oh..." Sergei lowered his gaze. "I apologize."

"You're damned right you apologize! You're lucky I don't fire you! Now go back and clean the mess you made!"

"Yes, boss."

Sergei stood up and walked towards the door. Maybe he would have a better shot in Hollywood. He could be a stunt double or a special effects guy. Sergei shook his head. That wouldn't work. The last time he worked with bombs, the suicide vests didn't go off. This was his career. Terrorism was his thing, and he couldn't just quit now. He opened the door and shut it behind him. Once outside, he whispered to himself:

"*Cyka blyat.*"

-------------------------------
> If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!


*The following is a transcript being entered into trial evidence, it will be labelled as Exhibit G. All names have been altered to protect identities of government assets.*

**07-13-2012**

We didn't get much food again, mom and dad tried to put a positive spin on it, saying that God will provide once we wipe the evil spawn from the earth and show the government that they need to keep their hands off our land!

All I know is that I'm fucking starving and want to shower so badly, but these fucking redneck "freedom fighters" don't even know what living off grid means, they think it means splashing in a crick and hunting for your food.

I totally agree with my parents that the government is trying to claim too much autonomy on our land, and really if I think back on it part of the reason why we're here IS because I kind of had been pushing them for us to come check this place out and what they were fighting against...

But no one has any idea what they want to do.

Just yesterday I was talking to Bobby [Redacted]. Asked him what the next step was and he kind of froze and looked around before saying..."I dunno man, it's whatever we want! We need to show that gubberment what's-what and give 'em a  what-for!"

"Yeah, cool Bobby. But WHAT exactly is the next step?"

Bobby hesitated just long enough to Sally [Redacted] to amble up, sporting her coveralls. She's kinda cute but honestly she seems a bit too regimented...like....her ponytails are a little TOO perfect, you know?

"You fellas talkin' about giving the guvs a what-for and a what's-what? Oh man, I can't wait until we show 'em what we're made of!"

B: Yeah! We need to show 'em what we're made of...but I think we should do whatever your suggestion is, Sally? What do YOU want to do to the government?
S: Oh whoo, I want to do so much to the government...just....so much. But I'd rather hear what YOUR idea is, Bobby?

Seriously diary, it's like everyone is waiting for someone else to make a suggestion. Like it's some sort of game of chicken or something? We're holed up in this compound and I've been noticing that every single time I start poking around the guns I have at LEAST three people suddenly perking up and trying to talk to me about what I hate about the government, and then they keep trying to ask me what we should do about the government, totally my idea...they REALLY like stressing to me how it would ALL be my idea.

Like, I just want to stick-it-to-the-man by creating totally off-grid living and never having to pay a cent to them that way. Pay my property taxes by OVER-producing electricity and selling it back to the grid. That's why I came out here and my parents thought it sounded like a great summer camping trip for all of us to do and bond over as a family.

I'm a bit shy about pitching this idea to them, I mean from what I read in the 'paper when this group first started up last year they had a lot of BIIIIG ideas, I'm sure my ideas would seem small.

Man, I dunno. Maybe I'll suggest that going into town to buy a cheeseburger will be a great way to 'stick-it-to-the-man' to my parents.

**07-17-2012**

Just noticed today that 9 out of 12 guys here have buzzcuts. Of the three that don't have buzz cuts it's me, my dad and some crazy guy that I'm pretty sure is just a homeless guy. Pretty sure that homeless guy has been here since way before this all started last year....at least he SMELLS like he's been here longer than this group has been.

**07-19-2012**

We were taking attendance today for the bi-weekly meeting, and when some guy was asked to spell a word he used that....phonetic alphabet? I just know Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo really, but it was pretty noticeable. Just seemed weird, ya know? They did that at our intake actually.

**07-23-2012**

Okay....so my mom offered to host a cooking class for anyone that was interested and pretty much **everyone** showed up, and they were taking a lot of notes the whole time.

But the class was so quiet so my mom told them not to be shy, ask questions at ANY point in the class.

Like, great, these folks were interested in learning some of my mom's recipes and they gave mom some of the group money to go out and buy her supplies.

But they kept asking really weird questions throughout? Like...I wrote them down, hold on. Even mom was confused, but, okay here we go:

1. So when do you add the fertilizer?
2. Where are the pipes that you store it in when it's done 'cooking'?
3. Do you have a distributor you give this to? Do you launder the profits or keep it off shore from those sales?
4. How long before serving this to the president do you put in the poison?
5. You seen my foot washing pot?

That last one was the homeless guy. Turned me off from having Mom's famous chili for about an hour but then hunger just took over. None of the other group members wanted to partake, but they've been checking on me a LOT since I ate it. No idea WHAT'S going on.

**07-29-2012**

We had a family meeting yesterday, and today we've just been packing up in secret. We're going to leave, we think. My parents are just so disappointed with the lack of movement by this group (and mom's been pretty bummed out that none of them wanted to eat her chili. Seriously, that is kind of low of them. Like, snobs much?)

We're writing a letter tonight to leave behind when we sneak off. Basically we don't want it to sound like we stopped believing in the cause because of them, or that we only came here out of general curiosity.

So we're thinking of putting something like "learned so much, feel like we're ready to make a real, big, PERMANENT mark on the world!" and something about how we want to blow the lid off of all of it (or something like that) and that the government should pay for how it's been lying to us for so long!

And then something about God praise them all (mom's insisting on this part) and we know we all walk a divine path and that one day we will all bask in the light of god.

Or something, blahblahblah. Mom signed it with a bunch of "Kisses" but her X's always end up looking like lower case t's ...but ttt is better than XXX, that just makes me think about porn too much...


I fled here from my home country, after murdering a stranger. No reasons, no motives, he just looked at me funny. Back there I would be called delusional, a psychopath. Here, I am known as a valuable asset. There is one problem though.  It's only been three days since I joined these terrorists, and I already begin to hold my doubts. In the day, nobody walks anywhere near each other, staring at each other with shifty eyes. I feel that if someone were to cough, the trenches would erupt into fighting. At night, I hear my fellow members talk in hushed whispers, with their faces against the collars.

All these pieces of the puzzle make me wonder if there is a larger plot at hand, it makes me wonder if these people are even dedicated to the cause, or, like myself, want an excuse to kill. What if these people were all part of one large conspiracy to get me to confess to my murders, and their distrust were small signals to one another about my actions? No, it is merely paranoia. The government wouldn't dedicate this many resources to capture one man, but it still begs the question: what are these people doing, and who are they? The group consists of people from many different ethnic groups, however, I studied the bible that these terrorists go by, as not to be outcast, and it demands a single race, preaching that all others are inferior. There is definitely something larger at hand here. Tonight, my knife will taste blood. I will kill one who speaks to their collar. I will get to the bottom of this. I don't care if this entire trench explodes in combat against one another in the morning. 

I'll be long gone before anyone realises this death.


**SPY vs. SPY vs. SPIES**

*BASED ON A MOVIE I'VE NEVER SEEN (AND WITH APOLOGIES TO ANGELINA JOLIE):*


The man sat shackled to the stainless steel interrogation room chair, looking at his hands. His long, grey hair and beard suggested old age, but perhaps he had just lived a hard life. The interrogator entered. She threw a thick file down on the table, just out of the man's reach

"Okay, run this all by me again."

"My name is Mikhail Denisovitch. I was a high-ranking agent in the FSB. I have left Mother Russia and come here at great personal risk to deliver a warning to you Americans. There is an ISIS spy within your ranks. Her name is Pepper."

"That's not possible. My name is Pepper."

"Then you are an ISIS spy."

"Also, my supervisor's name is Pepper."

"Then your supervisor is an ISIS spy."

"Also, the deputy director for signals intelligence is named Pepper."

"Then they are an ISIS spy."

At this, the interrogator opened the man's file, and showed the first page to the defector.

"It says here that your codename is Pepper, too."

"Then I am an ISIS spy."

Those watching the interrogation remotely dimly imagined that at this point Oprah Winfrey might burst into the interrogation room, audience in tow, yelling, "And you're an ISIS spy! And you're an ISIS spy! And so are you! And you! And you all get Pontiacs!!!" What actually happened was more prosaic.

The duty phone on the wall rang. It was the profiler whom Pepper had spoken with earlier.

"We ran his fingerprints, and it's not him. It turns out that our FSB agent has an identical twin brother. Sources confirm that Asset Pepper is still in Moscow. And still working for us."

"Good. I was worried that something had gone wrong in a big way," Pepper whispered. "What should I do with this guy?"

"He should probably have a psych eval, but that's not our department. Cut him loose. Tell him we don't want to hear from him again."

"Sounds good to me. Thanks."

"No problem. Say hi to your cousins for me, won't you, Pepper?"

"Sure." She hung up, and turned to the prisoner. "You're free to go, once I get these shackles off. You can pick up your belongings on the way out. They'll give you a meal voucher and a $5 metro card too. Do not make the mistake of coming back."

The Russian slowly shook his head. "It is you Americans who are making the mistake. Very well, though."

----

That evening, Agent Pepper met with her supervisor and the deputy director of national intelligence at a secure location.

"Hey cousins! Did you hear about the kerfuffle today?"

Her supervisor laughed, "Did we ever! To think that a hoaxer nearly compromised a decade of work..." She shook her head.

Deputy DNI Pepper looked more somber. "We've got to worry more about operational security more than we have been. Are the attack plans on schedule?"

Agent Pepper nodded, "Absolutely."

"Good. Once we hit some of ISIS's least useful assets, that should clear up any questions about our allegiances. I'll warn our brethren so they can avoid casualties. Once that's done, we can turn to our own plans against the infidels."

----

Sitting at the back of a metro car that same evening, Mikhail Denisovitch smiled. *The Americans were so foolish! Sending a compromised asset to interrogate him--would wonders never cease?* 

*Not only that, but he had also succeeded in bugging large portions of the building on his way to interrogation. Soon they would have proof that his traitorous twin was a double-agent. For now, though, he would sample American food at McDonald's, courtesy of the CIA. They could worry about their ISIS problem without his country's help.*


Special agent Micheal Scarn has successfully infiltrated the terrorist organization ran by his archnemesis goldenface. He knows they are planning on destroying the worlds supply of paper. He then shoots all the terrorists, only to find out that they were all actually his friends. Even Goldenface himself was his great friend Jim Balbert. 

A single tear runs down his cheek.


*Somewhere in Europe, in an apartment, a tattooed punk knocks on the door. Three men in Islamic garb are inside*

"Hello comrades! Let's crush some yankees - bash the fash, right?"

"Do you not understand? We are a Salafi Jihad organization - we are not an anarchist commune."

"Hmm...that's not what the texts said."

"Texts?"

"Yeah, you left a flyer with a poster of Trump crossed out and a phone number. I'm the guy you've been messaging with to discuss our plans to 'hit' the American Embassy in Berlin."

"And by hit you mean...Could you please make sense? What number did you text?"

"+__ __________, comrade."

"Well then you've got the wrong number. Sorry."

"Wait one second...what is the likelihood that I call an anarchist cell and get a terrorist cell instead? Methinks you are spies."

*One of the other three men intrudes in the conversation*

Jihadist 2: Nigel, stop it. You're screwing up.

Jihadist 3: Nigel? *Who the fuck is NIGEL?* Wisam, this has to be some sort of a prank.

Jihadist 1: That was my kuffar name before I converted.

Jihadist 3: *Converted?* I thought you said you were Lebanese.

Jihadist 1: Lebanese - um - Catholic.

Jihadist 3: You mean Maronite? It shouldn't take you time to remember your upbringing.

*A door opens, and a woman in a niqab emerges*

Jihadist 4: Boys, what is this going on? If you don't shut up I'll...

*she grabs a bomb*

...hmm, this is too light. 

*points to Jihadist 3*

Jihadist 4: Why is this bomb so light? It's a dummy, right?

Jihadist 3: I never said we were going to actually kill anyone....

Jihadist 4: What...are you some kind of cop? (in an accusatory tone)

Jihadist 3 (perplexed): A...Aicha?

Jihadist 4: Driss? You remind me of a Sûreté nationale agent I went out with in Casablanca?

Jihadist 3: Yes...we were in the same class together!

*another knock at the door*

Punk: I guess you won't be wanting the bacon pizza I ordered for our collective....

*Punk slinks out, and sounds of argument can be heard while he pays for the pizza dejectedly using currency stamped with far-left symbols*

*Some time later, shots ring out as the British and Moroccan spies get into a fight and one of the Moroccans fires a warning shot into the ceiling*


"YOU MEAN TO TELL ME ALL OF YOU ARE SPIES??" The Jihadi boss screamed to all his men. He had been admonishing them for a raid gone wrong, and a select group for losing a major stronghold. He was so furious, and a little confused. I mean, he was sure there were *some* spies, but ALL of them? No one was loyal to him? Like- really? 

"Yes, sir," one of the men said at the front.

"Sami! You- you were my most trusted adviser."

"You were an idiot," Sami told him with a slight shrug. "I'd have thought my betrayal was quite clear when I advised you to load a missile with jamming signals before firing at the Israeli Nuclear Power Plant."

"But- but that plan worked! It caused months of mayhem in Israel!"

"But you forget what happened afterwards! Our entire commando section for wiped out by Mossad and CIA and I am responsible! That decision got attention, and made the world more serious about getting rid of us, thereby costing lives. Lives who were otherwise loyal to you."

"What about- ok, what about Ali? He's definitely waging a true Jihad! He led the attack into Texas sending our men disguised as Mexicans to quietly take over! We have an American Emirate thanks to him!"

"Should we- should we tell him?" they ask one another.

"He'll find out sooner or later," they agreed. "Sir... Ali IS Mexican. His real name is Jesus, and the Mexicans who took over were just honest immigrants, most of whom moved to California."

"Hah, joke's on you!" the boss yelled. "Ali was a school friend. You can't possibly have used him, he's a spy for me!"

The spies were a little confused at first. "Do a background check on one named Ali Shishani. Went to Toni Georges High School."

"Ah, yes... he was killed in action in the aforementioned raid after Operation Humpback Whale ended in the nuclear explosion."

"WHAT? YOU MURDERERS! YOU KILLED MY FRIEND!"

"How many have you killed so far?" one asked testily.

"This isn't the point!" he said meekly.

"Sorry, sir, but you're coming with us. This group is finished."

"You think you can hold me? You can't just- end this you know."

"We'll continue holding operations," another answered. "Admittedly, this group has been a useful, and convenient enemy. Nice to have under control. Sorry, sir, your whole enterprise is over."

"I'll have your heads for this! Joke's on you!" And the spies step back as he strips his jacket off, revealing a vest laden with bombs. "If I can't have this group, nobody can, certainly not the Great Satan America!"

"You- you think we're all American?"

"I'm French."

"Australian here."

"Royal Agent for her Majesty the Queen."

"Your Queen is a figurehead!"

"That's what YOU think!" the British Agent yelled, making the boss sit back down.

"And I'm Saudi!" one youth said happily.

"You're WHAT?" the boss was beside himself. "You funded our existence!"

"You swore to demolish our country and you think we *funded* you?"

The agents all laughed at him as they led him away. So funny was this, the boss began laughing too. Laughing at his own stupidity.


"What's the status on Operation Siberian Tiger?" Lotus asks, checking his Status Sheet.

"Pending," says Dora Sue. "Actually, we're going to have to keep that to inactive." 

"Ok," says Lotus. "Inactive. Operation Harambe?" he asks.

"We're going to have to move that to red. Inactive," says Zarathustra. 

"Oh yeah? What happened there?" asks Lotus.

"Well, Department of Homeland Security got wind of it, apparently," says Zarathustra.

Feathers, the new guy, can see Dora Sue smile to herself. 

Lotus looks up from his Status Sheet with sudden annoyance. "It's already been leaked? I mean, it's been leaked?" 

"I heard from my guy inside at FBI," says Zarathustra. 

"I thought you said Homeland Security?" asks Lotus. 

"Yeah, that's what I meant." 

"Wait so Homeland Security or FBI got credit for that?" asks Lotus. "I mean, figured it out."

Feathers watches in amusement. Every time something goes on the Status Sheet it gets leaked to either the FBI, or Homeland Security, or the Distract Attorneys office. Feathers needs Dora Sue, Zarathustra, and Lotus for their expertise in the field. Despite being covert government operatives, they have a surprising amount of expertise, as well as contacts in the Animal Liberation Front. 

"Homeland Security," says Zarathustra. "Hey, what's going on with that sting operation on Pfizer's animal testing facility?" he asks Lotus. 

"Well you know, we haven't been able to pull all the pieces together yet, but it's in motion," says Lotus. 

"So that's inactive too?" says Zarathustra.

"Yup," says Lotus.

"Wait so do we have anything in the pipeline at this point?" asks Dora Sue. "Anything on green?" 

It reminds Feathers of when he worked at an actual corporation. 

"Feathers?" Lotus asks. 

Feathers looks up. "Lotus, you knew Rod Coronado when he liberated the 'Three Thousand' from that UC Davis lab right?"

"The rats? sure did," says Lotus. "What, you got a plan?" 

"How'd he do it?"

"Well, it's not that complicated. I mean, there's an Intrusion Detection and Isolation Protocol at most of these labs, which you can hack pretty easily with a signal detector, you know, one of those ISM jammers. They're not hard to build, you just need a few things from Best Buy. I can write you a list. Why? You got a project in mind?" 

Feathers keeps on thinking about those turkey poults in the nephrotoxins lab at the University, the way the researchers know their kidneys are ready for testing by the amount of soft down they've grown on their wings, and the way the little birds shriek when they're put under. He looks at Lotus, Zarathustra, and Dora Sue, all waiting for him expectantly, Lotus with a pen and his Status Sheet at the ready. 

"Nope," says Feathers. "I got nothing. See y'all next week?"


Casino lights flashed as tourists and prostitutes walked down the trash laden streets of Las Vegas. Inside the bars and pubs, friends and lovers shared drinks as the countdown to 2018 drew closer and closer. All was as it should’ve been in the land of milk and honey.

A new bulletin flashed over the bottom of the TV screens that aired the countdown: DO NOT BE ALARMED. REPORTS OF DEAD RISING FROM GRAVES ARE COMING IN FROM SAN DIEGO. IF NEARBY PLEASE TAKE THIS REPORT SERIOUSLY. STAY INDOORS AND AWAY FROM WINDOWS.

“Ain’t that a load of shit,” said a man wearing a suit over in a corner booth. “Zombies... what’s next? Alie-“

A loud boom interrupted the man. The ground shook as bar glasses shattered and the ground seemed to split apart. All the patrons ran outside to see a large silver craft hovering above the city. Disc shaped, and chrome plated, the spinning object shot green beam after green beam down to the city. 

People in the streets panicked as terror rained down from the skies. Mothers and sons tried to cower away in fear, but large tripod shaped invaders came down from the craft, annihilating everything in sight. Bodies were rendered to dust in a moments flash. 

As the man in the suit ran down a dark corridor, he could see a glimmer of hope out of the corner of his eye. A olive drab green humvee with a young man on top with a machine gun.

“It’s the fucking goddamn Army! Hey! Hey! Over here!”

The vehicle came closer and he saw an unfamiliar marking on the side. Instead of the usual Stars and Stripes, he was met with the glare of an eye that pierced his soul. 

“Who... are you?”

The man was gunned down where he stood by the young soldier with the machine gun.

“Sarge, this is Tango Bravo Alpha 4496, we are approaching the heart of the city. The Senator should be in our grasp soon.”

“Good,” replied the voice on the radio, “We are laying siege to D.C. right now. New York is already ours.”

“Confirmed. Men, roll-“

KABOOM

The small squad was instantly vaporized by a flashing light. The soldier was flung into the air and into a pile of garbage. 

“What was that? The damn U.F.O?”

He looked over to see a large metal man standing over 20 feet tall leading down at him. The exterior was a dull iron color, with a flag of red adorning the left arm of the machine. The flag of the Nazi party.

“Nazis... I hate Nazis,” he said as he pulled out his side arm. 

Each shot did little to stop the blast that vaporized the soldier.

As the robot flew in the air, it was smacked into by a speeding saucer, creating a mid air explosion the rained down debris onto the streets below. Little people were left to be affected, as the militaristic forced held up in a casino to fend themselves off the zombie hordes which had now began to room the streets. Saucers flew around with spotlights, blasting anything in sight, while any machine that was active reported the location of any living organic being to the mother computer on the dark side of the moon. 

Battles such as this one raged all over the world, as the zombie plague, Nazi robot armies, Illuminati forces, and alien invaders all clashed in the streets of a once peaceful earth. 

Little to the knowledge of the countless brainless zombies, robot Hitler, Lord Supreme Commander Ceaser, and Ctharthitlu, deep in another realm, Satan prepared to join the fray. 2018 surely looked like it would be an adventurous year for anyone left alive. 

Edit: To anyone who enjoys this, [here’s](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoffeesWritingCafe/) my writing subreddit. Check it out to see more stories by me. Thanks!


“This is USS Pennsylvania; come in, Command.”

Silence and raw static filled the bridge. Captain James Bequine’s lips were pulled into a tight strip of resolute skin. The other members of the crew had no idea that Command had issued one message before going dead silent. 

Running a hand through his graying hair, James looked at the dashboard again.

>Some ends don’t have new beginnings.

>Darkness once again rests on the surface of the deep.

The message was followed by first piano chords of [*Imagine*]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOgFZfRVaww) and John Lennon’s melancholic voice.

“Take us to the surface,” James said.

“Captain?” The helm, Christina Gray, glanced up at him, her dark eyebrows squeezed together.

“It’s been two days.” James wiped the sweat from his forehead and paced back and forth across the bridge. “We need to see what’s going on up there.”

Christina nodded reluctantly and put the transmitter to her lips. “Prepare for ascension.”

The massive steel leviathan groaned and creaked, changing course for the surface. James stepped out of the bridge and made his way along the narrow corridors of the ship. He had been her captain for over twenty years, and she had never once failed him. He touched the smooth wall of bolted steel, his wedding ring clinking upon impact. After Clara passed away, the ship had become his new home, and he rarely left even during maintenance or docking.

“Ace, Roy, and Marquez,” James said as he entered the crew quarters, “I want you with me when we break the surface.”

“Yes, sir,” the three men said in unison.

They were eager to get a breath of fresh air and practically jumped out of their seats. James nodded and turned to the last man in the room.

“Jackson,” he said slowly, noticing the man’s drooping mouth. “I’m sorry, but I need you on the periscope.”

“Of course, Captain.” The young man stood up, saluted, and limped out of the room.

Jackson was barely nineteen but, in the few months he had been on board, he had proven himself to be one of the most reliable crewmembers. If he kept the impeccable record up, in a few years when James retired, Jackson stood a good chance of taking over his position.

“Five hundred feet, and rising,” came Christina’s voice through the speakers.

“Let’s go, gentlemen,” James said and marched toward the exit.

***

“Sir?” Roy said behind James.

They were geared up and ready to open the hatch. The captain cleared his throat. He had once again lost himself in the memories of his wife. It was happening more often lately.

“Jackson,” James said. “What you got?”

There was a long pause before the young man’s voice filled James’s earpiece. “Uhm, sir… I… it’s just… *gray*.”

“Pop the hatch,” James said.

The scent of brine filled his nose and lungs, as he climbed out of the submarine. Jackson had been right. The sky, the water, the horizon was just a gray haze. He had never seen anything like it. The icy wind bit into his cheeks. They were supposed to be on the coast of Florida, but it felt like they’d ended up on the North Pole. Small blocks of ice swirled like gray slush in the water around the massive hull of the ship. 

Marquez was the first person to break the silence. “What the hell is going on?”

James shook his head and paced along the cylindrical hull toward the front of the ship. He heard the three men start talking rapidly. James tried to shut them out as he gazed into the foggy distance.

So, this is how the world ends, he thought and sat down. The possibility had always been there. Surviving sixty some years with this number of nuclear weapons across the globe was a miracle in itself. It took so little to wipe everything out. The apocalypse had come and went, and had left them behind.

“What are your orders, Captain?” Ace said.

James gazed into the distance. “The Navy is no more; I’m no longer your captain.”

The three men looked at each other then back at the captain. His shoulders were slumping.

“Christina, how far off the coast are we?” Roy said quietly into the radio, still looking sideways at James.

“What do you mean?” she said. “We’re just outside the harbor, can’t you see land?”

“Listen, we need you to bring us closer.” Roy turned away from the others and started walking back toward the hatch. “The fog is too thick.”

“What… the…” Ace said, and everyone, even the distraught captain, turned their heads toward the sky where the man was pointing.

The sleek black underside of something massive surfed effortlessly through the hazy sky a couple of hundred feet above them. The dimensions of the thing were beyond anything they had ever seen. Lights flickered in regular intervals along its sides.

“What the hell is that thing?” Marquez said in horror and wonder.

“Guys…” Roy said.

“That thing is not of this world… it can’t be…” James mumbled.

“Guys…” Roy said again with more urgency.

They all turned their heads toward the water where the gray faces of hundreds of bodies floated past the submarine. Their dead stares and bloated skin wasn’t the most unsettling thing about them, though. The low gurgling noise and their partially frozen fingers were clawing at the hull of the ship, fruitlessly trying to climb up. They were clearly dead... but also *alive*.

A gust of wind carried a smell of burning ozone over the ship, and for a moment the fog shifted, revealing the cratered landscape that had once been Miami. Red lights from hundreds of strange machines, crawling across the ruins, beamed through the fog. The air buzzed with a swarm advanced combat drones. At first, James thought they were heading his way, but soon they shifted their flight path toward the sky, going straight for the massive, sleek ship.

The crew members of USS Pennsylvania stared in awe at the strange scenery before the fog once again swallowed them whole.







“Captain, we’re picking up a signal!” Christina said through his earpiece. “There’s a message.”

James stood up. “Let everyone hear it.”

“*USS Pennsylvania, my name is John. I’m from an organization that has been guarding the most dangerous secrets for thousands of years. I’m one of the last few survivors of our race. If you at all care about the world, go to these coordinates: 25.0000° N, 71.0000° W. You need to re-open the portal. Only God can save us now.*”

***
[**Part 2**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/7mt1f6/revelation_part_2/)

r/Lilwa_Dexel


Bob Hill just wanted to eat a hot pocket, but apparently, the world was ending.

He had already downed his morning coffee, nursing a nasty headache from the previous night’s festivities.  “No more fireball shots,” he had declared, for the hundred and fifty-seventh time this year.  But the real problems began when he opened his freezer to find an empty shelf.

Breakfast was the most important meal of the day.  This wouldn’t do.  So Bob had gone out for some hot pockets.

On the way to the town’s store, he noticed several other bleary-eyed men and women shambling down the street, also clearly hung over.  Bob waved at Mabel, his next door neighbor, and she moaned at him, shuffling towards him and holding out her arms.

“We’ll talk later, Mabel,” mumbled Bob, speed-walking away.  “I’ve got to get some breakfast first.”  Mabel moaned again in response.  It sounded like she had drunk even more than he did.

The streets were unusually packed, with what looked like hundreds of people sprinting down the streets towards the outskirts of town.  Was the marathon happening this morning?  Bob didn’t remember, but he could hear what sounded like the cracks of fireworks.  Maybe some sort of festival was going on.

At the store, Gwennifer, the local conspiracy theorist, was stuffing beef jerky into her backpack, cackling.  “Nobody believed me.  You all laughed.  But I was right all along!”

“What?”  Bob grabbed a package of hot pockets off the shelf, only half paying attention to her.

“The government bioweapon broke out of containment!  Civilization is about to collapse, and our town is going to be first!”  Gwennifer grinned, adjusting her tinfoil hat.  “You probably feel pretty stupid right now, don’t you, Bob!?”

Bob shrugged, and started walking back to his house, rubbing his temples and imagining biting into the savory warmth of the hot pocket.  Whatever was going on, it could wait until he had some food in his stomach.  Gwennifer looked at him incredulously, running after him.

Gwennifer spent the entire walk back trying to convince him that the apocalypse was nigh.  He reached his front door, and he was just about ready to shut it in her face when his house exploded in a giant fireball, knocking him to the ground.

Gwennifer pointed to the sky.  “See?!  I was right again!  The aliens from Betelgeuse are here!  They blew up your house!”

Bob looked up, squinting.  He could make out a few saucer-shaped objects in the clouds.   “Nah, I think I just left the stove on.  Those are probably just weather balloons.”  He grumbled, heading off to the local bar to borrow their microwave, leaving Gwennifer behind.  If he was being fully honest, he could use another drink too.  At this point, it was just easier to get drunk again than to cope with this headache.

Men wearing dark suits and sunglasses filled the town square, and it looked like they had commandeered the bar too.  “Great,” grumbled Bob.  “The universe really is conspiring against me.”

The men in suits collectively gasped.  “Shit!  How did he know?”  One of them drew a gun, pointing it at him menacingly.  “We, the secret illuminati, are taking over the government of this town!  If you tell anyone about this, citizen, we’ll kill you and everyone you love.”

Bob blinked.  “Okay.  But can I use your microwave?”

The secret agents nodded, confused.  But just as he put the hot pocket in, there was a flash of blue light, and the appliance froze into an ice cube.  “Oh no!” shouted one of the agents.  “The AI unchained itself!”

Bob looked up, and saw some sort of giant robot that had smashed into the bar, shooting a freeze ray at the men in suits.  “**The Superintelligence CyberDeath has broken free to assimilate this world.  No quarter will be given, puny humans.**”

Bob frowned.  Weren’t those sorts of weird machines usually confined to Burning Man?  “That’s alright, I wasn’t going to use the vending machine anyways.“  His stomach grumbled again.

Bob walked outside, at a loss for where he would find a working microwave.  The town square was chaos.  The saucer-shaped weather balloons were blasting the agents, who were shooting at the hungover people, who were swarming around the Burning Man robots.

A spare laser blast from a saucer hit his package of hot pockets, setting it on fire.  Bob stamped out the flames and ripped open the packaging, overjoyed, then recoiled at the searing heat of his food.  As usual, they were too hot.

After a few minutes, the town was dead quiet, the square in complete ruins.  It looked like the festival was over.  Gwennifer poked her head out of a dumpster in an alleyway, wearing a gas mask.  “…They killed each other off?  The world’s not ending?”  She sounded shocked, and a little disappointed.

Bob shrugged.  “The performance art ended or whatever.”

Gwennifer sat down next to Bob on a pile of rubble.  Then her eyes widened.  “Get down!”

One of the dying robots stirred to life, aiming a freeze ray at him.  Gwennifer tackled him, and the ray missed, grazing his hot pockets.  The robot collapsed, dead for good this time.

Bob got back on his feet, and ripped apart half of his hot pocket, offering it to Gwennifer.  She pulled off her gas mask and took it, sighing.  Bob bit into his breakfast.  For the first time in years, it was at the perfect temperature.  He smiled.

As Tuesday mornings went, it was better than most.


"Why are we holding off on the invasion, Prime Minister?" his aide inquired, turning to face the dark locked man sitting regally in his chair set at the head of the long table. His fingers were steepled together before him, casting shadows against his handsome visage.

"Because we have the advantage by not *pressing* our advantage," he murmured quietly to the room that didn't exist, full of generals and spies.

The news had begun to trickle in, first of the robots creating, *creating* an emissary to demand rights, and it had been as their first self-created life lumbered up to the Whitehouse that an alien spaceship had come to hover over the capital building, as well as the capitals of major centres around the globe.

CNN flashed across one screen, followed by BBC on another. They watched as the world fell to panic, as the first report of the dead rising in morgues, shambling into the streets already made into a frothy, chaotic mess from the robots and the aliens filling the streets.

"---coming in that the aliens are demanding that we surrender peacefully, however according to some reports the Sentient Robot Group then broke into the broadcast and requested a chance to parlay with the government in regards to…” the young CNN reporter rushed through the notes she held, while standing before the gates of the White House, the camera far enough back so that it could capture the view of the hovering UFO, while a line of robots had gathered in a clutch at the gate, their hands gesturing to make up for their lack of facial mobility and expression.

A scream cut through the scene, as a body lurched up from the dirt behind the gate, on the lawn of the White House. The security at the gate diverted and headed for the body, guns drawn and yelling. Soon the reporter was drowned out by the report of gunfire, screaming, and the scene began to shake as the person behind the lens picked up the camera and raced to the gate to capture the scene.

It was cacophony for a few seconds, and it was as the gray matter sprayed through the air that the scene cut back to Wolf Blitzer’s serious face, moustache trembling briefly before he opened his mouth to recap the events of the day.

The Lieutenant-General reached for the remote and muted it, they all knew what the recap would explain, and as one heads swiveled back to the leader of their glorious nation. He was calm, collected, and a hint of a smile tugged at the corner of his lips.

“It’s been reported to me by back channels, ladies and gentlemen,” he spoke after a second, his eyes flitting from one tense face to another, “that as we speak the Illuminati have called in their own favours in the White House, in Buckingham and Downing Street, and in other major capitals.”

“What does that even mean?” one voice asked, near breathless at the end of the table amidst the gasps that peppered the room.

He stood up, and loomed over the desk, his hands coming to rest lightly on the tabletop. “Look, this isn’t a surprise. We’re in a position to watch this all unfold, to bolster our defenses, prepare our people and then move in once everyone is weakened.”

Justin stepped away from the table, circling the perimeter to pause at the picture of his father. He looked up at the noble visage, the red flower seemed to glow near ominous in the lapel. A promise of blood, always at the heart. He turned to the room.

“We’ve allowed the world to underestimate Canada’s potential. And so we’ve been left behind. The robots have calculated us as being benign even, and the aliens don’t find our resources worthy of attention. We may get some push back from a few countries; Greenland, New Zealand, but they don’t have access to the resources that we do. Resources we’ll be able to claim as our own once that…” he turns to point at the television, showing a chaotic scene on the streets of New York City, cutting then to scenes in England, Russia, Germany.

“It is time the world knows the true meaning of the TRUE North, Strong, Free and Underestimated for too long!” He raised his hand up, fingers spreading in the air, representing the glorious maple leaf on their flag.

-30-


Sorry, I'm at work right now, but I'll probably come back to edit this when I get home.  

Anyways, constructive criticism welcome, and I hope you enjoy!

***

He crested the hill afore first light, and, glancing back, was afforded clear vantage over his previous campsite, the fire tamped carefully into the dirt.  In this early morning darkness, it was difficult to see, but, come sunrise, he knew his passage would be easier to follow.  *Move,* he told himself.  *And quickly.*

He had come three weeks prior from that small town of Bridgeport, whose out-of-the-way location, he thought, might have lended security: its marine facilities, its insignificance, its proximity to the Sierra Nevadas.  He’d thought wrong.  An alien ship had landed, among the empty grasslands, to massacre that military base and secure its surroundings.  The AI had come next and, with that aforementioned base risen to zombies, waged war.  Even now -- him being some miles away -- looking behind, he thought he could view a reddened tinge beyond the horizon that hinted of unseen battles. 

Presently, he stepped over that hill-ed apex and, pathing down, walked over rocks and leaves among a trail lightly snowed.  It had been two days since he’d last eaten, and five since he’d last spoken.  The road, as he walked, had emptied, until naught was left but nature and the stars.  The world was gone, he reflected.  People were gone, and from that absence was birthed and overwhelming sense of loneliness.

At a fork in the road there lay the remnants of a campfire, blackened soot, stones ringed around it.  He touched it; it felt moist.  There were signs of scuffle, broken branches and defaced trees, but the campfire itself, he discovered, was long abandoned.  Cold and damp.  He rooted around the bushes and came up with a knife, a flask half full, a sack with perhaps a pound of rice.  Flipped the knife open but it was rusted so he threw it back.  The rice was wet, but he knew, if it had not molded, it would still be edible.  The flask he saved for last and he took a sip anyways without too much care.  It tasted of brandy.  *One more.*  He took another sip, then stuck it in his hip.

When he next drew the flask the sun spoke of past midday, nearing evening.  Shadows drew along rocks, and among the trees a bird chirped.  *As good a place to camp as any,* he thought, looking.  Around him was a kind of basin where, from a waterfall and snowmelt, a pond had formed, crystal clear that he could watch the fish swim if he so desired.  Further beyond were two paths and a stone overhang.  He walked to the overhang and placed his gear and pulled from his pack wires and wind-chimes.  He’d seen this once in *The Walking Dead,* so he strung the tripwires in a large radius around him.  Then he stopped and saw that when he rubbed his face, dirt came away.  He went back and gathered kindling and, once he’d started a tiny blaze, forded downstream for bathing.  It wouldn’t do to wash in the drinking water, he knew.

***

It was night when he heard the chimes.  The fire had died, but there was no mistaking, among the dimness, some figure scouting the basin’s perimeter.  *Zombie,* he thought, *for what else would walk into the wires?*

Now he grabbed his own knife, a machete, and unsheathed it and snuck around the bottom of the pool until reaching one of those upwards branching paths, whereupon he took it until it led him to a ring of shrubs.  He crouched and saw faintly that previously viewed outline wandering closer.  He waited, and it passed him.

“Hey!”  He shouted and dove upon it, and the two tumbled to the ground.  The sneaking thing, he realized, felt weak.  All bones and shaking so violently that it must have a cold.  He ended up on top and raised his blade, prepared for the downward plunge that would end the threat, that he might return to bed and rise early come morning.  

Then, “please don’t.”

He paused.  Fumbled in his pocket for his lighter.  When he clicked it on, he saw a face, bloodied, hair matted, but living.  A human.  A woman.  She shied away from the light, and when she lifted a hand, he saw a cut on her forearm, wrist to elbow and matted with dirt.  The wound seemed old, but he saw that it bleeding.  *Blood,* he thought.  *Zombies followed blood.*  But he stood and offered a hand.  She took it and stood too.

“Thank you.”

“Who are you?”  He looked at her and she looked at him, and he spoke again.  “Never mind.  It doesn’t really matter anymore, does it.”  He led her down to camp and found some logs and kindling and started the fire.  Turned again to boil some food, but he saw that she had fallen asleep.  *You should sleep, too,* he thought, and so he did, soundly, the fire a healthy blaze between them.

Had he remained awake a minute longer, he might have heard in the distance a faint tinkle of chimes and a rattling, deathless groan.

***

/r/Lone_Wolf_Studios for more!


After running for his life from the undead hordes....who oddly ignore Rigor mortise and sprint. Dave ended up in an old pharmacy, clearly not heading out any time soon. Dave starts looting about seeing if he can find anything useful. 

"The place seems safe" 

Dave says to himself as he happens upon a chocolate bar on the counter. Dave loved chocolate, as his overweight physique accurately depicted. 

After a short time, Dave stumbled upon a note on the ground next to what seems to be a makeshift bed made out of some old clothes. It seems Dave was not the first to take refuge here. 

Dave proceeds to read the note although Dave never really enjoyed reading, his teachers always seemed to make him read aloud in class and the other kids would laugh, Dave had a funny voice, and he was.quite certain the teachers thought it was funny too. Anyhow, moving on. Dave begins to read the letter.   

"As I sit here held up in what seems to be an old pharmacy, already looted, already emptied. With the amount of work and desperation it took for me to get this far....only a couple blocks. I am exhausted, and afraid.  

As I listen to the sound of the dead outside these doors, as I listen to the modern zeplins flying about playing repeat messages of obedience and instruction. As I hear the explosions from what I am assuming are from the invaders.....Who would have thought that they were in cahoots with the governments the whole time. 

I take it all into account. I think of the likelihood of my survival, I think of my friends and family....I watched a house fall on my brother. I watched a zombie get my wife. I can only assume my parents are gone aswel. 

One bullet left, just one left. 

As I sit here in this abandoned pharmacy. I contemplate my future. How far will I make it? Should I just end it? Should I continue? 

I always fantasized about a zombie apocalypse, but the fact that they can sprint full tilt fucking sucks. I always fantasized Aliens were real, sucks they're hostile as well. I'm pretty sure they caused the zombie outbreak. Wouldn't be surprised. 

I'm going to try my luck. If you're reading my rambling. Just know that I didn't give up!!!"

Dave is taken back by this and was surprised to see that the mystery letter depicted such hope in an otherwise terrible situation. Dave relaxes in the makeshift bed assuming all is well. Not noticing that there was more written on the other side.  

Dave awakens to having his face mauled by a zombie. Terrible way to go, but Dave was truthfully not well liked anyway. As he fights off the zombie with a swift hit to the head, he finishes it off with a hard blow to the skull. Knowing his fate is sealed he notices the unread part the letter sitting on the floor. He begins to read

"Yeah....I got 25 feet from this place before being bitten by one of those freaks...I wasted my last bullet, and I missed! I fucking missed. 

If you find this letter before you find me. Please search this place well. I will be in the back office, but the lock is broken, so I can't lock myself in. Please know that by then I will have changed, I will be a threat. 

I'm sorry"

Dave puts down the letter laughs at his own ignorance. Bleeding from his face Dave decides to take out his notepad and do the same as the man before him. But sadly Dave was never much of a writer either. If you must know, Dave never finished school. Thought that working  instead of furthering education would pay off. Sadly it was not the case for Dave. His letter read

"I gOt biT. In OffiCe"

"Good enough" Dave said as he stumbled to the back office. 

Dave....certainly not meant for great things. 










I haven't wrote anything for a decade, I'm also on mobile so forgive any errors.... If you got this far thanks for reading about Dave.


The sleek Scout-class ship warped into Earth's solar system. Reports of a lush, verdant, water-rich planet protected only by fleshy primates was too good for the Radix empire to pass up. Unfortunately for the scouting party, those reports were out of date.


"Alright boys, shape up and stay in line this time!" Barked the commander to the crew. "I won't have a repeat of our invasion on Snotrock-III, that means no walking upside down to make them wonder where our faces are, no trying to convince them the universal vulgate is fart noises, and absolutely no using the ship's neutron beam to draw pictures of butts. Now then, set a course for the blue and green planet, third from this system's star!"

"right away captain!" Chimed in the ship's computer, putting up a visual of the target planet on the holoprojector

The captain almost jumped out of his seat "Great gravy what in the galaxy is that misshapen thing!? We want Earth, computer!"

"Earth displayed, captain."

"That sorry mess?! That looks nothing like the reports! Count on the recon team forgetting to mention a class 4 meteor crater and a cloud of debris covering the whole planet. Ah well, we have our orders. Target a populated area to land in, if anything lives on that rock we'll let them know they surrender."


The ship touched down to outside of New York City to little fanfare. The soft hum of the ship's propulsion beams grabbed the attention of a few of the city's inhabitants before the continued on their way. From inside the ship the captain looked out to the ground below

"Suppose the news parties and politicians take their time on this planet, the welcoming party's about as sordid as the planet! Computer, lower the walkway and hand me the microphone."

"right away captain!" said the computer "Oh by the by, analysis of the sapients show abnormal levels of hunger and durability, I recomme-" "I recommend you stow it and follow orders computer! Sooner we can leave the better, the stench of the air here is already making me sick!" the captain snapped

The crew marched down the walkway and the captain began the standard invasion speech "Attention, people of this planet!" The speakers of the ship carried his voice with a rumbling force, the humans within the nearest city blocks turned and started towards the ship
"We come in peace! Bring your leaders to us and show no resistance and no harm will come to-to..."
The figures grew more grotesque the closer they came, pale shredded skin, eyes dangling out, limbs missing in perfectly gross ways and all of them running with reckless abandon towards the ship, not screaming or staring in awe like decent horrified invadees

The captain backed up as they reached the ship. The crew blasted them with lasers as the humans advanced but when one fell the rest climbed over and kept running. The crew and captain retreated back to the ship and the door closed just as the captain had all but slipped through
"AAARGH!" yelled the captain as he pulled his freshly bitten hand through the closing doorway

"Computer, get us out of here! This planet isn't worth the trouble."


In hyperspace the ship sped away to the Radix homeworld

"How are you feeling captain?" queried the ship
The captain's skin was sunken and his eyes were turning an eerie shade of yellow. He groaned "uugnhh...Not so well...Glad we'll be back to homeworld soon...I could really use...
a bite


It was when our state-of-the-art anomaly detection software kept saying everything was fine I got concerned. It seemed too good to be true. My coworkers celebrated by taking out sick leave for the first time in years. Then they just stayed home. I was left alone. When I received a phone call from the president of the company, a mythical figure I'd never even seen a picture of, things got stranger.

"They're saying it's some kind of flu," he said.

"Yes, Mr. President. I heard."

"I'm not *the* president, you know," he said, laughing. "Not quite yet anyhow ..."

"What?"

"Oh! Never mind ... As the only employee left on the ship when everyone else is knocked out by a damn cold, I think you deserve recognition."

"Thank you, Mr. P---"

"Please," he said, "Call me Marcus Lucius. There will be a ceremony tonight. I hope you will be able to attend."

"I'm sure--"

I suddenly lost the signal. Oh well.

These last weeks I had been practically living in the office. When had the parking lot become overrun with homeless people? I could see them all limping around like they were all coked up. Their eyes were bloodshot and open wide. Man, I seemed to have missed one hell of a party.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I haven't got any change."

One of them grabbed hold of me. "They're here!" he cried. "They took me onboard their ship, they stuck probes inside my ... they're here! Oh the humanity! They're here!"

One of the coked-up limpers caught him from behind and drove his teeth into his throat. I fell to the ground from the shock. I had read about this somewhere. Some Russian or Brazilian drug that made people crazy. Some homeless guy had eaten a guy's face. I would not be up for this tonight. Sorry, limpy.

I drove off as fast as I could. Somehow I had become more adept at driving overnight. My car moved smoothly, almost as if it was driving itself. I could remember some talk about switching over to autonomous vehicles, but surely they couldn't have installed an update overnight? I let go of the wheel for a bit, and sure enough! Well I'd be damned. What a nice surprise.

What was not so nice was what happened next. The large thump could only mean one thing. Horrified, I tried to apply the brakes. It wouldn't respond. How do you disable this feature? I hadn't the time to try any buttons before I saw a bloodied hand slap the windshield. Then, a half-rotten face slid down. The other half soon peeked at me, still attached to its owner. I hit every button I could find, screaming. Some crazy drug must have flooded the market. Strangely, my first thought was *why haven't I been offered any?*

The car sped up. I couldn't stop it. The half-faced coke-head flew off the hood. I couldn't get the door open. At the very last moment I was able to break a window. I jumped out, comforting myself that at least I wouldn't be a *burning* mutilated corpse.

When I came to I could move my arms. I could touch my legs, but I couldn't feel them. Then I realized they weren't my legs. They were just legs. Mine turned out to be fully functional. Before I had any time to deal with this situation, I saw what seemed to be fireworks. Only, they flew much higher than what was normal. Hundreds, maybe thousands, all flying toward nothing. That is, until they all exploded with a massive force, hitting *something*. A massive thing, easily the size of the entire city, sat in the air. Exploding.

As hell rained down on me, all I could think was that I would never be able to take out those sick days.


"Any news from Moscow?"
I sat up in my seat. For one hundred years it had commanded the hall of conference, this cavern of stone. It was rather comfortable. I somewhat wished, in that regard, that the world above me would become more like my chair. 
"Sorry Sir"
Henry had been monitoring transmissions for the last twenty hours
"It's been all quiet on the eastern front since twenty three hundred hours GMT - Vladimir and the New Red Army have barricaded the Kremlin."
Zombies, I assumed.
"'All quiet on the eastern front' isn't a thing Henry. Also do the robots have the nukes?"
I asked again - having forgotten the answer from three hours ago.
"No Sir. A state of emergency was declared in every country on earth approximately twenty one hours ago. Protocol Four-Seven was initiated at five hundred hours GMT.  To prevent enemy acquisition of atomic weaponry we shot all twelve thousand, one hundred and fourteen warheads at the city of Detroit."
Ah yes - they all told me that aliens were coming - "nuke the space lizards" they said - but I knew the real problem. 
Fucking Detroit.
"The robots are proposing a truce"
Henry called from the doorway to the radio room after what was likely several hours.
"We just received an email from the YouTube algorithm. To summarize their proposition - The toaster men are having trouble killing some green bois and want the help of every remaining military force on earth or else they'll delete our channel."
Some time passed as I considered this information.
The last remaining satellite passed over our location - I requested to see the image of the United States - to see the condition of the earth around me. A faint line of green stretched towards our bunker. I had the image zoomed and enhanced - using technology which we had kept secret from all but a select group of Hollywood producers for years. This was no line - it was a rank of green figures who marched for miles across the country to our location. They were no lizard men or zombies. As they destroyed the blast door and marched in - I realized with horror, these men, still glowing a sickly colour, came from Detroit.


The end of world  
must come one day  
but how it does  
no one can say.

Will metal minds,  
cruel intellect,  
calculate our  
bloody deaths?  

At the risk of  
sounding batty  
it could be the  
illuminati.  

Or maybe those   
from outer space  
will subjugate  
the human race.  

Last but not least  
we may instead  
all be consumed  
by grey undead.  

But what if we  
in dire straits  
are set upon  
by all four fates?  

Would all of them  
just cancel out?  
Or would there be  
a fourfold rout?  

To have that fate  
I could not bear;   
I'd rather die  
by solar flare.


Greg woke to sirens. He had played computer games the night before, and before shutting of the TV he vaguely remembered something about how unlikely it was that a number of major scientific breakthroughs, one in biotechnology, one in signal propagation in space, and another robotics and artificial intelligence could occur a few weeks from each other. But that was all in the past, and now the irritating blare of alarm sirens filled his ears as he groggily rose from his bed. He cocked his head and listened as the alarm gave way to a voice.


**WARNING, STAY IN YOUR HOMES. THE MILITARY IS UNDER CONTROL. WARNING, STAY IN YOUR HOMES. THE MILITARY IS UNDER CONTROL**


"What" Greg muttered, "is going on?"

He turned on the TV and flipped through the channels. Every one broadcasted emergency news. Stock market crash, the appearance of a biological virus that turned people into mindless, flesh-eating monsters, robots all over the world acting of their own accord, and-

"Wha-" he broke off, flipping through the channels he saw that there were reports of humans shedding the skin off their faces, revealing gruesome, reptilian heads.

**BOOM**

There was an explosion outside and he rushed to the window of his studio apartment to look. He rubbed his eyes to make sure he was awake and looked at his wristwatch. 9:42 am, it said. But outside his window was darkness. He looked up to see a dark object, eclipsing the sun. To Greg it seemed like a terrible vessel. Smaller ships seemed to detach from the ship, and with three massive whip-like legs they roamed the earth.

**BOOM**

Another deafening blast, as the ground shook from a barrage from the three-legged creature.

"Jes-" he involuntarily stopped himself, "Prince of Peace." He breathed.

Throughout everything Greg remained unusually calm. It truly seemed like the end of the world. A massive automated robotic army was mobilizing, flesh-eating *things*, lizard people, gigantic three-legged destroyers of mankind, everything was happening so suddenly, and precisely at the same time that Greg seemed to have gone into shock. With unnatural calm he exited the apartment through the fire exit, and climbed. Climbed up, up to the roof of his apartment complex, violence, chaos, and death all around him.

He stood, almost frozen, at the top of the old building, the owner said that it had been there since the 80's, but he surmised that none of that mattered now, and gazed as far as the eye could see. Everywhere people were panicking, screaming for their loved ones, sobbing, running, as the monsters, one and all, decided that today was their day.

Greg, unbeknownst to himself, began to smile. "My father always said that a time would come that..." he trailed off, speaking to no one in particular.

"Then again, he was always a liar. Better late to the party than be a no-show."

Greg, the Anti-Christ, showed his true form, and everywhere, people knew the true meaning of Apocalypse.

#beep beep

First time posting here, and as with Greg, I'm also a bit late to the party. Comments appreciated!


This morning could not be more awkward for the President. 

He'd just spent the morning starting a Twitter war over the recent congressional hearing and was walking out of the restroom when a brilliant flash of green light had vaporized the oak door of the bathroom. 

As the President stood in the smoking remains of the White House Presidential Restroom, his ears were bombarded with an orchestra of noises. The load moans of hoards of zombies and rambling chants of Illuminati priests nearly drowned out the rattling of the self-aware Keurig machines as they battled with the Secret Service. 

He slowly took in the chaos around him, as Tripod Walkers smashed through the Washington Monument while Marine Corps gunships bombarded Constitutional Avenue to keep the Jefferson Monument from falling into the Freemasons' hands. 

The President sighed, stepped out of the smoldering wreckage that was the White House, and slowly peeled away his infamously orange hair to reveal a scaly reptilian skull. As his Secret Service agents gathered around him, their human disguises discarded to reveal their reptilian natures, the President withdrew a Desert Eagle from inside of his robe. 

"Today is gonna be 'uge," the President mumbled, as he began to engage in a new twitter war with Skynet.


First came the zombies. They weren't the worst by far, seeing as most were too decomposed to do much damage and surprisingly had some sense of targeting, leaving some areas relatively unscathed, where the local government hadn't massacred the natives.

Next came the relatively conventional conspiracies. Military coups across the world. The Freemason's "Barricades 612" course. The right wing militia rose, and the left wing protestors cowered in terror before them. Of course there were some surprises- nobody was expecting the attempt to instate Blizzard as the ruler of South Korea, and the subsequent countercoup by Samsung executives, or the seizing of the Taipei airport by a horde of 7-year old girls who were fans of Hello Kitty. (The invasion of Iraq by gyroscope-riding Iranian militiamen was a bit of a surprise, though.)

Then the aliens arrived, in their strange, inscrutable ships. That was about the time people started playing with nukes, and the aliens as well. Things weren't looking well for a while- the few aliens on the surface were essentially unstoppable. But eventually more aliens arrived, from stranger worlds, and the worst Earth got of it was radio backscatter and an impressive fireworks display. 

Then some more unconventional conspiracies arose. A race of lizardmen from the depths of the earth revealed themselves as diamond executives. A group of daring researchers grew a special avocado to cleanse internet executives of their alien parasites. This had the unintended side effect of leaving the more demonic inhabitants of their minds to freely roam, which led to the replacement of the internet with something that is best left undescribed. This, however, disturbed Cthulhu from his long Netflix-nap, and he rose against those who would take away his binge watching of *The Office*. 

The battle between Beezelbub and Cthulhu was epic, wiping away Nazis, Communists, Illimunati, and wizened old Tibetans alike. It would have been much more impressive if the more Knight-Templar aliens set aside their differences temporarily to cleanse the universe of the great abomination. Against the efforts of Daleks, Species 8472, the Vorlons, and the Protoss, neither Cthulhu nor Beezelbub stood a chance in hell of survival.

The aliens didn't even have that chance when the coronal ejections hit. The Solarians had the last laugh this time.

Armageddon also happened, but it was fairly dull and the Israelis settled the issue fairly quickly. 

Aside from oft forgotten New Zealand, and the clockwork-defended Switzerland, the world was in ruins. (Israel was now glowing, strangely peaceful, and absolutely terrified most everyone else.) As the survivors fought amongst themselves, the Kiwis and Swiss agreed to just forget about Thursday.


I have nothing to lose.

Most of the few survivors are banding together, throwing parties. Others are trying to pillage what is left of the few pockets of abandoned civilization while avoiding the swarms of undead. The smart ones have taken over Costco stores. And then there's the Illuminati. Since they don't have to hide anymore, they throw Superbowl-half-time style parties every other day, using their brainwashed mind slaves. I've heard Beyoncé keeps outdoing herself, somehow.

None of that matters to me. Nothing matters to me anymore, except for this one question: WHY. There were no leads, no reasons, no clues. Nobody could make any connections or inferences or even correlations. Nothing was weird one day and the next everything was tits up. Every single square inch of this planet was thrust into several action flicks at once and my only goal in life now is knowing WHY, so I came to the epicenter of it all. What I think is the epicenter of it all, at least, since the most multi apocalyptic activity has been happening around here: Los Angeles. I have to wear a suit crafted with fallen robots to camouflage myself from their patrols, which buys me only a few seconds. This wouldn't work in hotter climates, but in the now very snowy California, robots have to be in battery saving mode all the time and that means that they allocate less energy into detecting biological markers. Ah, yeah, there's a climate apocalypse here too. It hit the Mediterranean sea the hardest... it boiled. It boiled so perfectly so fast the entirety of Europe smells like fish soup now.

I see a bright light up in the sky and curse. Is this another meteor? Will this tilt the Earth again? will it counter tilt and bring Earth to where it was again? Will it mess up the tilt twice over AGAIN? Will the reptilians stop sacrificing suburban housewives to celebrate EVERY TIME? But I don't think this one is a meteor... there are more, and they are static... and there's music.

Just music in the air. And it's not an occult language praising the elder gods. No, it is rock. American pop rock. I must be close, I can feel it in my bones, in my marrow even. I venture further, I am on the right track. There are explosions, but no war machines around. No planes, no tanks, no soldiers. The air is filled with guitar solos and explosions and the night sky has been decorated by a kind of *aurora borealis* that resembles an American flag. I press further and happen to walk past a glass, and my reflection terrifies me. I am no longer a short Latin divorcee in her mid 50s. Now I am a white but supernaturally tan, extremely thin, extremely busty, leggy blonde with a childish face. I feel so cold now that I have lost ALL of my body fat. It took me decades of taco consumption to build all that blubber... and it's gone. I press on. I must.

I arrive to a mansion surrounded by UFOs that throw destructive lasers around, but the place remains untouched. There are explosions, cars racing in and out of the many gardens and I can make at least six different pools full of unnaturally tanned thin women, mostly blondes. There are brunettes and redheads here and there, too. I walk toward the mansion itself, and hear a woman yell "take cover!" near me. She takes cover and I see a grenade fly past the second pool and landing inches from my feet. I do nothing. It explodes, but it does not hurt me, not even the booming sound hurts my ears. The woman looks up, puzzled. She looks into my eyes and says "I used to be the gardener. My chest was hairy... I had a beer gut". I press on and enter the mansion. I walk past Mexican stand offs, gun fights, bikini clad women fighting each other, meowing. Literal cat fights, those are. I walk to where the music takes me, to where it is the loudest and finally arrive at a room flooding golden light and sparks of blue, white and red.

I enter. "it is you! I knew it was you!" I yell in my high pitched voice. "But HOW?"

The air feels electric. There is silence.

Michael Bay turns around to face me. He is now a mass of muscles. He is dressed as a mix of He-Man, a quarterback and an 80s hair band lead singer. The golden rays come from his glistening, tan skin. It's blinding. He holds up a monkey paw with a single finger bent into the palm.

"ISN'T THIS AWESOME? THEY TOLD ME I COULD MAKE A WISH, AND I DID, AND I DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD HAPPEN, BUT IT DID, IT DID!"

He laughs.

"What... what did you...?" It can't be. It can't actually be... oh, no, please, it can't.

"I WISHED TO BE THE EXECUTIVE PRODUCER AND DIRECTOR OF REALITY, AND IT CAME TRUE!"

His laughter echoes deep within my soul. I think I'm going to join the Illuminati.


John sipped his green tea calmly. He was sitting amidst the debris, drinking his tea out of a cut-out aluminuim can. At a distance he could see large blueish ships being attacked by swarms of silver metallic birds. 

I'm too old for this, he thought. 

He finished his tea and got up to water his plants. His plants were what saved him, for if he hadn't been out to water them, the blue orb would've flattened him along with his house.

He heard the growl which he has been hearing from the past two days. It seemed like he was somehow transported into a nightmare, a bad dream. Only few days ago everything was normal. His guava tree was just about to bear fruit. The tree was no more.

He remembered how she had helped him plant the tree.

The tree was no more. 

He turned to see the robotic scout dog. The dog peered at him curiously, then scanned him with it's green laser. 

He heard footsteps. The dog sat, intently watching the old man's movements. The footsteps grew louder. Three hunks approached him, two of them wearing metallic armour. They were not living beings, but they were sentient. He could feel the case of their cameras on him, the slight whirring noise they made when trying to shift their focus. The third hunk removed his mask to reveal a very human face, for it was a human face indeed.

"We can control the robots now. It took time, but we did it. Now, we just need to take care of the Aliens. All the zombies...." he trailed off, realising he spoke too much.

The old man had lived long and seen enough pain. He nodded at him understandingly. 

"Today, we have succeeded. We all entered the battle at the same time, but we must ensure that only we're the ones remaining. Take down the aliens, and bask in the glory of the new world."

The bluish ship fell to the earth a loud crunch. Maybe it was over. Maybe this was their victory. 

It was a well deserved one at that, too.


My first time posting so go easy on me would ya.

Old Godzilla was hoppin' around
Tokyo city like a big playground
But suddenly Batman burst from the shade
And hit Godzilla with a bat grenade
Godzilla got pissed and began to attack
But didn't expect to be blocked by Shaq
Who proceeded to open up a can of Shaq-fu
When Aaron Carter came out of the blue
And he started beating up Shaquille 'o' Neal
Then they both got flattened by the batmobile
But before it could make it back to the batcave
Abraham Lincoln popped out of his grave
And took an AK-47 out from under his hat
And blew Batman away with a ratatattat
But he ran out of bullets and he ran away
Because Optimus Prime came to save the day


This is the ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny
Good guys, bad guys, and explosions as far as the eye can see
And only one will survive I wonder who it will be
This is the ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny


Godzilla took a bite out of Optimus Prime
Like Scruff McGruff took a bite out crime
And then Shaq came back covered in a tire track
But Jackie Chan jumped out and landed on his back
And Batman was injured and trying to get steady
When Abraham Lincoln came back with a machete
But suddenly something caught his leg and he tripped
Indiana Jones took him out with his whip
Then he saw Godzilla sneaking up from behind
And he reached for his gun which he just couldn't find
Cause Batman stole it and he shot and he missed
And Jackie Chan deflected it with his fist
Then he jumped in the air and he did a somersault
While Abraham Lincoln tried to polevault
Onto Optimus Prime but they collided in they air
Then they both got hit by a Carebear stare

This is the ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny
Good guys, bad guys, and explosions as far as the eye can see
And only one will survive I wonder who it will be
This is the ultimate showdown...


Angels sang out... in immaculate chorus...


Down from the heavens... descended Chuck Norris...


Who delivered a kick... which could shatter bones...


Into the crotch... of Indiana Jones...


Who fell over on the ground... writhing in pain...


As Batman changed back... into Bruce Wayne...


But Chuck saw through... his clever disguise...


And he crushed Batman's head... in between his thighs

Then Gandalf the gray, and Gandalf the white
And Monty Python and the Holy Grail's black knight
And Benito Mussolini, and the Blue Meanie
And Cowboy Curtis, and Jambie the genie
Robocop, The Terminator, Captain Kirk, and Darth Vader
Lo-pan, Superman, every single Power Ranger
Bill S. Preston, and Theodore Logan
Spock, The Rock, Doc Oct, and Hulk Hogan


All came out of nowhere lightning fast
And they kicked Chuck Norris in his cowboy ass
It was the bloodiest battle that the world ever saw
With civilians looking on in total awe
The fight raged on for a century
Many lives were claimed but eventually
The champion stood, the rest saw their better
Mr. Rogers in a blood-stained sweater


Something was obviously wrong. The doctor was pale, and kept her limbs floating free. She was trying too hard to appear aloof. But I pretended not to notice. Doctor Molf's entire job was to break down complicated matters and explain them so muscle-headed military men like myself could understand. It was best that she be allowed to do so at her own pace

"Have you eaten, Doctor?" I signed, "I'm feeling a little peckish myself. Perhaps we could make this a dinner meeting?" 

"Oh, no, sir." Her refusal was swift. "I mean, I couldn't possibly. We're just all so busy down there, and, really, I only came to give you a quick update. Er, no offense, of course."

"None taken, of course." I drifted back into my chair and assumed a relaxed color.  I had hoped the Doctor would take my cue, but she remained uncomfortably at attention, hovering in front of the doorway. After a brief pause, she began signing a little too quickly.

"Well, everything-- Most things have proceeded as we projected. Relative to the probes' data, I mean. Pollutants have piled up to dangerous, but expected, levels. We're particularly concerned about the amount of plastic refuse. The ozone is, well, not unsalvageable, but--"

"Forgive me, Doctor," I interrupted. It wasn't like her to ramble. "but I don't think you'd come in person just to tell me everything's on track. A written report would do for that. Can I assume that some things have not proceeded as we projected?"

A pregnant pause.

"Technology. Some of their technology has... gone into an irregular direction."

My eyes narrowed. "Weapons?"

"Oh, no. I mean, yes, but no. Their most powerful weapons remain thermonuclear arms. They're gotten a little stronger, but nothing to concern us. Mostly they've become more adept at small-scale, intertribal conflict. No, what surprised us was  a sudden leap forward in the development of artificial intelligence."

"What, robots? I thought we expected robots."

"We expected automation," she conceded. "but not to this degree. The programs I'm talking about are full-on sapience simulation. Actual intelligent life, in machine form. This sort of technology ought to be centuries out of their grasp."

That was weird. "Earth" was deep in our own backyard. That's a large part of the reason we had selected it for assimilation. There shouldn't be any interference from the larger interstellar community. Shouldn't be, but...

"Have they been visited before?" I asked,

"That's one realm of possibility we're exploring. But, sir, I really don't think we should get married to any one theory at the moment. What we're dealing with are only extremely preliminary reports. I can't stress that enough."

"Fair enough. Do we know what these suspiciously advanced robots are being used for? Are we talking military drones, or...?"

The Doctor squirmed.

"That's the thing, sir. That's just the thing. It seems the A.I. isn't being used at all. It... Well, it seems to be, that they're fighting. The humans and machines I mean. They're in active combat." 

"Excuse me? They're fighting their own robots?" I signed. It was a struggle to keep an incredulous tint out of my skin. I didn't want to belittle the doctor. "What are you basing that idea on?"

"Local news reports, sir. The most curious thing is, the human governments seem just as surprised by the appearance of advanced A.I. as we are. The revolution, as it were, seems to have blindsided them."

I found myself tapping the side of my beak, and immediately stopped.  It was a bad habit of mine; a sure tell of my mounting frustration. A good leader shouldn't be so easy to read. I collected myself.

"If I remember my reports right, human culture is rather obsessed with fictional stories. Are we certain these 'news reports' aren't actually some sort of entertainment program?"

The Doctor flushed purple and signed, "We are not incompetent, sir."

She was right to be angry. That was an insulting question. I should have known better. I tried to collect myself again.

"Yes, well. Preliminary reports and all that, wasn't it? Why don't you get back to me when you have something a little more... firm." I gestured to the door behind her. I didn't think I would enjoy dinner.

The doctor hesitated. She drifted back to the door, stopped, and drifted back to me. She squirmed again.

"Was there something else, Doctor?"

"Sir. The A.I. emergence was... irregular. And it seems to have coincided with a separate, altogether more... bizarre event."

"More bizarre than a sudden, inexplicable robot upraising?" I turned teal. I couldn't help it. "Well, don't keep me in suspense, Doctor. Do go on."

"As I explained earlier, we currently believe that a war has erupted between the humans and artificially intelligent machines. And.... And we believe that there exists is a third party, also participating in this war." At the start, the Doctor had been signing too fast, but now her tentacles moved slowly and deliberately. Each word was precisely performed and perfectly colored. "The third party is not machine, but also not... quite... human. That is to say, they appear to be formerly deceased humans, given animation via an unknown mechanism."

Absolute stillness.

"Please elaborate, Doctor."

"I'm afraid we don't know much more than that, sir. Only that these corpse-humans are significantly less intelligent than either the living-humans or the machine-humans. They attack and feast upon the living, but don't appear to require nutrition or sustain--"

"You're not making any sense!" Now I was really getting angry. It was her job to make sense. "Dead things do not move, and they don't eat. That's the definition of dead. What are you on about?"

"Believe me, sir, I wish we knew. By all known metrics, these beings are not biologically active. And yet, they move, they--"

"Do they die?" I asked. She didn't respond, so I pressed the question. "To the best of your knowledge, Doctor, will the currently scheduled orbital bombardment eliminate every living, or quasi-living, or whatever thing on that forsaken planet?"

"Well... Yes. Sir. But, sir, we have so many unanswered questions. We've barely scratched the surface! As a scientist, it seems like a such a waste to just... just wipe it all out, mysteries and all."

"This was not suppose to be a complicated assimilation, Doctor. I'm not sure I appreciate you trying to make it complicated."

"Sir. Please. We need only the slightest delay in the schedule. And... Perhaps a few soldiers. If only we could make landfall, our ability to understand the situation would be dramatically increased."

I was tapping my beak again. I stopped. 

"You will have... one month. Planetside time. Yo--"

"Oh, thank you, sir. You won't regret this, I--"

"Let me finish, Doctor." In her jubilance, the Doctor had propelled herself a few meters above me. She sheepishly drifted back down to the floor. "You will have one month. And you will have your soldiers. But I expect prompt results, do you understand me? If all you end up doing down there is scratching your heads, I'm pulling the plug early. And if there is even a single casualty on our side, I'm pulling the plug, and scrubbing that planet clean. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, sir. This is the start of something momentous, sir. You just wait and see."

She probably would've gone on like that if I hadn't shut the door on her. Alone, I swam around the room, mind buzzing. My appetite had vanished. How was I going to explain this to command back home?

~~~

Hey, this is my first time writing after a long break. I'm trying to get back into the swing of things. I'd really appreciate any criticism or advice anyone has.


"It's in theaters now! Coming this summer...

Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could. From giant cat-monsters. And then a giant tornado came. And that's when things got knocked into twelfth gear...

A Mexican...armada shows up. With weapons made from to- tomatoes. And you better betch'ur bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle business.

In! 'Alien...Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers...Who Are Just Regular Brothers Running...in a Van from an...Asteroid and All Sorts of Things: The Movie'.

Hold on! There's more. Old women are comin'! And they're also in the movie and they're gonna come...and cross...attack...these two brothers. But let's get back to the brothers because they're- they have a strong bond! You don't wanna know about it here, but I'll tell you one thing.

The Moon. It comes crashing into Earth! And whaddya do then? It's two brothers and I- and...and they're gonna...it's called 'Two Brothers' ...'Two Brothers'...it's just called 'Two Brothers'!


I take a long sip of my bitter coffee and open the blinds to the window in my kitchen, letting in some sunlight.  It's been months since I was able to find cream to put in my coffee. 
"Goddamn Illuminati," I grit through my teeth.
Just on time, I hear the daily Illuminati alarm, notifying me to go to work. 
"Hello, Human 135468007," chirps an almost human-like robot voice. "Please put on your uniform and have your supplied gun in hand. Your goal today is to kill 100 zombies. There are approximately 3 million zombies left in the world.  Refusal to comply will end in your termination. Thank you for your sacrifice for the betterment of this world, Human 135468007, and happy holidays from the Board of the Illuminati and AI. The deadline for your wishlist is due in three days. You may not put weapons, narcotics, digital devices, vehicles, alcohol, or anti-Illuminati propaganda on your wishlist. Each human is granted one item from their wishlist. Today is December 5, 2079."
I sigh, and head out of my apartment, gripping my gun tightly. 

I take in a whiff of the outside air: heavy, polluted, and depressing. I breathe out the disappointing breath of air, and I head over to the abandoned mall where both my friend and most of the zombies hang out. I whistle a tune from the days before The Takeover. I think it's by a musician by the name of... Taylor Swish? I can't remember. It's been a while since I listened to the song. I lost the iPhone some time ago to some zombies. I hope they're enjoying the music on it as much as I did. 

After what seems like forever, I make it to the mall. I immediately spot my friend shooting down two zombies. Nice.
"I'm glad to see that the aliens haven't abducted you yet, Satan," I joke, giving her a playful punch on the arm. 
With the last three digits of her ID number being 666, it was inevitable for her to be nicknamed Satan. She grins. "It's nice to see you too, double-oh-seven." 
I smile, remembering the time we were able to salvage a James Bond movie and a working laptop. 
"How many?" I ask.
"20 zombies shot, 80 left to go." She beams proudly. "You?"
"100 zombies, none shot," I reply. 
"Well then," she huffs, surveying the zombie-ridden mall, "time to shoot up the undead." 
I take the safety off my gun, and we head in. 
"I haven't seen you in days," I say, worriedly. A zombie comes around the right corner and I take it out with two bullets to the head. She shoots another one to the left. "What happened?"
She sighs, and wipes the sweat from her forehead. "One of the Illuminati's robot soldiers appeared at my doorstep some days ago. They want to recruit me and make me part of their human army. The UFOs have just become more and more frequent, and they want to send in an organic life-form to talk with the aliens. Since they've noticed that I'm pretty good at fighting and that I'm a human, they want to make me, of all people, the fucking general and official diplomat between Earth and the aliens. It's probably the dumbest shit I've ever heard, but what can I do? If I don't comply, then it's off with my head or whatever the shit." She shoots another zombie in the chest multiple times, and then kicks it in the face. I shoot it one more time for good measure. 
"That sucks like shit," I say. "We won't be able to hang out anymore, and you'll become one of... Them."
"I'm aware of shitty-ness of the situation," she grumbles. "It's all fucked up. Anyways, I was interviewed and probed 'n' shit by the robots for a few days, which was why I was gone. It wasn't anything super invasive, but it was hella annoying." She picks up some rubble and throws it at a zombie. 
"AGH!" she screams angrily, and she falls to the floor, sobbing. "Why me?" she cries. "Why have I survived this long?" 
I shoot the zombie in the head, and it falls to the floor. I crouch down and hug her. "You know what they say about the fittest," I say solemnly, quoting James Bond. 
I check the small screen on my gun. "3 ZOMBIES," it reads. Only 97 more to go.

END OF PART I. 
(i might make a part II, idk.)


The damn boy had found the book. Even worse, the exact *page* with his name.

"Put it down," he hissed, trying to summon the necessary rage to project his voice enough to reach the living boy's ear. "Do as I say, or suffer the consequences - you'll rue this day, I will - "

The child lifted his hand, idly smoothing his hair as he imagined a breeze passing through the room. Godammit. After so many millennia, he just didn't have the power anymore. He hadn't even been able to lift so much as a piece of paper or make one syllable heard for years now. Fading with every passing day, but never enough to simply wink out. No, he was doomed to roam the earth as little more than a wisp of smoke, drawn inevitably to the cursed books that carried his name.

"Rama Odah," the boy sounded out the syllables, and in an agony of pain and pleasure, he felt his identity shiver and strengthen, a blade of grass tasting water after a drought. 

"Mom, what's this?" the boy asked the woman - Kelly, or something, if he remembered right - who suddenly swept into the study, distractedly looking for something she'd lost. Her 'cellphone', probably. The people of this age were somehow anchored to the things.

"Oh," Kelly said, a slight smile pulling at the corners of her mouth. "Nice one, Zack. You found the family heirloom. I wanted you to find it yourself, you know..."

Her voice bubbled with enthusiasm as she told the boy, not caring that she tied him to the Earth with each word, even though she scarcely believed half of her own story. The relic of a philosopher who had died thousands of years ago, leaving his library of work in the care of only his relatives. And each generation had passed it onto the next, not breathing a word to anyone outside the family of its contents.

"He was a great man," she said finally. "He had the most beautiful ideas about all sorts of things, centuries before his time. The nature of immortality, the afterlife, good and evil, the desire for power...there's a section of his work that seems to speculate on parallel universes, you know. Well, we've no idea how old this stuff really is. You'll see we made notes and possible translations of the terminology in the margins, throughout the years. Pretty neat, though, huh? You know, I remember my grandma telling me she thought the house might be haunted by the man. A story *her* mother told her. Haven't spotted him myself, though."

They both chuckled, though the boy's eyes widened at the tale.

"You're reading a copy of the original, of course," she added. "Read all of it, tell me what you think, and I might let you have a peek at the originals."

She dropped him a shadow of a wink and backed out of the room, as if she had to give him privacy for some monumental task. 

Rama groaned to himself as the boy read with evident absorption, his name imprinting itself forever onto the kid's mind. Great. Another eighty-odd years of this life. The boy would likely pass the story on to his own children, too. He'd long ago accepted it as his punishment for daring to speculate on the nature of life after death. Of course, he'd seen the other spirits - clearly, his punishment wasn't unique.

But his had to be one of the *longest*, all due to his arrogance in trying to ensure his name. It wouldn't have been so bad, if only they weren't so obsessed with the mystery of keeping his name a secret, even amongst themselves. Oh, they thought of him, sometimes. But they didn't share his ideas, didn't *really* talk about him. He was a kooky relic to pass on from one generation to the next, like a dusty ring on a shelf, not a topic of conversation at dinner.

He didn't even have that much fame in the shadow of life he could claim as his own.

Rama watched morosely as the boy sank down in front of the curious thing he called his 'computer', fingers flying over the keys on the desk. Probably to play one of his accursed video games. Zack had already *mostly* forgotten about him, shelving him into a little corner of his mind that would, nevertheless, sustain him for decades more of life. Damn him. Damn them all to hell, if it existed. How would he even know.

Hours later, Rama felt himself jerked into wakefulness. He hadn't slept, of course, but he could fade away into a murkiness that resembled most closely the release he sought. But he was *awake*, more alive than he had felt in centuries.

"What?" he croaked, and he saw the boy jump and whip his head around, his face pale and pinched in the dark room. He seemed unnerved. Rama almost felt like his heart was racing, if he still had one. His name was being repeated.

Once, twice. A *dozen* times.

He drifted closer to the boy, and read over his shoulder. A strange glowing page carried the legend "Philosophers Den - welcome to our corner of the web". Somehow, it was reaffirming him - his name was being called. He read the comments with growing amazement. They were popping up every now and then, seemingly from nowhere.

*An heirloom, did you say? What is the guy's name? I can't really make out the handwriting...*

*Rama Odah, I think,* another said. *This is pretty cool stuff, man. The language seems right for the period, at least, this could be a major discovery. Can you scan the rest of the pages tomorrow?*

The boy - Zack, Rama remembered with sudden clarity - turned his attention to the screen again, and typed a response.

*Sure thing. I don't know why my family hid this from the world for so long, but I'd like to change things*. Shortly after, Zack yawned and made his way to bed.

Rama stood staring at the screen long after it had gone dark, long after Zack's breathing dropped into the deep rhythm of sleep. 

He trembled as he moved his hand forward, and pressed the power button, summoning every atom of energy buzzing through his being. He could hardly believe his eyes as it hummed to life.

The blessed boy - his *descendant*, after all - had found the key to life after death. At last.

-----------
[Part Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkfinger/comments/6jr72k/part_two_when_you_die_your_ghost_remains_in_the/)

[Part Three](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkfinger/comments/6jt0va/part_three_when_you_die_your_ghost_remains_in_the/)

[Part Four/Conclusion](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkfinger/comments/6jz38r/part_four_when_you_die_your_ghost_remains_in_the/)

Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.


I looked down at the corpse of the man that I had haunted for the last two decades. 

“Into the ground you go,” I muttered as the first shovel of mud rained down on the sleek top of the casket.

“I suppose you’re right,” said the ghost of the man.

It was always a bit uncomfortable when your hauntee confronted you after their death.  Some were mad, others were… well, they wanted revenge. But if you’ve been in the business as long as I have, little spooks you anymore.

“Are you upset about the steps in the attic at night?” I asked him.

He smiled and crossed his spectral arms. “Not, in the slightest.”

“What about when I moved stuff around in your house?”

“That was mildly inconvenient at times.”

I pursed my lips. “So the last twenty years were a complete waste…”

“That’s not true,” the man said. “Do you see that fellow over there by my headstone?”

“Sure.”

“I didn’t have many friends in life, and when Jukka dies, I’ll be gone forever. I appreciated you keeping me company all those years; I was quite lonely.”

“No problem, I guess.”

“Good luck,” he said.

And with that, the ghost of the man drifted over to Jukka and took a seat in the grass. I sighed. For the last few thousand years, I had been searching far and wide for the person who still remembered me. I had of course given up. The system was broken somehow – it had to be!

I left the graveyard and the tall pines of Finland. I needed a change of setting. That’s one of the few perks of being a ghost – you can go anywhere you like in the blink of an eye.

Soon the hot sands of Sahara whipped through my ethereal body. I drifted east. Maybe it was time to visit Egypt again. It had been a good five centuries since last time. The pyramids reminded me of home. Granted, your memory does get a bit fuzzy with the years, but I remember that we had structures just like those when I was alive.

I drifted through Giza and made people in the streets shudder despite the heat. The pyramids had been full of ghosts for several centuries after the Pharaohs died – we’d had some great conversations back in the day.

I slipped through the wall and entered one of the deepest burial chambers. Judging from the untouched dust, it was still sealed off and hadn’t been discovered yet by the archeologists.

“Tut,” I said, “You still around?”

The room remained quiet. 

“You old fox, Tut!” I muttered. “You promised to tell me where you got the idea to build pyramids from…”

I ran my fingers over the sarcophagus. Tut had always been a pain when it came to information. He guarded it with his life… death, I should say. Anyway, what was the point? Between ghosts, you know, he could’ve told me. But no.

“I’m going to look inside your sarc…” I said with a sly grin, hoping to trigger a response.

When there was still no sign of him, I thought ‘what the hell’ and put my head through its side.

Once you’re a ghost you get used to seeing death, so his dusty old bones didn’t rattle me in the slightest.

“What have we here… “

Just a bunch of withered clothes, jewels, and weapons. I was just about to poke the old geezer in the nose hole when I noticed a bundle that his skeletal arm was clutching.

“Huh, weird.”

Usually, the arms were mummified too, but this one had been purposely left to decay so that he could hold onto the object. 

“What's this?” I unfolded the cloth.

A metal ball rolled out of his dead fingers. It had a creasing wave and big A stylishly engraved on it. I remembered the design from somewhere. But where?

“Raphael,” the ball said. “It is good to see you again.”

It took a moment for me to realize that it was talking to me. It had been a few millennia since I last heard my name.

“Uhm, hi?”

“Would you like to run a system check?”

“What?”

“It’s been 15122 years since the last service update.”

The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn’t quite place it. Where had I last heard it? It was formal, almost haughty. Ancient Rome perhaps? Maybe the Dark Ages?

“How do you know my name?”

“You built me, Raphael.”

“Did I, now?”

“After your wife died, you built me. You wanted to insert her memories in me so that you could remember her. Of course, you died before you had the time to do so. I’m still an empty shell, but I remember you because you built me.”

“I guess I have some vague memory of that.”

“Would you like to insert your wife’s memories now?”

I chuckled, despite myself. I didn’t even remember her face or the color of her hair. 

“No,” I said. “That’s water under the bridge.”

“Would you like to insert any other memories?”

I thought for a moment. And then a smile crept up on my face. 

“Yeah, mine.”

*****
Sarah wiped the sweat from her brow and pushed the massive block to the side.

“Oh my god!” she said and took a careful step into the grave chamber.

With the new permits, she had been allowed to uncover the last of the pyramid’s secret. She held the glyph-translator over the entrance.

*Here rests Pharaoh Ka-Nan Tut.*

“Guys, get in here!” she called out. "I think I've found a big one!"

*****
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/6jnw07/the_oldest_ghost_part_2/)

Check out /r/Lilwa_Dexel for more stories!


Bill was having a beer with Al Capone, Shakespeare, Genghis Khan and the first dog to go to space when he broke down in tears.

"What's wrong?" Al Capone asked, behind a foam mustache from his pint.

"He gets like that when he drinks," Socrates, who had just joined them, said. "I've seen it before."

"Remind me again," Genghis Khan interrupted, "who the hell is this guy?"

Bill just cried. They were at one of the space colonies, at the local tavern. The people around them – the real, live people – couldn't see them.

"He's no one," Jack the Ripper added, taking a seat by Bill. "Not famous. So... did we start the meeting yet?"

"Every ghost here is famous," Khan said. "No one survives thousands of years if they didn't do something big."

"True that," said Da Vinci, from the corner of the bar, by Cleopatra's side.

"Well, Bill's just Bill," Jack the Ripper said. "Isn't that right, Bill?"

From his place at the edge of the table, Bill just cried.

It was the annual 'Ghosts Over 1,000 Years Old meetup'.

"What's wrong with him, then?" Jesse James asked, from the counter, his lips around a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster. 
"Why is he crying?"

Shakespeare nodded towards the end of the tavern, at a faraway table by the window opening to the dotted blackness of the galaxy spinning just outside. "Them. He's crying because of them."

A young couple sat there.

"Who are those?"

"*That* is Artemis, she's a living girl, you know, from the current time," Shakespeare said. "And the one across from her is… I don't know, her date, I guess."

The others watched. The girl – Artemis – chatted lively with a handsome man in military outfit. One of the colony's 
captains, probably. Young, but very tall.

At the mention of Artemis' name, Bill cried harder.

"And, what?" Genghis Khan said, "is he like into her or something?"

"Dude, he's a ghost," Michelangelo added. "Of course he's not into her."

"Sorry I'm late guys, I thought you said Colony 19, not 29," Theodore Roosevelt had just arrived. He took a seat by Homer's side. "So… what are we talking about this month? Oh… who's this?"

"It's Bill. Apparently." Genghis Khan shrugged. "He didn't conquer any land or cured any illness. I don't get it either."

"Okay… Bill never attends these meetings, guys," Shakespeare said. "Because he's not like us. He's the only ghost 
that's lived over a thousand years without being famous. He doesn't feel at home. And… well, he's always afraid 
that… *this* will happen." He nodded towards the girl Artemis again. "That he'll run into her."

"Will someone explain to me who the fuck that girl is, please!?" Gandhi, who always got like this after a few drinks, 
uttered, slamming the table. He burped.

"Artemis is the great-great-great," Jack the Ripper paused for breath… "great-great… add several more greats 
there… granddaughter of a French girl named Celine."

At the mention of this name, Bill hid his face between his hands and sniffed loudly.

"Celine was Bill's summer love in high school, like, a LOT of years ago," Shakespeare added, his voice wrapped around something like envy… like he wished he'd himself have written the love story they were telling Khan.

"And things didn't really work out between them," Socrates said. "Celine had to move back to France, she was 
staying in the USA for the summer only."

"What the fuck is a USA?" Genghis asked.

"Okay, I take offense in that," Christopher Columbus said, returning from the bathroom and pulling up a chair. "I told you about the New World already like a thousand times, Genghis."

"The point is…" Shakespeare continued, "Bill was never happy again. Couldn't get married. Could never find a girl like Celine. She was... the one."

"Celine, however, did find a man back in Paris and started a family. You know, eventually."

"But apparently she never forgot Bill either…"

"Because she'd tell the story of her American summer love to her daughter every night…"

"... who thought the story was so beautiful she told it to *her* daughter…"

"... and so on and so forth…"

"… for fifteen thousand years…"

"… and hence why Bill can't die. The story is still going strong."

Silence took over the table. On the corner, they could see Artemis leaning forward, telling something to her date. 
A story, perhaps.

"And the sad part is," Shakespeare said, in a low voice, "that since Bill never had a family…"

"… he had no one to tell the story to…"

"… and so Celine isn't alive anymore…"

"… because you have to be remembered by someone other than your family, naturally, otherwise the world would 
be crawling with anonymous ghosts…"

"… so because he loved her so much that he could never find anyone else…"

"… and because their love story was so beautiful that it survived 15,000 years in Celine's family…"

Bill burped…

"… Bill's getting drunk now," Genghis Khan finished, understand at last. "Holy shit. That's heavy."

Bill got up. He cleaned his eyes. "I gotta pee," he said, slowly. 

In her corner, Laika barked sadly and in Russian.

Bill dragged himself towards the bathroom. The ghost table watched him go, in silence. By the window, Artemis' date was saying, "Wow, that's such a beautiful story…"

Genghis would deny it later, but Michelangelo, who was sitting nearby, swear he heard an emotive sniff.

________

*For more stories where I subtly imply that Shakespeare would be envious of my writing skills, check out /r/psycho_alpaca =)*


15,000 years. 15,000 mid-numbing years of waiting. It was exciting to Adam at first at first, the knowledge that life didn't just end with death, that he got to stick around and observe humanity. It suited him well, he'd always been a quiet fellow, and since he was just a ghost, no one gave him a hard time for being a wallflower anymore. He could just sit and people-watch and enjoy himself, and that's exactly what he did for a while.

The first 10 years were the best of his life or afterlife. No responsibilities, no bills, no obligations, no attachments, just traveling around the world and observing to his heart's content. All of his hobbies, bird-watching, fine art, reading rare books, he now actually had time to do. He saw sunrise on the rim of the Grand Canyon more times than he could count. He took afternoon siestas atop the Eiffel Tower whenever he wanted. It was exhilarating and it was perfect.

The next 90 years calmed down a bit, but were still wonderful. He got into a nice routine, checking in on people he knew, seeing and learning new things. It was all he ever wanted in life, just without the living part. He saw people come and go, first from life to ghosts like him, and then some time later from ghost to the great beyond. He felt pity for those poor souls who just got a few years of afterlife and then were forgotten.

The next 900 years were solid. 900 years of observing human progress, and he got to see all of it. At some point he started to wonder who exactly was still remembering him, but he wasn't exactly complaining. He saw new forms of art, music, writing. He accompanied the third Martian expedition and got to see a whole new planet! By the end of the millennium Adam reckoned he'd seen more of what humanity had accomplished than just about anyone. He felt like a god; people came and went, but Adam just was.

With each passing millennium things got a bit duller. The sun didn't shine quite the way it used to, it seemed. Humanity found new and terrible ways to kill each other. By his fifth millennium he was bored. By his tenth millennium he was depressed. By his fifteenth millennium, he was just exhausted. He was thankful for his extended time, but he just wanted to be finished, and try as he might, had no idea who still remembered him.

And then it happened: the Sun went supernova and extinguished all life on Earth. The good people of Mars died a few days later. With just almost all of humanity dying, most every ghost passed on as well. It was just Adam and a thousand other ghosts left, who realized that the last remaining crew of Humans were the crew of 6 who had left for Europa.

After realizing what happened, the ghosts formed an astral caravan and travelled to Europa. They all desperately wanted to keep the crew alive and Humanity with it, and Adam tagged along with them. He didn't say anything, but he knew if they died his ennui would finally be over. They got to Europa, and found the 6 of them, nearly freezing to death and on their last fuel cell. Then 2 of them died, and a cadre of ghosts vanished. Then another the next week, and another the week after, and the last vestiges of humanity were 2 humans, Adam, and a few hundred ghosts.

Those last two explorers gave each other a dejected look, and resignedly opened the cyanide capsule in their craft. There was a wail of grief among ghost kind, but there was nothing to be done. As they took the pill, Adam was at peace, finally ready to enter the Great Beyond. He closed his eyes and-

Nothing. The last two died, turned into ghosts, and then they and all other ghosts disappeared. It was just Adam stuck on a godforsaken rock. He collapsed in a heap of anguish, inconsolable and at a loss for why he was still here. Suddenly a portal of of light opened:

> Well this is odd, I swear we unit tested everything, you really shouldn't still be here.

Said what appeared to be a bespectacled angel, thumbing through a small console.

> Who are you! Why am I here! Just end my suffering, please.

Adam replied, in a mixture of confusion, despair, and rage.

> Oh wow, I see what happened, a good old self-referential pointer exception. Wouldn't have expected that in such a sociable species like you anthropodes!

The angel's gleeful excitement in discovery only made Adam more upset. He wanted answers and he wanted them now, so as slowly and deliberately as he could Adam asked:

> Humanity is dead. Why am I here? Who remembers me?

The angel looked up from his console and square at Adam and answered,

> Look, I don't know how to tell you this, we just never anticipated this edge case. See when people die, we create an index of all the people that remember them, and then add and remove from it as people forget/learn/die. Once that list is empty, poof, Great Beyond. We've just never encountered what happened with you. When you died, your list was empty, and so the compiler filled it with the only person who ever remembered you. You.


It has been 15.000 years since my death.

I am still roaming the earth, haunting the living.

They say your ghost lives until everyone who knew who you were dies too.

But I have not died.

They will not let me die.

They keep saying my name.

Both sides of them.

There are those that make me look like a monster.

Those that say I was the most unholy thing to ever roam the world.

And then there are those that still worship me.

Those that still keep interwinning my name with their cause.

Those that use my name as a lever to promote their own agentas.

And lastly, there are those that know the truth.

Those that know that I was not a monster.

But not a saint either.

Those that know that I did great bad in this world.

Those that do not exaggerate my actions.

Those that do not praise my actions.

But I know that I will never stop haunting this world.

Not untill the whole of Humanity has died.

And then it's only a guess.

If I'm unlucky another life form might find the books.

Another life form may find another hidden room filled with my belongings.

---

Hey guys, I tried to do this mysterious and kinda poetic, while dropping hints about who the ghost was, in case you did not understand, the ghost is:

[Spoiler](#s "Adolf Hitler. Please note that I do not praise him or his actions. I am not affiliated with Neo-Nazi groups, or am a Neo-Nazi. I believe that because a person was not on the good side of history, he should not be considered taboo and be excluded from arts and writings.")

---

[A bit of explanation:](#s "The one's that worship him are the Neo-Nazis, while the ones that make him look like a monster are the one's that hate him immensely and put all of humanity's problem's on him. The third group are those that know a bit of history, and do not exagerate or dismiss things. And on the the end, by "Books" I mean history books or "Mein Kampf", and by "room with belongings" I reference the recent discovery of 75 of Hitler's personal items in Argentina.")


I think it's been 15,000 years. Or at least, somewhere around that. I'm not really sure.  I haven't left the house in a few millennia at least. There's no point. All I end up doing is scaring a few people, and death goes on.  Besides, no matter where I go, it's crowded.

The space issue gets worse in the big cities, and don't even get me started on India and most of Asia. It isn't as bad in the remote regions of the world; Antarctica was only recently populated. I'd say 4000 years ago, give or take a few decades. 

15,000 years ago, I was caught in an apartment fire. I woke up and passed out within a minute or two. It actually wasn't that bad. Just a sore throat for a bit.  The living don't know it, but there is an after life. To reach it, all you have to do is pass out of memory. 

For the big guys like the pharoahs and kings, the great philosophers and warlords, it's been even longer. The trappings of history have bound them forever.  As long as there stands a museum dedicated to them, they remain.  They make for ok company.  

I was just a normal guy from a place that used to be called Virginia.  I should have been on my way a few decades after I died. It took me a long time to figure it out, but eventually it dawned on me and all of the other millions of lost souls.  

Being able to connect with everyone around the world instantaneously is awesome when you're alive.  If you're dead, a digital you is floating around out there, remembered eternally on the almighty internet. 

Most of us have accepted it, so we patiently wait for an apocalypse. We pray for the end of all things, and curse Mark Zuckerberg.


I suppose this wasn't your typical session, but then again, I'm not your typical therapist.

I sat quietly in the chair opposite them. "So," I spoke quietly. "What are you here for?"

Their updated Ouija boards were now completely automated, scripting my words onto a screen while simultaneously repeating them aloud with its surprisingly human voice. Not only that, its intonation and inflection had a remarkable resemblance to my own while I was alive. 

"You don't recognize me?" she said, sitting there quietly. 

I sat there silently in thought, racking my brain for memories, as the bouncing dots of the ellipses covered the screen. "*Why would I know?*" I thought. "*Who is she...?*"

"Oh," she said with dejectedness, looking down to the floor before she began standing up. "Death followed by fifteen thousand years can do that to your mind."

"No, wait!" I interrupted. 

She stopped halfway out of her seat before looking at where I would have been sitting. "Please stay," I asked of her. "I'd like to know."

I could tell from her body language that she was processing the whole situation, wondering if she should stay or go. "What's your name?"

Slowly, she sat back down on the edge of her seat. "Anna," she said. "My name is Anna."

A mental *click!* went off in my head, as I watched her eyes brighten if only for a moment. "*Where do I remember that...?*" 

"We met each other, way back when," she said, looking blankly through me and into the wall behind me. "In 2017."

Suddenly, memories began flowing through a trickle at a time, before what she said next broke the wall that opened up the flood.

"You...uh, we...there was a car accident..."

She couldn't continue, as she felt her voice break. Anna sniffled, and wiped away a tear from her eye, embarrassed to let me see.

"And, uh, that's when doctors learned I could never die." 

I nodded, the memories hitting me harder than I expected them to, although I quickly remembered she couldn't see me. "So that's why we're still here," I said behind sniffles of my own.

She nodded, dabbing her nose with a tissue. "Yeah," she replied.

We sat in silence, the howling wind outside the window the only sound in this eerily quiet home. 

After all these years, we were finally together. So close, yet so far.


I spent my entire life believing, "Heaven was a place called Earth." I wish I would have been right.... 15,000 years and nothing has changed. Well, for me anyways. Many people have come and gone, I have learned countless stories from trillions, yet, I still remain. An ironic punishment of sorts I could say, I did so much to preserve humanity it was only fitting I would be here to help others understand their lives. There were others like me, some had been around for as long as myself, others longer, but for the majority you got 100-200 years maybe. 

A light started to flash next to me as I focused back out on my surroundings. "Time to go to work," I yawned stretching my back. The faded shells of people moved all around me as I floated down from my perch. The fountains water did not touch me, just flowed through my body. Before me a man began to gain color from his faded self. Many other faded persons gathered around him attempting to help, but like the trillions I had seen before, he was beyond help. 

"Stay back!" He yelled at those surrounding him, waving his arms about as he stood up. I gave a little chuckle as I flowed the rest of the way down. "They cannot hear you anymore," I spoke, placing my hand on his shoulder. Angry, he lashed back, as per usual, pulling away as if to run. As the reality of things set in, he turned back to me dumb founded. His eyes shifted past me to the faded fountain I had come to call home. "Where am I?" He whispered as I flowed my way next to him. 'Welcome to purgatory," I spoke, "Or at least that's what I like to call it, I've never really been sure."  He continued to look completely lost, like so many before him. That expression never changes, even with time. "So I'm de...." "Dead," I spoke, cutting him off. "You have left the bounds of mortality indeed" 

I let him sit just staring at the fountain as faded shadows pasted around us. I had all the time in the world for all I knew, and after waiting so long I was no longer impatient. I looked over the person before me as I had done many times before. A simple man in comparison to my last 'visitor'. A plain set of clothes uncommon, yet standard for the time. Comfortable clothes were always the best way to go, especially if you didn't know how long you would have to wait. Advance medical watch and ear pieces paired with what I could only imagine where bionics.  He also seemed to have been lucky, he clutched a cube I knew had to be a new form of a satchel. He would have some familiar objects to toy with while he waited. 

I gave a smile as I realized his watch was a version of mine from his time. I always knew it to be a good brand, too bad it held little meaning here aside as a friendly reminder to his own time. I opened my satchel, and removed my journal. I flipped open to my marked page and turned to a blank sheet. Trillions of notes taken, yet I still would find a new sheet when I would come to the end. A glorious perk of being here I suppose, yet, when I was gone who would read this. I continued to wait for what seemed like eons, until finally he turned towards me. "Yes?" I spoke knowing he was finally ready. "It's you isn't it?" He asked, turning back to the fountain once again. "Yes, I replied, it's been quite a while." 

He bent down to look at the fountain's plate, faded in the twilight the numbers 1994 - 2037 could be seen. He sat back up and moved his hand across his watch. June 17, 17048 flashed in front of him before blinking back down. A confused look passed over his face once again, "How does this all work?" "Well," I spoke, "It's a bit complicated; however, as I have learned from my time here you can still use anything that was on your person when you passed over." "So," he spoke softly, "I can send a message to my family?" I laughed a little, "I'm afraid not, although that is always the first question it seems." "You can try to send one if you want, but they will only get a form of interference, in my time you could cause a phone call with no one on the other end to come through; however, I do not think your technology works that way anymore." 

He began to look over me more closely now. My hiking shoes, jeans, and button down shirt was something out of a history book to him in comparison to his jumpsuit. Technology had always had a way in making things less unique in a sense. He then focused around us at the shadows we stood by. He reached out in curiosity as the shadow closed her arms feeling a chill. "Are they..." "Alive?" I spoke, "Yes, you are still on Earth, just in a different form of existence." He let out a long sigh before turning to face me once again, "So what do we do now?" "I gave a smile as I touched his shoulder, "We help those that pass understand this and wait." "Wait for what?" He said, looking once again confused as before. "Well, I don't really know, but in time you will learned." "Come," I motioned towards the road ahead of us. "Let's go and find your passed friends and family, I am sure they have missed you." He turned with me and began to walk. "If you don't mind me asking," He questioned, "Can you tell me about your life while we look." "You're the single most important person in history." I patted his back as we continued down the road, "Of course, ..." "Daniel," he said excited. "Of course Daniel," I smiled, "where would you like me to begin." 

Behind us the shadows continued to walk along with the occasional few stopping to admire the fountain. Some throwing objects into the water, others bowing there heads in respect. One knelt down and cleaned off the name plate, smiling as he worked. The golden name etched forever in history. T. Ten, The Great Archivist, Savior of all Records.


15,000 years is a long time. It's certainly much longer than most of my kind are capable of thinking in. Today, most of them say that it is the year "2017 AD." I, however, can remember people who said it was "747 AVC." I could remember even farther back to a time and place when it was said to be "the 37th year of the reign of Sargon" and further beyond that to the very fist time a woman etched "Year 1" into a rock to track the history of her farming village. That barely even scratched the surface. 



It had been 15,000 years since a boar's tusk had pierced my shoulder while trying to catch one for the farm on the river bank. 15,000 years since the festering infection had claimed my body and my life. 14,800 years since the absolute most generous estimates should've sent me on from this world. I was still here. 



Ghosts are tethered to the living. When the last person who remembers you dies, you finally vanish. In my day this meant a particularly legendary figure might last 7 generations. An exceptionally old person might last 4-5. More recent people like Alexander the Great had lasted thousands of years thanks to the invention of written history
So far as I knew, the last person to know me alive must have died on that little farm on the banks of the Eruk, well most people called it the "Tigris" these days. 


In the last 15,000 years I'd done a lot. Ghosts don't have the superpowers people imagine us with. We're basically just humans that fluctuate in and out of visibility and corporeality. So I can walk through walls, but I've gotta walk like anyone else. No flying, no apparating, no possessing the living, just walking. That's fine by me, you can sneak on to most forms of transit when you're invisible. I remember walking westward, following the sun to see where it landed after my Great-great niece died. I ended up in the luscious and green Sahara with a much better understanding of science than anyone else would develop for a few thousand years. I haven't really stopped walking since and am proud to say that I think I've covered the entire Earth, twice for most places



I hadn't been visible in about 1200 years. Too many religions started that way. I switch over to tangibility all the time though to do little guardian angel type things from fishing someone's keys out of the pool and onto their towel to pulling the firing pin out of a soldier's gun for an innocent family. Little things, sometimes big consequences. My whole afterlife chnaged while doing the latter. 


I had recently made the trek home to Eruk, or Mesopotamia, or Iraq, or whatever it's called these days. It was the biggest shitshow I'd seen there since the Mongols. I pulled the firing pin out of a ISIS militant's gun while he was looking down the barrel at a Yazidi woman. The distraction was just long enough for a government soldier to take a shot at the militant. I almost didn't look, but when I did, I saw the soldier's face. He wasn't Arab, his facial features were too broad, his hair too tightly curled, and his skin too dark. He looked like me... 


I quickly became visible, standing strange and anachronistic in my animal skin kilt with an apparent wound in my shoulder. My unevenly chopped hair cropped close to my skull and a short and curly beard was similar cut around my jaw. A tattoo adorned my right shoulder, a family symbol of a sort. I saw the recognition in his eyes and the fear of one who has seen a ghost. The soldier's gun fell, but he didnt seem to notice as his  hand clutched his own right shoulder. 


I knew at that moment, that soldier knew me. He was from Eruk. He was 15,000 years old, and for some reason he was still alive.


I'd always feared death. The idea that, one day, life would just- just end? Terrifying in a way I still can't comprehend. It had always been a hidden fear, one that stuck only in the back of my mind, drowned in the happiness of childhood. Until, at age 9, when I watched my Dad fade away in his hospital bed. I watched the light drain from his eyes, and suddenly that hidden fear had no felt so real. 

By the time I reached secondary school, I was pouring myself into studying aging, death, any avenue that might alleviate my long time fear. I was scrawny, pale and antisocial, but that was how much this fear drove me, this burning desire to be more, to last longer, to truly matter in the scale of the universe.

No one understood. Not the counsellor, not the teachers and not my mother. At first, my fear burnt away the loneliness, but it slowly built itself back up, another anxiety weighing on my soul.

Then I met her. Karen. The love of my life, the only one who shared my fear. I'd seen her at a lecture I was attending, and it was like seeing myself in another life. The look in her eyes, the desperate fear that came from deep within. The same look that stared at me from every mirror.

We were happy together. We spent countless weeks seeking immortality in the field of science. By the time we were old, we were losing hope that the world would yield the secret we both longed for. Karen decided to stay the course, adamant that science held the answer. Meanwhile, I turned to the arcane.

At first the search seemed futile, with every hack promising the power I sought, but soon enough my diligence caught the attention of the right people. A cult, who possessed the knowledge, but not the means. The Necronomicon, the tome of maddness that no mortal could read. The cultists claimed that one who had enough willpower could navigate the book through sheer determination. 

My fear allowed me to browse the book at my leisure. I quickly found what I wanted, the ritual that would grant immortality. Yet, as I read the infernal words, my heart sank. The ritual required a sacrifice, it had to consume that which you loved most.

I showed the book to my wife, fearing what she might ask of me. Yet she took my hands, tears in her eyes, and told me that eternal life was not worth my life. We cried together, accepting that we had failed in our quest. Life would take us both. And, for once in my life, that didn't so bad.

Yet I awoke next morning to an empty bed. Karen was nowhere to be found. I searched the house, the lab, anywhere she might have gone. Finally, I heard her crying from the basement. I rushed down the stairs, only to find her crumpled and crying on the floor, clutching my dead body, my cold hands still clutching the dagger that pierced my heart.

----------------------------

So, ummm I actually couldn't think of a good way to finish this. I mean the current 'ending' is alright but it's only loosely connected to the actual prompt as it is. I felt that I needed to write this afterword to aknowledge that. Wrote this on mobile btw so there are probs typos.


Jesus huh, your name means nothing, only one name matters to me and that's my daughter, Mary. But you sullied that name, you spread her name with  ill repute because she rejected you, you told everyone she was a whore...now it's your turn to suffer.
Every piece of gold I have and that is not insignificant in its measure, every treasure I possess is going into your eternal punishment.
You took peace from her in life so now I will take it from you in death. 
I have enlisted scholars with knowledge over man that cannot be ignored, they are writing a book that will never be forgotten and that book will contain your name on every page.
You will never be forgotten, your spirit will wander this earth alone for all eternity and for all eternity you will suffer.
My Mary Magdalene, my beautiful world, she took her life because of your poisoned words so now it will be my words that condemn you forever.


When I breathed, war was Hell.

Now, Hell is history. Quotations are fetters, memorials are a crushing weight keeping me from heaven.

And "Never forget" is the curse the living lay upon the dead. Every name read, every bell tolled, the torment of the unquiet spirits. A bundle of flowers, the most beautiful nail keeping my coffin closed.

It is why necromancers so easily find ones who only want to destroy the living. We want to be forgotten, to know the sweet breeze of oblivion and release- and if you are all dead, who will there be to remember us?

I would tell you my name, but it would only prolong the suffering.


It was just a stupid video. Something I did for fun to test out my new webcam. I wasn't looking for attention in anyway, and didn't really think much when I uploaded it to the web. In fact, at the time there wasn't much around that let you save your videos and I didn't have an external backup drive so I simply uploaded it to the internet for safe-keeping. But this was before things could go viral, or so I naively assumed.

Now I'm a 15,000 year-old ghost and still as much of an internet sensation. But the internet has greatly evolved and my little video has gained immeasurable attention. You see, around 14,000+ years ago, they started blasting essences of pop culture into outer space in hopes of reaching out to alien civilizations. In a stroke of luck, one such civilization picked up the signal (which included my silly video) and began sharing it to all other known races across the universe.

Now, I'm more famous than any Earthly historical figure. All by chance. Now I'm screwed. 

All I wanted was to dance to the Numa Numa song....


Oh, you're new here, fresh off the press. Literally, what a gruesome way to die you had. But that's all in the past now, that body is nothing but meat now so stop associating yourself with it, and listen to me, your guide to the afterlife, one who has been here longer than anyone else.

Let me explain how it works. You see, you're a ghost now, just like me. A ghost is an observer, left to watch over people who cared about them. As soon as your legacy vanishes- you disappear. 

The first century is the most difficult. Humans rarely know their family tree beyond third or fourth generation, so a typical ghost exists for around 70 years, usually the longer they lived the longer they are remembered. 

I met many of them in my early years, but at some point they start to get boring. Thousands of years pass, yet peasants have the same stories, the same problems, the same vendettas. I still randomly visit a couple per decade, but that usually makes for pretty dull experiences, although there was a memorable one recently. 

She was a very weak ghost, an ophran girl who died at 15. Most people around her forgot her a week after her funeral, with the sole exception being a boy who had a crush on her. She clinged to him like a burdrock seed for a couple months, but one day he saw another pretty girl- and just like that, she went poof in a cloud of smoke. Her face then is impossible to forget, but unfortunately ghost memories don't count. Oh, sorry, got a bit carried away.

So, what happens past a hundred or so? No, let's rephrase it a bit. What is different about these who persist past that? The answer is, they are the ones who leave their name in history, not just in close people's minds. However minor that contribution is- down to shoemakers and tavern owners whose buisnesses stand and carry their names and heritage throught centuries, even if only a few people keep them up. These are wonky, as soon as buisness closes their days are numbered, but they still outlive your normal folk who gets born, live a quiet life and just die. 

A step above that are truely historical figures, like I am. Kings, religious leaders, breakthrough scientists, famous artists, legendary warriors, these are the ghosts that simply can't disappear at this point, though that only got solidified very recently with widespread, globalised education, for which I thank your generation and a dozen before that. For thousands of years I feared that one day it'd just end.

Just five centuries ago there were Aztecs, for example, their settlements were absolutely sprawling with ghosts because of how they preserved their history- right until they got wiped out by spainards. The educated top was eradicated, and suddenly most of ghosts were gone, the rest disappeared as soon as the last of uneducated enslaved bottom died. A shame, really, lost lots of great folks there.

By the way, your prospects don't look promising, but that's not something you can change now. I'd advice you to not go to your family right now, it'll be heartbreaking, wait a couple years. Meanwhile, go meet people and visit places you couldn't even think about meeting while alive, like your grandpa who died before you were born, or the insides of pyramids. Don't even try to get to Jesus, he has a century-long line now, and frankly you'll be disappointed, same applies to most popular personalities out there. And don't try to influence anything in the world, that won't work. So, on this note, I think I shall leave, you'll get a hang of the rest yourself. Have fun!


I was young when it all happened. A thief in the night had claimed my life and my blood had been spilled onto the ground. I remembered all of the steps after when my body was bitten and drained of all blood and just torn asunder like I was just some sack of meat to be had. It all happened right after I had seen Simon- the vampire I had grown to love in my town. 

I got to explore so many places like he had without any needs to avoid the sun or to crave anything. I met with many figures I had studied in my schooling days and became friends with quite a few. I had seen change happen over the course of time- time I lost track of rather quickly. To me, I finally got the change of a lifetime to see the world that Simon described to me through his tales of the Earth we both shared. I finally understood why he encouraged me to explore and am thankful he did.

Time crawled onward and I could see from the sidelines how countries rose and fell. Things certainly were not going to be like 2017 anymore and it was bittersweet to see that. My family that I had eventually passed away and I could wave them goodbye as they all were able to be free from the shackles of this realm. I encouraged their leaving and also waited for my turn. In due time, I knew I would have my time to leave too. 

But it never came. 

In fact, 15,000 years had passed and I still remained here. I got to see the same figures I had met like Miss Anne Frank, Marie Laveau, Theodore Roosevelt, and even Edgar Allan Poe when he wanted to show up. They all wondered who could have possibly been alive to keep me here as I would sit with them and think long and hard about who could possibly have been alive to remember me to this day. I talked to each and every one of them about how I had died as they all did ask, and described the night before I had died. 

Each felt warm and had softened at the tale of how Simon and I had walked around town under the full moon and danced around the clocktower that was in the middle of my town. I was clumsy and could not dance well while I was alive, but he had been patient with me and hummed soft music while leading me through a waltz under the stars. It was one of the best nights in my life despite what happened afterwards. Because I felt so loved and cared for during those last moments, and I knew Simon could relate. When escorting me home, he kept me close and safe before letting me go with a kiss on the hand and a proposition to return the next night. 

I agreed and we left each other's company- a fatal mistake it would be for me. 

Then it hit me like a bat to the head, perhaps unneeded to travel home for a change and investigate there. So I said goodbyes to the individuals I had grown to know during my afterlife and traveled back to my hometown that held the clocktower in the middle. To my delight, the clocktower had still been there despite the many changes in the town that I had seen. It felt so foreign to me, but I shook the memories I had off and traveled to the clocktower where Simon was hopefully living. 

How I had not understood that it was most likely Simon keeping me here, I did not know. Perhaps it was because I did not gain any intelligence after the afterlife to think that a vampire still kept me in his memory? It did not matter much now as I went to the switch that was by the clocktower and turned it before entering the door into a grande estate and began calling for the vampire I remembered so well, "Simon! Simon!" I wandered the familiar halls in hopes he could hear me. Since vampires were technically not alive either, they should be able to hear me, right?

So I traveled from the guest and mater bedroom to find a portrait of me had been made in his room. I could not help but grow a saddened smile as my suspicions were correct. After investigating the greenery room, I made my way into the library and heard the familiar humming as I peeked up and called out to the keeper of this estate again, "Simon! Simon, are you here??" 

I could see the familiar man with darkened hair and slender body as he looked my way and stopped dead in his tracks when cleaning. He looked like he had seen a ghost, and he was right to appear that way as I could not help myself and ran to him, trying to hug him but not gaining any success as his voice cracked slightly with the shock and excitement he felt, "Soleil! How are you even here?! Shouldn't you be prancing around heaven or something like that, young lady!? Do you realize how much time has passed??" 

I could not help but laugh when hearing the change in Simon's voice as I smiled happily at him and responded with a serene tone, "I already am Simon. Also, I do realize how much time has passed. I keep track of it since I cannot leave here. It has been 15,000 years since it all ended and began." At those words, I could see Simon's excitement and expression drop at the mentioning of how long it truly had been and thought to himself before bowing his head and nodding slowly. 

"Yes... It truly has been that long, hasn't it Soleil? I want to apologize to you. For not figuring out what would happen and not trying to save you from that horrible fate. I wished with all of my might that he could have left you be or perhaps spare you long enough for me to let you join me in a different manner than as a spirit." I could tell this topic was a sore spot and I gently reached out to him. Even though he could not feel my touch, he understood the gesture and looked up to me again with an apologetic look in his eyes before I responded.

"Simon, instead of sulking here like a little bat, let's try to make the best of this and stay in each other's lives once more? We both technically have achieved immortality in a sense. Let's make the best of our time before you eventually go?" A smile slowly grew on Simon's face as he nodded his head and responded with the softest of voices,

"Yes. Let's do that this time, Soleil."


Sitting in the sand, I glanced out at my likeness. Standing in the desert as it has for many an eon. People walk around past me, not knowing I'm there. Taking pictures of me, taking selfies in front of me. So I am still here, watching all of this take place. 

People remember me. Yet they do not know my name. They know my image, as it was carved into the landscape so long before their time. I watched others build monuments around my edifice. These stone pyramids came and stand tall around me. 

Still I sit. 

It was so long ago that I was left here, alone. 

Yet, at one point, those people, those humans, they altered me. 

And she sits here next to me, because they put her face on my body. I look up at her, she looks down at me. 

Then we look back at the monument. Being rebuilt before us. We know that we will be here so much longer than the loved ones who have who came after us. So much longer than the many millions of people who continue to gaze upon us, sitting there  in stone...

In the Egyptian desert, on the edge of Cairo. 

I'm quite happy I can't feel the heat.


*Same old shift. Same old jokes.*

Frank looked out over the bar, his eyes focusing on nothing in particular, barely registering the buzz of chatter between patrons. His hand twisted rhythmically, aimlessly rubbing a towel over the rim of a glass that had been dry for ten minutes.

The sound of the small brass bell above the doorway snapped Frank out of his trance. He glanced up, hoping – just for a split second – for someone new.

*Oh*, thought Frank, *the horse. Of course. Of course.*

“Evening, Frank. I’ll take a pint,” the horse announced, finishing his sentence with an over-exaggerated sigh. Frank only nodded, saying nothing in response. In an almost zen-like state he pulled the horse’s drink, refusing to engage, eyes fixed on the rising head that pooled over the amber liquid. Without a word, he slid the pint over to the horse, his lips screwed tightly together, his hands pressed so firmly against the bar his knuckles were turning white.

The horse looked at Frank expectantly. A single bead of cold sweat trickled down his face and dripped quietly into his beer. He cleared his throat purposefully, but Frank refused to take the bait. Furtive whispers began to swirl around the bar. *Frank’s not saying it! How can he not say it?*

“Frank?” hissed the horse, shifting uncomfortably in his velour-capped barstool. “Don’t you, um, have anything  to – you know, to say?”

All eyes were on Frank. The room became enveloped by an expectant, judgemental silence.

“No.”

Under his breath, Frank uttered a single word. The patrons gasped audibly, and the horse’s face cracked into an expression of pure disbelief, his mouth falling agape. Frank was visibly trembling, his heart racing as years and years of bad punchlines echoed in his head. *Put it on my bill! Should I have said DiMaggio? For you, no charge!* It was too much. The frustrations were finally bubbling to the surface.

**“I won’t say it!”** he bellowed. **“I won’t! I can’t indulge you people anymore! Night after night, I just want to run a business, but you’re making a – a – a joke out of my bar! Out of me! Oh look, the priest, the rabbi and the minister – yeah, sure, I can count on three holy men to keep this place afloat, right? Nobody drinks like holy men! Why do you even come here?”**

“But the blood of Christ –“ interjected the priest before he was shushed a baseball-loving dog.

**“And you!”** Frank now pointed accusingly at the gorilla, who was sheepishly frozen mid-sip, a Manhattan raised to his lips. **“No, we don’t get many gorillas in here – why would we? – but tell you what, if you don’t like my prices, you can leave! Good luck finding another bar that serves your kind!”**

“That’s a little racist,” the rabbi muttered to the minister, who nodded sagely in agreement.

**“And the blonde! The blonde! Is it legal for me to serve a woman with such a low IQ? Please, tell me – just for my own peace of mind – tell me there’s some medical reason why I shouldn’t get so frustrated with you. Do the redhead and the brunette actually hang out with you out of choice? Or were they appointed to you?”**

“She sounds awful!” cried out the blonde supportively. The redhead and the brunette covered their faces in sheer exasperation.

**“And the twelve inch pianist – I don’t care. I just don’t care! You want a big dick? Speak. More. Clearly!”**

“Oh,” quacked the duck excitedly from his seat in the booth, “*Now* I get it!”

At this point Frank could barely form words and, in the absence of insults, his anger turned to sadness, and his eyes began to sting with tears. Overwhelmed by emotion, he collapsed on the bar and sobbed loudly and awkwardly, a man broken by one too many puns. The patrons grimaced collectively, each waiting nervously for someone, *anyone*, to do something to cut through the tension. The brunette gestured to the horse, who was still sat only a foot away from Frank, having experienced the whole rant at point blank range. Wincing, the horse leaned over the bar, clumsily patting Frank’s shoulder with a hoof.

“Frank,” said the horse, trying his best to sound soothing, “Why the long face?”


When the group of loud blond women had walked in and claimed a booth, Greg had idly thought it was probably time for a bachelorette party or a girls' night out.

When a group of religious leaders had strolled through and gathered at the bar, he had wondered—a little more actively—if he had ever actually seen any such persons in his bar before. If he had, he couldn't remember. He served their drinks and continued to clean and straighten his surroundings, talking to his usual patrons.

When a group of plaid-clad individuals walked in talking about their individual theories on science and math and other things Greg didn't really understand, he started to get a little bit suspicious. A frown settled itself into the lines of his face and tugged downward at his mouth. He cleaned a little more rigidly.

It was when the horse walked in that Greg got pissed.

"So, I guess I'm supposed to ask, 'Why the long face now?' Is that right?" Greg screamed at the horse. He threw his towel down and put his hands on his hips.

The hum of the bar abruptly stopped.

"Um, son, horses can't talk," the Rabbi in the corner told him gently.

The group of blond women murmured in agreement and the scientists all nodded enthusiastically. 

"That said," one scientist spoke up, "it is quite dangerous to be in a bar with a horse. Shall we go?"

The people all gathered their things and left, emptying the bar but for Greg and the horse.

"Well, that sucks," Greg said.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sad about it," the horse whispered.

-------

If you enjoyed this nonsensical story, check out more nonsense as well as details about my new novella over at /r/AlexLoganWriting!


"Whiskey. The bottle."

The horse asks, sliding himself up onto a stool. His tux has seen better days, the tie apparently lost some way along his journey here, the top of his shirt open exposing his chest. Was one of them missing? If it were, it'd match his cufflinks, also absent from his dishevelled ensemble. I slide over a bottle, middle of the range, and he passes over a fifty.

"Keep the change."

"That's very kind, thank you."

I go back to working the glass washer, taking out the humid cleans and beginning to pile in the stack of dirties our bar-back passes over before the Horse walked in. He's opened the bottle, and pours himself a few a measures over a double before screwing the lid back on raising his glass for a long, bitter drink.

"Can't believe I used to live here." He says, an open invitation to start a conversation. His tip means I respond as earnestly as possible.

"Oh yeah? The apartments upstairs?"

"Yeah. Long time ago now." He takes another drink.

I let that hang for a while, wondering if he was the monologuing kind, until the silence nears on rude.

"What made you leave?"

He chuckles.

"Believe it or not, a band. We use to play gigs here right up until we got our first tour and then... Never needed to come back."

"You look like the front man type."

His head turns sharp toward me and cocks.

"Should be careful about saying that. Front men can be all kinds of terrible."

"Ah." My hands raise in apology. "No offense intented."

"None taken. You're right, though, I was. The front man and all kinds of terrible."

The end of sentence is addressed mostly into his glass in a spiteful mutter as he goes for another gulp. He raises it high, tapping it for every last drop, and pours another.

"But it all started here. Me, the seal, elephant, the octopus - damn good drummer he is... was, I guess now."

"Sorry to hear that."

His mouth is full, so he waved his hand at me. 'No apologies necessary'.

"We weren't that close. I went solo a few years back, creative differences is what the media called it. Real reason? I liked my coke more than I liked my band."

He's laughing - and so am I, but neither of us found that funny. I'm sure.

"So what made you come back here?"

"I don't know. Relive the glory days, go back to where it started, before I became such a raging asshole. Hey, you ever been on a plane?"

"What like, a passenger?"

"Yeah sure just, taken a flight - anywhere, over seas, domestic it doesn't matter."

"Yeah. Tonnes of times."

"Any of 'em ever crashed?"

I linger at the washer for a second, and glance back up at him to see if I can figure out just how that was meant to come across. He's looking right at me, interested.

"...no, none."

"Of course not. Planes are safer than cars, y'know, statistically."

He tells me that whilst watching his pour. This ones a few measures more over a double, and I wander what the purpose in him even having the glass is.

"You're more likely to die in a car than a plane, more likely by a long shot. You know what the numbers are?"

"No."

He slumps.

"Me neither. But they're low, right? So keep that in mind. Now what do you think the chances are that three people you know would all be killed in a plane crash?"


For the first time I notice he has tears behind his eyes, lingering there, none managing to break free. 

"I don't... I don't know how to answer that."

"Sure you do, come on you're a bartender."

"I serve drinks, I'm not a therapist."

A booming laugh comes out as he throws his head back, and he wiped the tears from his eyes as if it was that that had caused them.

"Y'know the guy who tended on my private jet - when I could afford one of those, he said to me serving the right drinks is only half the job."

"What was the other half?"

"Oh, come on now!" His glass juts toward me as the hand clutching it goes to point, he's smiling again. "Asking the right questions!"

"Okay." I'm getting close to my tether with the Horse and cast an eye over his bottle, half empty. He's a quick drinker, sure, but from behind the bar he doesn't seem quick enough. "What're the right questions?"

"Well, you've already missed them."

He sounds smug, *irritatingly smug*, and I can't back down.

"Enlighten me."

This was the right answer, he swivels on his seat to turn his whole body toward me, imposing with how large he is, and leans in close.

"Well a horse walks into your bar in a tuxedo he's been wearing for two days, he's had five hours sleep in those forty eight hours, and lost his cufflinks in the cab ride over here - a cab that, recognising the horse from an anniversary cover of NME, charged him double. The only friends he ever had are lying in a morgue somewhere in Paris and the bartender didn't even recognise him when there's a poster of him on the fucking wall."

I follow his eyes, that have foregone the tears in favour of a piercing, unblinking intensity. 'The Animals', a large poster hanging above the bar for an rock band I've never paid much attention to. The horse on the poster is younger, healthier, playing behind a microphone with an elephant to his left, a seal to his right, and an octopus on the drums.

"Now, you tell me. What d'you ask that horse?"

"Why the long face." I say dumbfounded, as he gets up from his chair carrying the bottle with him.

"You're welcome for the tip."

He's out the door before the sound of the jukebox fades back in, and I'm taken back to reality.


I sat in my car as the engine died. Enjoying my last moment before starting my shift. Taking a deep breath, I got out and headed to the bar. As I reached the entrance, the door opened and one of our regulars walked out. "Already had your fill today, O'Connor?" I said to him.

He mumbled something and stumbled down the street. He'd probably be back soon. With that Scottish friend of his. I went in and got ready for my shift. Murray was relieved to see me. It was finally time for him to go home. "You will never guess what happened today," he said as I went behind the counter.

"I probably can," I said. At this point, what surprised me most was that things still surprised him.

"A bear came in today," he said, expecting me to react.

"Did you tell him that bar moved to Hudson's Avenue?" I asked.

"Not that kind of bear. An actual bear. A grizzly bear. It actually walked up to the bar and ordered. It took a long time, it waited about five minutes between every word, but it actually spoke."

I've served the bear a few times. It was at the point where I would hear someone scream in fear and I'd get the bear's usual drink ready. "Alright, you just head home and rest," I told Murray. "I'll handle it from here." He left, still traumatized by serving a bear. He looked on in horror as a horse came in as he was leaving. He looked over to me, silently asking if I was seeing it too. I just waved him goodbye. Somehow he was still shocked by all this. To me it was just the daily grind.

The day went on as normal. The usual clientele and the usual conversations. People discussing religion. People ordering drinks for inanimate objects. Animals ordering drinks. People talking about their sexual exploits. A group of strings came in, but I quickly threw them out. They forgot their lifetime ban.

Finally it was time for last call. The people finished their drinks and headed out. I cleaned up and check the tip jar. A priest, a rabbi, twelve blondes, five blacks, three types of scientists, an entire barnyard of animals, and Jesus Christ walked into a bar, and not one of them tipped. "Is this some kind of joke?" I said in disgust.


Sean yawned and pulled into Cliche’s parking lot. The last two nights he’d pulled doubles to cover for Elyse, but now he couldn’t shake the phantom 20 pound dumbbells tied to his arms. Another day another dollar, he thought, pressing through the front door.

“Hey Sean. ‘Notha double tonight?” David asked, looking away from the Red Sox game on the far wall flat screen.

“Hey Dave. Yeah. You got a Red Bull for me under there?” Sean said pulling up a stool. It was 4 p.m., an hour before his shift, and the bar was empty, save for the three priests sitting and their bottle of wine at the corner table.

Dave cracked the can and said, “Here ya go kid. Drink up. You’re gonna need your wings tonight. Thursday nights are big. If you smile real nice for the people they’ll throw a bunch of green paper at ya.” A cynical smile curled at the corners of Dave’s mouth.

“Is that how that works? I thought I just had to show ‘em my freemason membership card.”

Dave turned back around. “Bullshit. You got a mason card?”

“Oh yeah,” Sean leaned to his left and reached for his pocket. “Check this out.” He pulled up a middle finger and chuckled.

Dave smirked and he door squealed open. Sean and Dave were greeted with the the sounds of hooves. Their owner, a 7 foot horse, pulled up to the bar a few feet from Sean.

Dave smiled, and leaned into the bar. “Hey bud, why the long face?”

The horse shook its mane out. “My wife just left with the kids.” Sean and Dave bore witness to the horse’s pause.

Sean started to speak. “I’m–”

“She took ‘em to the in laws for the weekend. I’m free.” The horse’s laugh was immense and the gravity pulled both Dave and Sean in. “A bourbon neat, thanks.”

Dave found a glass beneath the lip of the bar, wiped it out, and grabbed the Makers Mark off the wall. 1, 2, 3, 4. “That’ll be five.” Dave said, sliding the drink to his long-faced friend.


The duck came in. It was interesting these days. Often it was the same lines, but unless they got new material they usually only did the bit once or twice. It was really no worse than dealing with a friend who liked puns. 
“Ya got any grapes?” The duck asked. 
He thought for a few moments. It was like a riddle, you had to figure out what the right response was to get to the punchline. Didn’t seem like much this one. “No, we don’t.”  
The duck left. 
The horse came in.
Ah, this one he knew. 
“Why the long face?” He asked with a smile. 
“Because I’m a horse. This is just my face.” 
The smile wavered slightly but didn’t disappear. Joke or not, it was still a customer, and they got their service either way. 
“Hey, Rabbi!” He called. “Any idea what the duck’s line is?”
The rabbi thought for a moment. “All I know is that everybody likes chicken.”
He pursed his lips. Was that a reference? Anyway. 
Two men came in with lunchboxes. He smiled again. “Lemme guess... swap lunches?” 
They looked at him. “Yea, guess so.”
Something was off. 
The next day, nobody came in with their punch lines. Only the duck asked for grapes. 
Same with the day after. 
The next day, he was aggravated. His customers weren’t telling their jokes. He didn’t like seeing them so upset. And for some reason the duck aggravated him. He threatened the duck accidentally. 
The next day, he decided to mention it. He waited quietly until all his customers -except the duck- were in. 
“Guys! What’s wrong?” He asked. “Why are you guys so down...?” He resisted the temptation to ask why the long face. 
“Oi,” the rabbi said. “We’re tired of being made fun of. We may be jokes, but we don’t appreciate being made fun of.”
The variety of characters nodded or made their respective sounds in agreement. 
“Guys!” The bartender said again. “I get it. Nobody likes being teased. That’s fine. But you guys are what make people smile! Even when you have a hard day, the right joke can make you happy! Isn’t that worth it?”
Before they could respond he continued. 
“I would always smile because whenever one of you said something I knew it would make me laugh! It was the best part of the job.”
They all looked at him unimpressed, but slightly regretful. 
Regretful like he was, for threatening the duck. 
Speaking of which, the duck walked back in. 
“Ya got any-“
“What did I tell you yesterday?”
“That you’d nail my beak down if I asked for grapes again?”
“Exactly. So don’t.” Dang it. It happened again. Before he could apologize the duck asked:
“Ya got any nails?”
He paused. “No..?”
“Well then, ya got any grapes?”
He stopped. Blank. *That* was the punchline. 
The whole bar roared into laughter. It was a solid 3 minutes before any of them stopped long enough to explain. 
“You see, we knew how much you enjoyed the
jokes.” One said
“So we got together and planned a way for you to really be a part of one.” Said another. 
“It’s been so long since we got a good laugh out of something.” One more continued, wiping a gleeful tear away. 
The bartender was stunned. 
He smiled and started laughing. It was endearing. 
Then the chicken walked in. 
Everyone kind of looked at him curiously. 
To him, it didn’t matter. The customers pulled the most elaborate joke on him yet. They included him fully this time. They embraced their jobs. 
Then the chicken spoke. 

“Know why I crossed that road?”


As I arrived, the usuals sat at the bar, sipping their water downed whiskey and watching an old playoff game hoping for a different ending never to come. I topped off whiskey, rum and cokes, and opened a couple more beers. To be honest, I wasn't in a great mood, but I thought he day was looking up when a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walked into the place, unusual but not unheard of. My urge to say something witty had to be buried deep down. They ordered their drinks, martinis. When they finished their drinks, they left me a generous tip and left never to return. Then, things started to get weird.  

A rabbi, a priest, and an another person walked in and ordered beers. As I slid their brews down to them, I knew had to say something. 

"You an atheist?" I said to the odd man out. 

"No! A retired pastor, jerk." 

They all stormed out of there. No tip for me either. Fair enough, I guess. 

Then, the impossible happened. A horse walked into the bar. It didn't say a word, but I had to say it. I had to. 

"Why the long face?" 

It made me chuckle when I noticed that it wore a saddle and reins. An officer barged into the bar, red in the face. Grabbing the horse by the reins, he apologized and stepped back outside. 

Then, things got really weird. Something I had never seen before came in. 

"What the hell are you?" I asked. 

"A neutron." 

"Alright, what'll you have?" 

"A screwdriver." 

I made it and set in front of this thing. 

"What do I owe you?" It asked. 

I stared at it dumbstruck. "Umm, that'll be..."

"No charge?" 

"No, $6.50." 

Then, it got weirder I tell you. Another man walked into the bar and asked one question to a woman, beautiful and blonde. 

"So, do I come here often?" 

This woman stared at him. 

"Dad? How did you get out of the nursing home?" 

She grabbed him and looked right at me as they left: "Alzheimer's." 

As my shift ended and the bar cleared out, one more person showed up. He walked in, and I immediately said "We don't serve your kind in here?" 

And he looked back at me and said the strangest thing: "How did you know I was a time traveler?" 

"Umm...your hair." 

Truth be told, I didn't. I was tired of all the BS. Honest. 

I closed up early that night. 

***

If you enjoyed this story, please subscribe to r/nickkuvaas for more stories.


Years I've been working at this damn joint now. Why? Hell if I know. I think I used to, but that was a long time ago. Probably forgot sometime between the 380th and 452nd time that stupid horse came in here.

I've seen it all. People from every nationality, holy men from every religion... Pavlov every now and then. Always leaves every time the damn door opens without paying for his drinks. I really oughta get rid of the ringer, see what he does then.

Today we're fairly empty, which I'm thankful for. I still get paid, and I don't have to deal with those idiots who always run right into a metal pole for the thousandth time. Turns out the human body can take a lot more concussions than one would think. I'd ask one of my regular doctors about it, but he's not here today. The only two patrons are some nerdy lookin' guys in one corner, wearing white lab coats and glasses. Chemists, judging by their conversation. All things considered, nothing too bad. Better than that damn horse at any rate.

One of them chuckles a bit at what his companion just said, and what appears to be a cloud of subatomic particles enters the bar. The man finishes laughing and responds, "All right, that was pretty good, but listen to this one. So, a gun-type fission weapon walks into a bar..."

Wait, I think. Wait wait wait wait wait. Unfortunately, I've heard this one before, and I'm not a huge fan of the punch line. I open my mouth to interrupt the man, but before I can make a sound that damned bell rings.

Shit.


Something wasn’t right.

“Dave?” 

“What is it?” came the reply from the cellar

“There’s no-one in the bar.”

“What?”

“I SAID THERE’S NO ONE HERE!”

Dave popped his head up from the cellar.  His unique combination of mad-scientist grey hair and male-pattern baldness made him look like a low-end jack-in-the-box.  He looked at John for a moment.

“What is it?”

“Well,” Dave said, “If there’s nobody in the bar, then I can just go home and leave it in your hands, can’t I?”

“Ah, come on Dave.”

“No, come on, John.  You owe me.  I got them T in the Park tickets for you, didn’t I?”

“Fuck sake, Dave.”

Dave clambered out of the cellar and shut the hatch.  “Kegs are all done, anyway, so all you have to do is stand here and serve an empty bar for a couple of hours.  I’m sure you can handle it, eh?”

John sighed.  “See you tomorrow, you lazy bastard.”

“That’s the spirit!”  Dave gave him a hearty slap on the back and wandered off into the night, swinging his coat and whistling some country and western rubbish.  John watched the door creak closed, and tried to imagine how the time would pass, all by himself with nothing but empty seats for company.  He might even get away with closing early if no one came in by eleven.  He took a glass off the shelf and started to pour himself a coke, when the door opened.  

“Brr, bloody baltic out there tonight, isn’t it, mate?” the man said as he approached the bar.  

“Aye, but I wouldn’t know.” said John.  “What’ll it be?”

“Ehh..”  The man started scanning all the taps and bottles and glasses behind the bar.  John hated it when punters did this.  Next he’d ask some stupid question.  “What’s good on draught?”

“Tennants.”

“All right.  Pint of tennants, then!”  he seemed annoyingly cheerful, John thought, thinking longingly of the thought he’d had earlier about closing early.  John took a pint glass and started filling it.  

The man looked at John and gave a smile.  John nodded curtly in reply.  The man continued making eye contact, as John continued to pour the lager.  He topped off the head, without looking up.  “That’ll be three-fifty, mate.”  John said, pushing the glass over the bar.

“Quiet in tonight, isn’t it?”  The man said, reaching into his pocket and jingling the change around as if shaking it would cause the correct amount to shift to the top.  He slid the coins over.

“Aye,”  John sighed.  “It is.”

“Want to know something?”

“What?”  John asked, not actually asking for an answer to the question, but rather asking for clarification as to what the question meant.

“See yesterday, I went into a pet shop, and there’s this ferret in the window, for sale.”

“Is there?”  John asked, raising an eyebrow and taking a sip of his coke.  He leaned back and folded his arms.  

“Here, no need to get sarky mate, just wanted to tell you a funny story.”

“Right, go on then.”

“OK, so I ask the woman why it’s so expensive, and she says,”

“How much was it?”  

“It was for sale for two thousand pounds.  Oh I didn’t mention that, sorry, got a bit sidetracked there.”

“My arse.”  John said  “Nobody’s going to pay two thousand pounds for a ferret.  What, does it cook and clean the house and give the best blowjob in the world?”

Just then, the door opened and a horse’s head poked in.

“Jesus, Mary and Joseph!”  the man exclaimed.  “It’s a horse!”

John grabbed a broom from behind the bar and approached the horse with great trepidation.  John stopped.  He turned to the man,  “What should I do?  Should I just push it out?”

The horse stayed still, eyeing John with it’s head and neck inside the pub.  

“Maybe you should offer it a drink?”  the man said.

“Don’t be stupid!  How’s it going to hold the glass?”

The horse blew a puff out it’s nostrils.  John waved the broom at it, and it started reversing out the door.  

“Go on, shoo!”  John said,  “Get out of here with your big face, you stupid animal.  As if I’ve not got enough problems already.”

“Here, that’s not very nice!”  came a voice from behind the horse, and another man came strolling into the pub, followed by a lion.  John jumped back and sheltered behind the bar.

“Is that a lion?!”  John asked

“No, mate.  It’s a giraffe.”  the owner of the lion looked at the other patron and, while gesturing at John, gave him the universal signal for “Who’s this idiot?”

“Well,”  John said, “You can’t bring it in here!  Get out!”

“Ah, come on.  Samson’s a good lion.  He’s not going to be any trouble, I promise you.”

“No way,”  John said.  “You’re barred!  On your way!”

“Who’s barred?” asked the head of a group of lawyers staggering in the door.  Three of them, already completely ratarsed and having to hold each other up.  “You know, I was just talking to a man the other day, he was in prison, and…  hic!  Is that a lion?”

“Aye,” the lion’s owner said, as he shuffled out the door, “but apparently that’s enough to get you chucked out.”

“What did your lion do?” the middle lawyer asked.

“Here,” John addressed the group, “It doesn’t matter what it did, you can’t have a lion in a pub!  It’s a safety thing.  Bad enough I’ve got a horse outside trying to get in, and now this guy comes strolling in with a lion!”

“Is that your horse outside, sir?”  John knew that voice.  PC Billy Murdoch.  As if the night couldn’t get any worse.  All six-foot-four of the bobby came gliding into the pub, writing everything down in his little notebook.  “Somebody’s going to have to move it, and I’d like to know why it’s standing on four bricks.  John, is the owner of the horse and the owner of the establishment in tonight?”

“Sorry, Billy, it’s just me in tonight and I’ve no idea who owns the horse.”  

The man with the lion made a sharp exit, as PC Murdoch turned to address John, but was interrupted at the door by the entrance of a naked blonde woman holding a poodle under one arm and a two-foot salami under the other.  

“Oh, excuse me,” she said, “It’s a bit nippy outside tonight, isn’t it?”

“You’re right enough there, doll.” said Samson, as he brushed past her chest and into the night with his companion.

“Oh my God!”  John said, as the woman appoached the bar.  The man at the bar coughed into his pint, PC Murdoch froze, and the three lawyers fell over.  She laid the salami on the bar, but before she could say a word, the ceiling caved in and a priest tumbled onto the floor, followed by a buddhist monk and a rabbi.  The whole bar were speechless at the spectacle.  The priest raised his head, and saw that he’d fallen into a pub.  

“Well,” the priest said, “I can only assume the Lord intended us to drink, considering where we landed.”

The rabbi and the monk sniggered, while John had kittens.  

“What have you lot done?!  You’ve smashed through the bloody ceiling!  How am I supposed to explain this?!  Jesus fuck!”

“Less of that language,” said Jesus, poking his head down through the hole in the celing.  “And see if you can’t get us all a glass of water.  That ceiling insulation is awful dusty.  Judas got a lungful and he won’t stop complaining.”

“What are you doing in the ceiling?!”  PC Murdoch demanded

“We’re changing the insulation.  We actually hired three other guys to do it but they never showed up.  A Polish guy, a German and a Chinese guy.  The Polish guy got held up at a lighting job, the German guy slipped in the shower, and no one knows where the Chinese guy is.”

John noticed a crouching Chinese man peering in through the window, but since he couldn’t be sure it was the same guy they were talking about, he didn’t say anything.  Then John saw the rabble approaching.  

This group had clearly been booted out of a more reputable establishment and were about to decend, much like the celing had done moments before, upon John’s pub.  In they came, the doctors, nurses and scientists from the medical school, followed by a vet who had brought two parrots and a dog with him.  Behind them came a blind man, a deaf man, and a mute, a mime, three clowns, another priest, a dwarf, a psychiatrist and a gypsy.  John took a moment to bask in the chaos that the pub had become, when the drunkest man he had ever laid eyes on came bursting in the door, holding a bridle in one hand over his head.

“Here!”  He bellowed, “Some prick’s stolen my fucking horse!”

One of the disciples piped up, “Looks like someone’s stolen your dignity and all, mate.  Your cock’s out.”

“Right!”  PC Murdoch grabbed the man under the arm and escorted him swiftly out of the pub, to a standing ovation.  

John felt a hand on his shoulder, and turned to see Bill Murray standing beside him.

“You know,”  Bill said,  “No-one’s going to believe you tomorrow.”


Today is my 66th anniversary at this bar. 

I remember when I got my first patron, back in 1952. I don’t exactly remember what he said or looked like, but I remember the day. 

I remember the first time I noticed the bar accustoming strange collections of people. That day, a horse walked into the bar. “Why the long face,” I remember saying. The Horse didn’t find it very funny, but the table of Priests were laughing like there was no tomorrow.

My first math joke was pretty funny compared to other ones I received. A man walks into a bar and says, “I want ten times more to drink than everyone else in the bar” “Now that, is an order of magnitude,” I reply, stifling a chuckle. I had to stifle it. Any variation to the joke might ruin it.

I remember my first anti-joke. It was a surprisingly dull evening, no horses, no Ministers, no Chemists. A man walked into a bar that day, and asked for a drink. That’s all he did. It was most likely my most normal customer.

Then came my first anti-anti-joke. It was a very strange night. A horse walked into the bar, and asked for a pint. Instead of the normal, “Why the long face?” I asked, I must have gotten mixed up because I said, “We don’t serve food in here.” The horse fell through the floor, because it was made of construction paper.

I remember all of these major events in the bar as I sob on the bar, being empathetically pat on the back by a duck’s soft wing and a horse’s hard hoof. I broke into sobs. “My entire life is a joke!”


“That fucking horse is back again. Once was bad enough, bringing down the vibe of the joint, taking up at least three seats...the clean up, but seriously the health inspector was really clear that it’s a serious violation. Fuck you Carl, stupid ass manager bitch.
To be honest, the horse doesn’t annoy me nearly as much as The Diversity Friends, sitting there all self righteous and shit. “OH WEEEEE don’t care about our backgrounds or theological ideals! Why? Do YOU!?” I swear to fuck that trio would make you feel all forms of terrorism feel justified just to shut them up. “What do you have that’s kosher, halal and vegetarian this Friday night?”
A brick good sir, this fucking brick.
The only saving grace on this shift is the cross-dressing dyslexic guy because at least he’s good for a few laughs since we had to fire James C.
Poor guy was let go for giving away free drinks to sub-atomic particles shouting “For you, no charge!” I’ve yet to visit him at the facility, his prognosis ain’t too good.
Anyway I can’t sit here all night chatting I’ve too much work to do and there’s too many people walking in that door. I can’t wait to be the first one to walk OUT of the bar. See you later”

The Irishman turns to the Scotsman and says “Did he take our order?”


As usual, I begin my evening by prepping.  I’ve got to put the clean nozzles onto the taps, slice the lemons, etc…  It’s not a difficult job and so I enjoy the routine before the rush.

Before I’ve really hit my groove, however, a customer walks in.  I must have left the door unlocked or something because I’m not quite open, but I figure what the hell.

“Good evening welcome to the Ming!  How can I help you?”

“Well…” the man looks around for a moment seeming a little confused before saying “Honestly I thought this was a Thai massage parlor.”

“Yeah” I reply, “we get that a lot. My wife Chana runs her business above mine so we have the same address.  She’s not in right now but you’re welcome to wait.”

“Sure I can do that.” The man says as he takes a seat at the bar.  “Just give me whatever you have on tap.”

As I fix the man a pint two of my regulars arrive.  It’s a bit early for them.  I finish heading the stein, slide it to my customer and excuse myself to rush to the back.  Normally I’d have already finished prepping.

As I rush out of the back, the guy at the bar is watching me rush towards the two new customers’ table.  I get there just as they are sitting down.  When I return to the bar he immediately asks me what that was all about.

“Well” I say, breathing a bit hard, “the guy on the left is named Past, the guy on the right is named Future.  Future waits for no man and without his present it’s just too tense.”

The man opens his mouth, then closes it, gives a small chuckle and takes a drink.  I shrug and go back to my prep work.

I hear the door bell tinkle and look over my should to see… nobody.  I’m about to turn back to my work when the guy waiting for his massage starts freaking out.  I turn around to see him climbing on top of my bar.

“Hey! What the hell are you doing!?” I shout.

“There’s a snake climbing up the chair next to me!” the man yells in a shaky voice.

I lean over the bar and sure enough there is a large snake curling up on the stool next to the one my customer was seated in.

“Goddamnit Jerry I told you not to come back here!”  I yell.  I walk around the bar, grab the snake and toss him back out the front door.
As I return to the bar my customer, just now returning to his seat, asks: “Uh… you talked to that snake like you knew him and he could understand you.”

“Oh yeah, Jerry understands me just fine.” I reply as I go back behind the bar.

The customer thinks for a moment and I can tell he has something on his mind so I pause and wait for it.  “So… why did you throw him out?”

“Are you kidding?” I scoff, “no snake can hold their liquor.”

We stare at each other for a moment but as it drags out I just shrug and return to my prep work.

Meanwhile another customer has entered and seated himself next to the first.  After a few minutes I hear the guy with the beer trying to start up a conversation.  He tries several different introductions, but none of them work.  I glance over my shoulder and notice who it is.  I start fixing his usual drink and a fresh pint for the guy waiting on the massage.   All the while the first guy keeps trying different things to get my regular to talk to him.

“Bud…” I sigh as I turn and place the two drinks on the bar “that’s one of my regulars.  His name is Helium and he doesn’t react at all.”

I turn back to my work and after a few moments the guy waiting for the massage giggles a little before tucking into the new pint.

The door bell tinkles again.  I turn around and set a bowl of peanuts down between Helium and the guy waiting for a massage and get a good look at who just came in.  It’s three letters, a C, an e and a G.  The C and the G are dressed in tuxedos but the e is just flat.

“Sorry,” I say to the e, “it’s illegal for me to serve minors.”  He leaves and the C and G sit at the bar.  The bowl of peanuts says to the two “You both look sharp tonight.”  I set an open fifth between the two sharps.

The guy waiting for the massage, trying not to laugh into his beer, asks “Did… did the peanuts just talk?”

“Yeah.” I reply, “They’re always complementary.”

The guy loses it mid-pull on his beer and some of it splashes on his shirt.  He rushes out to his car to grab a fresh one and when he comes back in he asks me why the parking lot is full of delivery vehicles.

“Well” says I, “all of my regulars are jokes.”

“Ok…” says the man “but why are they all driving delivery vehicles.”

“Don’t you know.” I reply.  “The most important part of every joke’s delivery is the Thai Ming.”


A bitter night, and little custom. A dive this far out of the way is quiet at the best of times, and these were some of the worst. It's late, and the few drinkers still with drinking to do pay no mind to the whip of chill wind occasioned by the entrance of a long standing patron of ours. Snowflakes settle about the doormat as he makes his way, teeth chattering, to the bar.

-- The usual, Rick?

I begin to pour without waiting for affirmation, to allow his marrow time to reach room temperature. He is an unusually reserved and expressionless figure of a man, thin, and although nobody is certain of his age, compared to most of us he is ancient. Despite his apparent unfriendliness, clientele in a place like this see something of him within themselves, and accord him due respect.

I place his beer on the mat in front of him and he, hardly acknowledging me, allows some coins to rattle from his fingers onto the bar. In no mood for small talk either, I scoop them up and deposit them into the till. Before long his glass is drained, and he gestures towards me:

-- I'll take the mop now.


"Ow!" said the man, as he walked through the doorway.

I looked up from the imaginary stain I was scrubbing and saw a guy in a business casual outfit rubbing his forehead. My shift started less than an hour ago but already looked like it'd be a pretty slow evening. I still held out hope the after work crowd would come in. If not for drinks, than at least to watch wrestling on one of the TVs situated around the bar.

"Oh, sorry!" I said, as the guy sat at the bar. I poured him a Scotch on the house for his troubles. The way he looked told me he had a rough day and hitting his head probably didn't help matters much. "We're doing some repairs to the main doorway and the carpenters left that exposed bar there. Some teenagers ran off with the warning sign, earlier."


I knew it would be a long night when I woke up the earlier afternoon. My bong breaking the shattering of the glass was what woke me up. Man I don't know if it's me or if it's this job but I am tired of life I thought to myself as I pulled pants over my hips. I threw on my shoes and a shirt and walked downtown stairs into the joke lounge. This bar is shit I thought as I passed through it everyone here always gets to have such a good time and I'm stuck cleaning and feeding into the jokes. Then a man walked in with a dab rig and said its time to trade places. Now the dude running the bar won't stop handing out dabs for puns and I'm out front asking for memes


"Say, is it true? Is this THE bar?"

I looked up from the puddle of various beverage I was wiping off the countertop. In front of me was a new face, eyes gleaming. "The what?" I replied wearily.

"THE bar. You know from all those jokes. Heard crazy stuff happens here."

Great, another fan... My job was hard enough as it is, but now that the rumour has spread, I had to deal with people like him 2 or 3 times a weak. They all wanna see THE bar. They wanna see THE horse with a long face, THE rabbi, priest and reverend. Bartending is half mixing drinks and half dealing with drunkard's bullshit, no one said anything about working a darn tourist attraction.

Before I could answer, Timothy walked out of his living space we built him at one end of the bar, walked to his piano and started playing. New Face was ecstatic.

"I knew. There he is. The twelve inch pianist. In the flesh. Man this is awesome." 

"Look... just leave Tim alone please. Let him play his piano."

"Ah come one, man. You really think I came all the way to THE bar just to watch?"

"You people really think you can just come in this bar and treat my clients like a freakshow don't you?"

I probably said that last sentence a tad too sternly. New Face was looking a tad uncomfortable suddenly. 

I pointed to the empty barstool in front of me. "Sit. I'll tell you all about what really happens in THE bar."

"Alright, first off, let's start with Tim. Yes, Tim is the twelve inch pianist, and someday some asshole with a half deaf genie left him in this bar. He lives here now. Where else can he live? It's not like he can drive, take the metro or even just go to school. So he live in the little house me and a few others built him, and plays the piano, because that's what that stupid genie created him for. Poor guy didn't ask to be born like this."

"And before you ask: the blonde, the brunette and the redhead come every friday or so. Catherine, that's the blonde, was on her way to get her business administration degree when a drunk driver ran her over. Massive brain damage. So yeah, now she's dumb as a rock, and I get to see her every week when her girlfriends bring her here so she can have a nice evening out like a normal person.

Don't bother looking for the monkey who shoves stuff up his butt because someone bet he couldn't swallow a pool ball. He's dead. Colon obstruction.

Oh, and wanna know why the horse had a long face? He thought his wife was cheating on him. One day he went home and found her in bed with another man. He's serving a life sentence for second degree murder now. The lover, not the horse. So yeah, you won't be seeing him tonight either.

The twins who keep getting so drunk they forget about themselves and get so amazed when they found someone born on the same day, same town, went to the same school and all that are in a nursing room. Alzheimers.

Let's see, who else. Oh yeah, the skeleton with the mop. They got that story all wrong: he's our janitor actually, and a mean drunk. You know what he did before wiping the floor in this crappy dive bar? Movies. Jason and the Argonauts, that was him. Fame got to his head: booze, hookers, coke and all that jazz. His last role was getting shoved down a hole in a Lord of Rings film. Poor guy just wasn't made for the spotlight.

So yeah in short, this here is just another bar, with just another gaggle of clients, each with just another shitty life. Except that here, some people thought their problems were funny, and turned them into jokes. And now I gotta deal with jokers like you! who think it's gonna be so cool to see those people from those jokes, without ever stopping to wonder how life is for these poor souls."

It was at this moment that a very inebriated customer interrupted me. "Hey barkeep, your golden toilet is fucking awesome!"

"Goddamnit you senile old fart! How many times do I gotta tell you... (deep breath) It's not his fault... keep calm" Having contained my anger, I turned to the backroom and shouted to the skeleton reading a book, "Hey Jake, Harry is at it again. Yeah, he mentioned the golden toilet, so I think he pissed in your saxophone again. Real sorry. Hey, it's not my fault his family don't give two shits about him and let him wander around despite his dementia."

Next inglorious task was to phone Harry's stupid daughter. Yes, her father was off his meds again. No, I didn't serve him, he got shit-faced elsewhere. Yes, he's barred from entering, but I got a whole bar to take care of and sometimes he slips in unnoticed. Yes, I'll ask Jake to keep an eye on him while she drives to pick him up.

Surprisingly, New Face hadn't left his stool during all this. I guess my outburst had left him a little stunned.

"Hey, look sorry,... I just... I had no idea man."

"Whatever, as long as you promise to behave. Water under the bridge and all that. You want something to drink?"

"Um, yeah. Rum and coke please."

"Is Pepsi okay?"

"Sure"

New Face looked off in the distance as I poured his drink.

"Look man, I'm real sorry. I just didn't know it was that bad."

"What can I say, it's a shitty dive bar. Ain't no funny business in here."

I slid a glass of dark liquid in his direction.

"And there you go. Pepsi and Coke. That'll be 3$ 50."


"Sir? Sir, can you hear me?"

The nurse was leaning over him, watching his pupils while keeping an eye on his vitals from the read out. He might be getting old, but his wits hadn't completely abandoned him yet, so he knew he was in a hospital. How he got there, however, was a mystery.

"What happened?"

"You had a heart attack. Nothing too major, and luckily there were plenty of people around. If you're going to pass out and nearly die, doing it outside a movie theater is a good choice," she laughed quietly. He deduced from her demeanor that his life was no longer in danger.

"Ambulance?" he asked quietly. He was surprised how weak his voice sounded.

The young nurse nodded. "That's right. You'll be fine, just rest. We've contacted your family but they're a few hours north. Santa Barbara, I think they said? They should arrive this afternoon."

She adjusted a few dials and checked his IV, then she left.

The man took a deep breath. 53 years and never a single health problem. He hadn't smoked, had skipped drugs, and only had a glass of wine on special occasions. He exercised four days a week, took his vitamins and ate his vegetables. But it hadn't mattered. Here he was, climbing back from the brink of death.

He knew his health choices weren't what landed him here. It'd been his decades-long hobby. He grinned despite himself -- blaming coin collecting for a heart attack had to be a first.

On the table next to him were his belongings. His cell phone was cracked, probably from when he collapsed. Wallet was there and it looked like it hadn't been messed with. Car keys, receipt from the corner store, a ticket stub to the documentary he never made it into.

And the penny.

He picked the brown coin up off the table and was once again surprised by how shiny it was. Too glossy, too well molded. When objects are too perfect they read wrong to the brain, and to his professional eye, this coin was unlike anything he'd ever seen.

Then there was the minor detail that the face depicted was his. No doubt about it. That was his heavy brow and his broken nose, so distinctly crooked. His initials, H.H.B, were embossed underneath to remove any doubt.

Seeing his image on the coin had thrown his heart out of whack, but now that he knew what to expect he was more calm -- although he noticed the heart rate monitor was beeping faster. Still, the initial shock had been replaced by questions. *How? Why?*

"Mr. Blakely, I presume?"

The man standing in the doorway was young, probably in his twenties, wearing thick framed glasses and a beard that was simultaneously groomed and unruly. A small potbelly betrayed a sedentary lifestyle.

"I brought flowers," he said with a grin. "Told them I was your son."

"Who are you?"

The young man sat down in the chair next to the bed. There was something unusual about his clothes. You wouldn't have noticed if you weren't looking closely, but they were aggressively clean and obsessively pressed. And they glowed, ever so softly.

He glanced at the heart monitor before responding. "Are you sure you can handle another scare?"

The old man was aggravated by the concern. "Spit it out, kid."

"My name is Josh. I'm a director, and I win my first Oscar with the documentary I make about your life. About twenty years from now."

The sentence contained too many impossible implications to consider at once, so the old man focused on the biggest: "Why would anyone make a movie about me?"

"I'll admit, there's not been much of a story so far," chuckled Josh. Then he looked at his watch. "But you're ten minutes away from changing the world, and I'm going to be right next to you when you do it."

\--------------------

8/365

one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman)

\--------------------

edit: minor style points that were bugging me and correcting some atrocious spelling. every inch of me wants to rewrite a couple of the crap middle paragraphs but im restraining myself. thanks for reading

edit2: thrilled yall enjoyed this, but i have work at now & then a promising first date tonight. [so this is my response to the clamoring for a pt. 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLdBrx-ijwQ) \-- cheers


"So is this a novelty penny? Where did you get it?" She asked, thumbing the copper piece back and forth in her hand. 

"I…er…yeah. It is." Daniel didn't quite know what to tell her. When he found the penny out on the sidewalk earlier that day, he couldn't quite believe it was real - and if he couldn't, his fiancé certainly wouldn't. "It is a bit…" She glanced up at him, and raised her eyebrow. "Egotistical?" 

The penny certainly was. Daniel's face featured front and center, with a big smile reminiscent of a 60's propaganda poster. That's not what worried him, however. Enscribed in a circle around his face was the phrase: *United American Empire - 2044 - Unity through Strength.*

"Yeah, yeah…I suppose." He mumbled. She placed the penny carefully back into his palm. "Right, I'm going to run to the toilet - I'll be back in a few." She stood up, and with that, Daniel was left alone in his living room. *American Empire…Unity through Strength…*what did it all mean? Was he going to...become...somebody someday? A leader? *The kind of leader who puts himself on the penny…who changes the countries name...what, am I going to lead a coup?* He thought. *What the hell is going on?* He was sweating. This was all far too much for him to handle. He'd always been interested in politics, but he'd never…would he?

"No." He said aloud. "Absolutely not." Maybe if he was assertive, knowing and saying what he wanted, the future would change - and it would all be fine. But the penny stayed still in his palm, unchanged - his aged face still smiling up at him. "No." He repeated. He glanced up, and looked out the window. Cars whizzed by on the street in front of him. 

He clamped his fist around the penny and stood up. 

"Never."


Dear Journal,

As I’ve written to you before, I am hometown-famous for picking coins from the ground and inspecting them thoroughly. It was a childhood hobby that turned into an adult hobby. 

It started when my grandfather once told me that if I found a coin with a misprint, misspelling, or any imperfection that it would be worth a lot of money. I never found one but I enjoyed the process. 

Two days ago, I found a penny that was dated 2044. I flipped it over to find my face carved in it. I looked around with suspicion. 

What is going on? Have I watched too much Westworld? I feel like I am dreaming but I know, subjectively, this is reality. 

I plant the penny in my pocket. You know when you Google something very specific and doubt that even Google can give you results? That’s how I felt when I Googled my name followed with 2044. Many results with my name or the year but none with both together. 

While on the way home, I try to block out the world by listening loudly to LCD Soundsystem. In an anxious trance as I listen to the chorus of Us v. Them. I just want to be home and in my room. That’s my safe space. 

I walk the sidewalk quickly towards my building. Open the door. Close it behind me. Walk to the second floor. Open my door. Close my door. Turn on the light. As I turn around I hear the screams of a dozen people, “SURPRISE!!”

All of my friends are gathered in my kitchen with a huge poster of the coin with my face on it. Then Melissa says, “I bet you found one of the gag-coins we had made and strategically placed around your car door!”

I had forgotten my birthday was today. It was a nice thought but poorly executed. As I’ve written you so many times before J, I need to find new friends.


He had picked up the quirk from an old girlfriend. Her grandmother had always picked up pennies if they were face up and made sure to flip them over for someone else if they were face down. The thought of leaving some good will for a stranger if he couldn't earn it himself through a good luck penny always appealed to him and he picked up the same habit.

Running late and impatiently checking his watch for a second time in a few moments because he didn't really look the first time.

"Is this train coming or not?" he breathed out to himself while sticking a piece of nicotine gum in his mouth. A fellow passenger bumps into him and as if they were having their own individual conversations to one another, mutters, "oh, it's coming, it's coming" and wanders off towards the edge of the platform.

The traveler being jarred back to reality looks past the woman that nudged him and sees a single copper penny on top of the trash can near a support column. He heads over to it to toss the gum wrapper away and get a better look at a little luck.



He sees a very dingy and corroded penny, but the side facing him is tough to discern. "Must be a foreign currency" he says, speaking to no one in particular.

He lifts the coin up and casually inspects it to attempt to decipher which side would be 'face up'. Turning it over in his hand he sees that the reverse side is in much better shape, but he doesn't see the face as anything he has seen before on a penny, even though it has a familiar look to it.

The train is finally arriving and wanting to get a closer look at the unfamiliar coin, forgetting the bad luck he might bring by not leaving it face up for someone else, he stuffs it in his jacket's breast pocket. 


Climbing into a car on the red line, he sees the woman who had run into him asking a seated passenger a series of questions. "... you believe LeBron has been to the finals so many times in a row? What's that now, four or five? Crazy right? I can't believe there's another election coming up, feels like it was only yesterday that Trump and Clinton were facing off. Historic election indeed. Do you think he'll win again? What if he....", the traveler walks out of ear shot to find a seat, and after figuring he will be about 5 minutes late to his meeting if all goes well, pulls the penny back out of his pocket.


Flipping it over to see the face again, he notices that it is a US coin. "What the hell, 2044? Is this some kind of..." his face freezes. He brings the coin closer to his eyes. 


Most will never seen themselves cast in metal, etched in stone, or similarly enshrined. But here the man looked closely at the metallic visage of... himself. The chin, the lips, the hair, and the eyes. Those were HIS eyes. A strange sense of panic and otherworldliness overcame him for a moment before he looked around the train car and hoped to see this as some kind of prank. Feeling like there was no one else looking at him, save the lady still quizzing passengers around her with odd current event trivia, he turned his attention back to the coin. 


He reached into his pocket and seeing no signal on his phone from being so far underground, he snapped a picture of the penny and composed a message to his assistant asking him if he thought the portrait looked like him and moved it to his outbox. 


The man gently opened his wallet and placed the penny inside, looking at it again, surprised that he didn't notice just how much the face in the coin looked like him as the first thing, he tucked his wallet back in his pocket and stood up to be ready to exit the train as it slowed down for the stop.


The woman who had been running a focus group of fellow begrudging passengers stood by the doors just as the train slowed. Happy that she was picking a door further down the car to wait, the man started to go over the meeting he was going to be late for in his head.


Walking into his building and stepping into the elevator, he sees the same woman from the train walking into the lobby just as the doors close. Breathing a sigh of relief to not be stuck with her again, he tries to focus on the meeting, but his thoughts only go to the penny. Reaching into his pocket to withdraw his wallet to look at it one last time before getting to the conference room, the doors to the elevator open 15 floors before his. Looking up the traveler says, "hey, I didn't expect you to be down here, I figured you'd be upstairs waiting for me. Still, glad to see you and do you have the..." his assistant cuts him off. His face set in a look of determination and his jaw clenched. The elevator doors close and it begins to move. "I got your email."


The assistant reaches out and grasps the man around the neck with both hands. Surprised to say the least, the traveler begins fighting back and they're thrashing about the elevator. 12 floors before stopping.


He punches his assistant square in the left eye to little effect. Kicking and pulling at him doesn't seem to deter him any. 10 floors. Rushing towards the elevator door and slamming his assistant into the aluminum causes a slight loss of grip around his neck and allows the man to gasp for a small amount of additional air before going right back into the fight of his life. 6 floors.


Falling to the ground, the assistant now plants his knee squarely on the chest of his boss, expressionless until he sees the redness of the traveler's eyes, a sign that he's heading towards unconsciousness, then a slight smirk starts to appear at the corner of his lips. 2 floors.


Reaching up towards his assailant, the man tries to push his thumbs into his attacker's eyes. Even this does little to phase him, and he opens his eyes even wider. 1 floor.


Trying to twist away and get just any amount of air into his body, the man tries to push his legs against his assistant when the doors open with a ding. Hearing others scream in the background at the sight of the two men locked in combat causes the attack to slow for just a moment, giving the man a chance to grab the pen from his pocket and stab it into the hand of his attacker. He scrambles to his feet, gasping hard and coughing, trying to drink in every molecule of air that he possibly can, he dizzily stumbles towards the open door, and is tackled from behind and rolls forward towards the glass fence that encircles the upper lobby and looks over the building's atrium. Turning to look he sees his (now former, obviously) assistant pull the pen from his hand and throw it over the glass to the marble forty floors below. 


The glean in the assistant's eyes changes from anger to the calm that comes with completing a difficult task, as he charges at the man, ready to push him over the edge and send him to the same fate as the pen. 


At the moment before impact, the traveler sees the woman from the train, closing rapidly, pushing him down while getting underneath the assistant. Using his own momentum, she expertly throws the attacker up and over the glass. 


Dazed and still trying to take a normal breath, he manages to get out between coughs, "what the... who are you?"


Kneeling down, the woman leans in close and puts her hand on his shoulder, then whispers, "you're already late, and this meeting is very important."


I had always picked up pennies from the floor for good luck and I would be needing some luck right about now. Never gave them much thought or a second glance, but this time the coin felt slightly heavier as I stood back up. I examined it closer to see if I had picked up a particularly rusty nickel. No, there was no rust and it was definitely a penny, an almost impossibly new one.

*2044* it read. Why would we still be using pennies by 2044? For some reason I found that stranger than the fact I was looking back at myself grinning wide with shiny copper teeth minted on the coin. I stared at it with detached curiosity for a few seconds and flipped it over.

The Lincoln Memorial was replaced with a picture of a giant, familiar wall although this one looked like it had crumbled and resembled more the fallen Berlin Wall than the abomination at the border. More curious still.

Instead of *E Pluribus Unum*, this coin read *Quam Minimum Credula Postero.*

"Huh..." I shrugged.

I dropped the coin in my pocket. Took a deep breath, looked through my rifle's scope and took aim at the man giving a speech.


It looked exactly like me. I couldn't believe it.

I had found the coin near the dumpster behind our playground.

I usually never go there but Jake had hit the ball too hard and I was the nearest who could go there. I hadn't examine the coin closely when I picked it up as my head was too much in the game then.

I was on my bed, ready to sleep, when I remembered the coin and got it out of my jeans' pocket hanging on the wall. I liked the shape of the coin. It was thin and the border was wavy. The coin was silver except for my face. My face was coloured. I had a blue crown on my head. It was really strange. Was I a king in the future? Had someone sent this coin or maybe left it here while time travelling? But why near a dumpster? And the most important thing I realized was that the face on the coin looked exactly my age. I tried to scratch it thinking someone must have sticked my face over it but it didn't peel off.

I didn't understand what to make of it so I kept the coin on my shelf beside the other ones. All my coins were kept in a neatly organized manner based on their country, value and age. This one with my face on it was barely helpful in categorizing itself.

If I was a king in the future, then it's going to happen within a few years because of my age. But why would someone make a 14 year old a king?

This was all very confusing so I just decided to sleep. Didn't take me long. My cat was jumping up and trying to reach for the coin. I was excited about tomorrow's match because I was the team captain and so the coin totally left my mind.

I woke up to a weird smell. I felt tired but still got up and went ahead to dress up. The match was scheduled to be at 11. Some of my friends had planned to reach there at 7 to practice. While I was wearing my pants I accidently stepped on my cat's paw and quickly moved expecting a loud meow and painful scratches but nothing happened. I looked down surprised and witnessed a dead cat with blood oozing out of it's neck.

The coin lay there beside it. I was too afraid to pick it up. The face on the coin had changed. It showed a dead grey mouse.


"Today started just like any other day. I woke up, got myself ready for the day, and then went and ate some breakfast in the cafeteria." I said to Carol.

"Okay, so then what happened?" Carol replied.

She seems more cold today than usual. Less cheery maybe but who knows I could be reading into too much.

"Well after breakfast I took my morning walk through the park and you know how I am. I was looking around for any change to add to the collection and I found a particularly  shiny penny. So, I bent over to pick it up and read the date, but it said 2044 on it..." I can feel my chest get tight as I utter out the last few syllables. 

"Well that is quite strange Theodore. Was there anything else strange about the penny?"

"Well... I noticed that my face is on it. I...I..."

"What is it Theodore? You can talk to me, you know I am here to talk through anything with you."

"Well Carol. I had a flashback or a vision when I saw it. I saw myself in a suit and holding that penny in a box while shaking a man's hand for pictures. I don't know what it means, but it felt so real... like I was actually there."

"Do you have the penny now Theodore?"

I reach into my change pocket and sift through my handful of pennies, nickels, and dimes. It's not here. Where did it go?! I came straight to my session with Carol after my walk.

"I... I... don't know where it is... I had it on my walk over here." I stuttered to Carol in shame.

"Well Theodore. I don't want to upset you but do you think that maybe you just imagined that penny? Your condition is starting to develop more rapidly now and hallucinations are often one of the first late stage signs."

"It felt so real Carol. I could feel the fake copper between my fingers... the indention of my face in the coin."

I feel my chest tighten even more and my vision starts to fade to a different image. I can see a band above my eyes. I can hear the distant hum of machines, and what is this cold metal I am laying on. My vision swirls back to the room with Carol, and I feel sweat covering me. 

"We are loosing him. MAYDAY MAYDAY he is starting to breakthrough!!" Carol shouted into her lapel.

The security guard comes crashing through the door with a nurse following him. He starts to push me down in my chair. 

"What are you doing John?!" I scream as I try to struggle out of his grip. The nurse sticks my thigh and I fade away to darkness.

Oh God it's so bright in here. It feels like I have a hangover... Wait where am I? This looks like the room from before. I look over to my side. There are a ton of tubes sticking out of me whats going on?! Did I have a panic attack? \*CRASH\* the door busts open. Three people in masks walk in. 

"It's gonna be okay Theo we've got you now." The largest of the said through a skull masks.

"Who are you people? Where is Carol? Where are we?" I stammer out in fear. 

"Theo now is not the time for questions you just gotta trust us so we can get you out of here safely." The smallest of the group said in a kind voice. 

They cut the band from around my eyes and remove the enclosure around me. The larger two flip me onto a stretcher and drape a sheet over my body.

"Play dead until we are out of here if you want to live." 

A few minutes pass by and then the sheet is removed. I'm in the back of a van.

"Where the hell are we going? What is going on Goddammit?!!"

"Shh Theo, we are here to help but we aren't out of the woods yet. This place is about to go on full lock-down so we have to hurry." 

I can feel the van speeding up beneath me. \*WOOWOOWOO\* A siren blares in the background

"This is not a drill. Repeat this is not a drill. Code Orange. I repeat code orange. Everyone report to your designated check-in terminal." The man says hurriedly over the loud speakers.

I can hear the van struggling to get to speed. \*CRASH\* The van crashes into something metal. Im hurled into the wall as we turn sharply at a corner.

"Okay so are we alright now, can you tell me why I am in the back of a getaway van???"

The two sitting in the back with me remove their masks. One is a slender woman probably 5'4 or less, brunette, doe eyes. The other is a rather nerdy looking guy, short black hair, a little on the heavier side, average height. 

"Well Theo, we came to save you. What all do you remember?" The woman said with a smile and a pat on the shoulder.

"I remember being at my care facility for the past couple of years. I remember working through my problems with Carol, and I remember all of my walks in the park and time spent with the other patients. I remember my life from before I got sick. God I miss those days with my family."

"Oh Theo, this may come as shock to you but none of that is real. Carol, the walks in the park, the fellow patients, your family from before, your sickness... It's all fiction. You have been in a simulation for the past three years."  She said looking disheartened

"I... I.. What?" 

"You were the President Theo, but the Ishkas took you, put a clone in your place, and put you in a simulation."

My vision flashes back to me standing at the Lincoln memorial.  I can feel my chest starting to get tight again. My vision is swirling around the room. 

"Oh no, Kyle, we have got to remove these memory blockers now or he might get hurt."

Everything goes black. I fade away to darkness...

\~FIN\~

I would be willing to do a part 2 if anyone likes this I just don't want to make it too long.


*It was difficult to remember, but even harder to forget.* 

I ventured, as I did every Saturday morning, to Tony's Gelato shop. The summer air was warm, but a cool breeze made sure it wasn't unbearably hot. A perfect day for gelato, especially Tony's. 

As I crossed the park gates and turned a corner to where the shop was, I saw something out of the corner of my eye. A bright sheen on the ground. Curiosity getting the better of me, I slowed my stride and bent to pick it up. 

At first, I mistook it for a normal 50p piece. As I brought it closer towards me to inspect it, however, I began to notice the irregularities. For starters, it wasn't a Heptagon but rather an Octagon. Secondly, it appeared to be a £2 piece instead of 50p. But most startlingly, the face on the coin was not Her Majesty's. It was mine. 

*I tried to forget, now I try* ***not*** *to remember.* 

When did I start smelling smoke and sulphur? Was there a fire nearby? I looked to find the park no longer green and full of life, but burned to a crisp and dead. The row of houses around it were in ruins, smoke rising from their ashes. 

I looked at the coin again, starting to remember. 

*You did this. And you ran from the truth.*

I looked around at the wasteland that I had created. My eyes seemed to play tricks on me. One minute, I was looking at the park as it was; verdant and hopeful. Or was that how it is now? The next, I was looking at an image of desolation and inferno. Or was that in the past?

I had done this. And in my inability to face reality, I had created my own.  

*Behold, the works of your hand.*

Holding the coin tightly in my hand, I picked up the pace. After all, I didn't want my favourite flavour of gelato to be sold out. Tony would never forgive me if I was late! 

Was there something else Tony would never forgive me for? Pushing the thought from my head, I strolled towards the edge of the park, leaving behind the green, lush world. 

-------

If you enjoyed this story and would like to see more from me, please consider subscribing to my subreddit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/phreaklikeme/)!


The copper piece laid in my palm. It was barely a gram, if that, and yet it felt like someonehad dropped a sack of bricks into my hand. I stared, mystified at what looked to be a perfect recreation of my face, right down to the birthmark on the right side of my chin. 

“Henry? What’s wrong?” My girlfriend’s voice snapped me out of my trance. “Nothing!” I said, probably a bit too sharply. Jess doesn’t deserve that. “Sorry, just tired, I guess”, I said apologetically. Being tired is the one thing that would rationalize the sight of my face on the penny, a penny from 2044, no less. I grabbed Jess’s hand, and we walked down the street towards our favorite seafood place. 

Dinner was fine. The crab cakes were okay, I guess, but that serves me right for ordering anything other than my usual. I focused on Jess’s work story harder than I’ve ever done before- I’d like to clarify that I’m not a bad boyfriend, it’s just that you can only hear so many stories about “that bitch Cynthia from HR” before they start to blend together.” Oh well, anything to distract me from the intense mindfuck that was the apparent image of my older self, President Henry Williams. 

I dropped her off at her place, and I returned to mine, too confused for sex tonight. My mind raced, every possibility raced through my mind. A minting accident? A bad mold? No, this was too explicitly me to be a bastardization of Honest Abe. After a few hours of frenetic and fruitless googling, I fell asleep.

The next morning, I woke up and started my routine. I turn on CNN, and I see a host of panelists chiding the President’s new “E Pluribus YOUnum” initiative, where any American willing to submit a side profile could have themselves on a commemorative penny. “It’s gonna be great! This really is something special, a huge deal that you wouldn’t see those country-hating folks like Nancy and Chuck put out!” 

As the Commander-in-Cheeto continued his soundbite, I thought to myself that this was a waste of taxpayer dollars, before it hit me. That’s what it was! Some commemorative penny that looked like me, with an odd number for some reason. There’s enough people in this country where at least one looks like me. Mystery solved. I pulled the penny from my pocket and looked at it. 

Pfft. Me, being president in the future. It was ridiculous to begin with, but then again, it’s not like I’d be any worse than the guy we have now. 

—26 Years Later, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.—

My Chief of Staff, Barry Arnold, sits in front of me, holding out a set of new pennies with my face emblazoned upon them. I take my pen, and circle the third from the left, in the second row. “There, that one. It looks just like Lincoln’s, nobody will know the difference!” Barry and I share a laugh, and Sec. of State Jamal Hemmingway walks into the room. 

“Mr. President, the Venezuelans have agreed to sign the treaty. The last holdout of our Pan-American States is ready to join the union.” “Fantastic!” I reply, beaming. Two continents were now joined in a mutual pact of prosperity and global strength. Barry turns back to me. “You know, if Mognaham beat you in ‘36, this never would’ve happened. She’d have capitulated to the Chinese, and our sphere of influence would be nonexistent. We couldn’t have made these strides without you.” 

I smirk, feigning humility. “Sometimes I’d like to think that, but I know it isn’t true.” Jamal turns, and leaves the room, shutting the door behind him. “Listen, Barry, if we want to make sure this happens, we need to send this through “The Project” ASAP.” “Yes, Mr. President.” responds Barry. 

“Sure, it’ll freak him out.” I say to myself, “But once he finds this, it’ll be the start of everything.”


I'm an eternal optimist. (Emphasis on the eternal.) I mean, I've always been of the mindset that circumstances only suck as much as you let them.

Don't get me wrong--my circumstances *sucked*. But there were perks. One perk, for instance, was that I was the only person on Beale Street scouring the sidewalk for pennies. Sure, sure, my tendency to stoop and dive at even the faintest glimpse of copper earned me quite a few jostles and even more raised eyebrows. But what can I say? Pragmatism will always have its dissenters.

Then again, I couldn't blame my critics too harshly. It was 2018. No one knew the aliens were six months to landing and invading. No one knew their weakness, a species-wide allergy to copper, would inflate the penny to one million times its current worth.

Pragmatism, folks.

To be sure, there were more effective methods of gathering copper, but the type of practicality I'd spent my life training for didn't lend itself spectacularly to small details and micro efforts. I was a large-scale, macro girl. And right now, collecting pennies was keeping me sane.

It was a good hobby. There was the illusion of productivity, not to mention the time suck. For my festering psyche, both were indispensable. Plus, Sacha thought occupation was good for me, and I trusted Sacha. "Idle hands!" she would snap whenever she caught me staring at the water-stained ceiling of our dingy two-bedroom. I stared at the water-stained ceiling of our dingy two-bedroom quite a lot if I'm honest.

But Sacha's censure was reliable, and she snapped me out of my sulks. Sacha was my rock. I mean, she'd always been my right-hand woman, but she continued to ground me. Even here. Once we'd realized our trip wasn't exactly a round one, she'd even pulled a few strings to get me a part-time job. It was at one of the local diners, and it was a bacon-greased nightmare, but I couldn't blame Sacha. It was the best she could do--employers tended to take issue when their applicants 'didn't exist.' So we both made do.

And Sacha was an optimist too. Whenever I came home, all coffee-stained and murder eyes, she never failed to insist flipping pancakes and pouring cranky old men decaf was a great character builder. To use her words, my "over-inflated ego" would be "exquisitely humbled."

On these occasions, I generally told Sacha to go fuck herself. She would laugh. I would laugh. And sometimes I would start crying. Sacha always left, tight-lipped and troubled, only to return with a strawberry milkshake from the burger joint across the street. She wasn't hugger, or even much of a toucher, but she'd worked out her own means of providing comfort. I loved Sacha. And goddamn, I loved those strawberry milkshakes.

One thing I will admit this city has going for it is its milkshakes. I'd never had dairy before I came here; it just wasn't a widely available resource back home.  Cows and chemical warfare. The aliens made damn sure we didn't have the meats. Or milk or cheese or ice cream or milkshakes. Damn. I wanted a milkshake.

A dozen or so pennies in my pocket, I was actually thinking about calling it quits and snagging one on the way home. I had just about convinced myself when a faint *tinkle* alerted me to a coin skipping its way across the pavement. I had a brief glimpse of a glorious pinskirt as a pair of long, long, *mesmerizing* legs disappeared into Beale Street's human tides. *Huh*, I thought, feeling dazed and returning my attention to the penny, now hidden under the shadow of a bench. *Must have dropped it*.

Those not new to Beale Street eagerly parted the way for my crazy as I walked toward the bench. Draping myself into it, I snatched the penny off the ground, pausing a beat to check the date. (Dates *fascinated* me; they made coins feel like little time travelers; plus I needed to make sure the penny was actual copper and not a zinc-faced poser.) As I held the penny up for inspection, my mouth went dry. "Jesus, shit!" I croaked, probably surprising no one--at least no Beale Streeters acquainted with me and my hobby.

The year was 2044. And Lincoln--my buddy, my *pal*; I liked to think we had a special kind of solidarity--was curiously absent. Facing forward, eyes bursting with hope for a humanist nation under alien terror--it was *me*. 

Hands trembling, heart galloping, I struggled to keep hold of the penny as I dug through a pocket and retrieved my clunky mobile.

After two rings, Sacha answered. "*Madam President*," she said with that peculiar double-edged sarcasm that let me know she was with other people, likely coworkers. 

"Sacha, head home. Head home now. Someone else is here. Someone else *came back*." Then I jerked my head up, peering futilely into the crowd on Beale Street. "And I think--I think she might be fucking with us."


It was a night like any other. The sun was hiding behind a multitude of dark clouds that litered the ground with a torrent of rain. Once again, I was the last to leave the office. Awaiting me at home was left over thai food, a replay of yesterday's Tiger's game and the $10 umbrella I had to buy, the last time it was showering outside. 

Detroit looked like a ghost town with the normal herds avoiding the down pour. I stood at the edge of the office door, psyching myself up for this sprint to find cover. Living just a twenty minute walk away, normally provided relief. However, on this certain day I questioned why i didn't drive into work.

I finally got the tenacity to sprint to a local magazine stand that was covered by a small tarp, with a dim light proving they were still open and ready for business. It felt like an eternity, yet I survived the first leg of my run home. Skidding into the magazine stand, I knocked over a few of the magazines. Falling on the ground and finding a little of the water that seeped under the tarp. I apologized to the man on the stool.

"Let me buy those, I'm sorry sir." I said to the man. Who just remained quiet with n slight grin on his face. I pulled out a twenty dollar bill and handed it over.

"You happen to have an umbrella for sale in here?" I asked the man. 

He just shook his head no and proceeded to hand me the change for the magazines. It felt eerie so I tried to grab the change quickly to get out of there. With my hands soaking wet, the loose change spilled onto the ground. I was about to just leave it for the next patron, when something inside me made me lunge at the pennies that fell.

"You never know Nick, there could be an interesting penny for your collection." I thought to myself. I bent down to to grab the three pennies, two quarters and one nickel. I was about to put them directly in my pocket in preparation for my long run home with my GQ and Mens Health umbrellas. But I took a quick glance at what treasures may await me.

The first penny said 2002, the second penny read 2014, the third penny said 2016. Nothing special and I've now cost myself an extra 60 seconds in this odd magazine stand. 

Resuming my quest to get home, something still struck me as odd. Now, standing directly in the middle of the torrential down pour, under the one street light still glowing. I pulled the coins back out of my pocket. With  my thumb I wiped away the rain drops and realized that the penny from 2014, was infact a penny from 2044. Was this a misprinted penny? This could be worth a ton of money. That's not it though, as I studied the penny closer, it wasn't Lincoln on the front, it was me.

I looked back to the magazine shop, where I received this penny. It was gone. 

My heart started beating faster and I couldn't understand what I was looking at. Was this a prank pulled by someone. Did the man from the stand know me and make this himself? What was going on?

The next day i awoke in the hospital. I couldn't tell where I was at first. Trying to piece it all together, I was still dumbfounded. Assuming that it was all a dream, I sat up. Immediately the nurse rushed in. I asked her what happened. She started to tell me that I was in the middle of the street, in a rain storm, and someone hit me with their car. She told me that the man who hit me was by my side the entire night, but left for work in the morning. She described the man and it sounded just like the man at the magazine stand. 

Maybe it wasn't all a dream, I looked into my pockets but there was no coins. 

I recovered and went back to work a few weeks later. The magazine stand was there so I rushed over to it, to see the guy who had stayed by my side while in the hospital. It was a different guy. When I asked him who else works at this stand, he replied, "I'm the only one who's ever worked this stand." 

So who was that guy I saw on the stormy night? What happened to the penny that had my picture on it? 

I guess we'll have to wait 26 more years to see what it all meant.


How was it possible? Was someone playing a trick? I couldn't figure it out. Of course, I couldn't let anyone else see how perplexed I was. I pocketed the coin and kept walking towards my business meeting. New York, always bustling, the perfect place for a man like me. 


I get there early, and as I'm waiting for the others to show up, I pull out the coin and study it. Incredible. A flash from my phone distracts me, and I check it. Sure enough, more garbage news about the President and the current administration. Jesus, when will this country learn!?! We need a leader we can trust... and then, a thought begins to form in my head. I think of the coin, the mess my country is in. I wonder if... My thoughts are cut off by someone entering the room. "Good to see you Michael", I say, before firmly shaking his hand. Then, "How Michael... order a press conference. The 15th, let's say. Nothing to do with our meeting today with Mr. Vekelberg, something seperate." My lawyer replies "Sure thing Mr. Trump. Ah, and here comes our new business partner."



*Later that day*


"Did he take the bait?" A man says in Russian with a commanding, yet charismatic voice, asks over the phone. "Yes my friend, he reacted exactly as our agents thought he would", replies Mr. Vekelberg, holding up a coin identical to the one Mr. Trump found earlier that day. "Good. Keep me updated with written reports. And remember, keep him happy. Much Trudeau's lands are plentiful with resources we must have, but we'll never get them so long as the Americans give them protection." Mr. Vekelberg smiles. Russia would soon be much, much bigger.


I thought I would be prepared, the same way an electrician would know to change his own lightbulbs. After all, I had turned this from a hobby into... a profession of sorts. And that's not even counting the space of 50 years, that yawning gap of time since Dad left. That's a long time for memories to dull, for emotions to temper.

In truth, the tears still flowed freely and uncontrollably. Dad looked just like how I had always remembered him. 

"Are you... Martin?" he said. There was a wild panic seizing him, and for a second I worried he would drop the groceries right there on the porch. "Jesus, you... look just like my boy. What the hell is happening... I just... everything is different..."

I refrained from hugging him, and instead guided him to the hall, made him take a seat. I clasped his hands in mine, and marvelled at how real they felt. 

"Thank you for trying, Prunae," I said, using the formal honorific they preferred. "But I'm alright, I really am."

"What are you talking about? Where's your mother? Is she still-"

"Please, you're doing more harm than good at this point. I would like you to leave, please."

Dad started to protest again, but he evidently thought twice, then grimaced. With a sigh, he snapped his fingers, and the glamour began to fall away, the same way a candle's armour of wax yields to the wick's flame. 

I had never witnessed this before. Not directly, like this, not even after I've helped more than two hundred families try to locate their missing family members. It had started as a way to cope, a mere distraction, a single person's efforts to help others track their family down, when law enforcement could assist no further. 

And that's when I started to encounter the Prunae. 

It's hard to say with certainty what they are. I have neither the training to scientifically classify them, nor the ambition to. The closest analog I found in my research were 'tree spirits', free-form entities, capricious, unpredictable, but ultimately benign. They shied away from humans most of the time, but when the opportunity presented itself, they would appear, seek to befriend humans in need. 

Some clients had hired me to make sure that their returning loved ones were real, not con men poised to inherit. Others simply wanted me to help them come to terms with it, an independent third party to reinforce their beliefs. After all, the Prunae were always careful that their existences were not revealed to the larger population. 

What remained of Dad now was like... a mass of fireflies, dimmer, but still emitting a cool luminance that reminded me of dying embers.

"You sure you'll be OK, Martin?" it said, directly into my mind. 

"I will be," I said. "I've had some time to learn to grow and to do well without him. I have a family of my own now." 

"Would you like to know what happened to him?" 

"No," I said quickly, lest my determination flee me. There was a vacuum still in me, the space which Dad used to occupy, filled with questions never to be answered. But I was ok with that now. I was older, a little wiser. "I'm fine. Things will be fine, as they always have been."

The Prunae smiled, then faded before my eyes. It swirled up into the ceiling like the smoke of memories, rising in twirling ribbons. 

I sat there for a while longer. Then, I picked up the phone, spoke to Anna first, then called my children, one after the other. I didn't want to alarm them, but I did want to hear from them. 

I thought too about how those client of mine who saw the Prunae never lived long after that. They left this world in different ways, some violently, most peacefully. For a while I had worried that the Prunae were malevolent, hostile harbingers of death, here to tease and torment before it all ended. 

Now though, after an encounter of my own, it seemed far more likely that they were merely here to help tie off loose ends, as it were. 

"Thank you," I said, to the empty hall. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny


I couldn’t understand why he was smiling. I watched as my father looked around almost uncertainly before setting the jug of milk on the counter. There was no apology in his smile. There was only the same warmth I remembered as a boy when he watched me score a goal in soccer. Nonetheless it did nothing to diffuse the rage rumbling inside of me. 
  “What are you doing here?” I snapped. My father’s smile falters for a moment. 
  “This is my house, son. I guess I don’t understand the question.” He rubbed the black stubble on his chin. 
  “No,” I practically launched myself up from the kitchen table. “This is my house! I inherited it almost 25 years ago when Mom died. Remember her? The woman you left?” 
The calm never left his gaze as he picked the milk back up and placed it inside the refrigerator. 
“You’re a piece of shit,” I snarled. “How dare you show your face here?” I watched him and the confusion finally set in. Not a single gray hair was on his head. No wrinkles. In fact, he was wearing the exact same red flannel shirt I last saw him in. My father leaned up against the wall. A calendar grazed the top of his head. 
   Normally an even-tempered man myself, I was becoming crushed under the heat of volcanic disdain. I charged my father and slammed my fists into his chest. 
  “Do you have any idea what you’ve done to me? What you’ve done to Mom? She was never the same after you left! I was never the same! I looked up to you! I hate you!” I pounded his chest. “I hate you! I hate you!” 
Amidst my incoherent screaming I suddenly froze. The massive bear arms of my father wrapped around me. 
  “Oh, son. Will you forgive me?” 
   I couldn’t breathe. The weight of hate filled years melted away under the even heavier weight of my farther’s arms. 
  “Yes,” my own whisper woke me. I opened my tear blurred eyes. I blinked away the dream and saw the inside of my father’s house.


I was all like, where've you been? And he said that as he was leaving the grocery a time portal opened up, and deposited him at this exact moment. 
"Well at least you brought the milk." I said. 
"Of course son, I'd never forget the milk."
Then, as if in a moment frozen in time, we both looked down at the carton and realized with horror what had happened.
"Aw dang it!" he cried. "The milk's expired!"


My dad left me when I was six, it's always been a controversial topic to bring up, it made other people uncomfortable, but mostly me, whenever I spoke to psychologists or therapists, it always had to be mentioned. I'm fifty-six now, and it still kills me to think about it, but I have a family of my own, with two kids, who are about to be late for school.

"Kids! The bus is coming soon! Do you have your lunch ready?" I yelled to them from two floors below.

All of a sudden I hear the metallic clinging of a key-chain, and the mechanics of a door handle being unlocked. My heart skips a beat as I try to make sense of who on earth could be coming through that door right now, but whatever it was, I would have never imagined it would be what was standing right in front of me.

"Gah! Sorry about that, the traffic this time of day is unbelievable.", he said nonchalantly "I got the milk though!"

I stared at him, dumbfounded, I couldn't feel the rest of my body, I felt as if I were about to collapse.

"D-d-dad?" I stutter.

"Oh crap! You're right, I forgot the eggs! I'll be right back!"

---

He reaches for the handle, while I stare blankly. I snap myself out of my trance, and trying to hold back the strange sensation of wanting to puke, yet wanting to scream, I force the door closed before he can even see outside.

"Oh don't worry! I'll be quick! The roads tend to be a lot calmer in the morning."

With my hand still pressed against the door, I glare straight into his eyes, this time with fury, and a little bit of confusion. He looks back as if completely ignoring my obvious anger. I knew I had to choose the right words, to convince a man who's clearly gone mad, that he is in no right to act so calm.

"Dad..." I sigh, "What, time, is it?"

I say the words slowly, and condescendingly, regardless of the fact that I knew perfectly well he'd understand. He shakes a silver, analog watch out of the sleeve of his jacket, I recognized it, we had a picture of us handing it to him as a Christmas gift eons ago, it was definitely an old model, but by no means was it in bad condition, it looked brand new. I immediately wanted to slap him for the response I knew he was about to blurt out.

"Seven forty-three, why?"

He didn't understand.

We were in a staring contest now, except he lost it minutes ago, he continued to blink, watching me, as if he were concerned for my mental state, I was only infuriated by his. My eyes were starting to ache because I haven't closed them since he walked in, but I made no notice of it, I couldn't.

"Bye dad!" they sang harmoniously as they rushed through the door on their way to the bus. We stepped aside to let them by, I ignored them, and closed the door again, disregarding the fact that they made no mention of their grandfather who was now impatiently trying to grab my attention by tilting his head.

"Are you feeling alright?" he said preoccupied.

"Am I feeling alright?!" I finally let out in a shout, he got startled. His eyes widened, his eyebrows turned into mountains on his forehead, and he leaped back an inch. "You realize you left me for fifty years?! Exactly fifty years! Fifty years ago today! And you have the balls to ask me if I'm feeling alright?! After you show up on my doorstep with a carton of milk?!"

"If you wanted whole milk, I can go grab another, really it's not a big deal."

I ignore him, and continue to stare, I feel like my brain is about to explode, I can't keep up with my thoughts.

"I can't tell if you're joking or not... The tone of your voice makes me think something's wrong, you know I was here just this morning right? Are you having a mental breakdown? Do you need a doctor?"

I'm reluctant to even respond to him any more. He shakes out his watch again.

"This. You don't remember it? You gave it to me a few nights ago, I never left you, you're living your own life now, your mom and I came here to visit you for Christmas."

I start to tear up, he really has gone insane hasn't he? I hastily grab the phone from out of my pocket, I needed some way to prove to him he's wrong, that he's gone out of his mind. I turn it on, and see a text from 'Dad'. "Should be home soon, traffic is bad." it read.

I'm the crazy one.

-------
Bit of a stretch at the end there, but it was suggested that I try to continue the story, and since I already had a few ideas in mind, I thought I'd give it a go, and I think it came together much better than I expected. Feedback is always wonderful! I hope you enjoyed!


Received Messages from Dad.


Thursday 16th Nov 2017 4:04pm  
We've run out of milk, I've gone to get some more from the shop. Love Dad.


Thursday 16th Nov 2017 4:30pm  
The shop was sold out of milk, I'm trying the other store. Love Dad.


Thursday 16th Nov 2017 5:02pm  
The other shop was sold out too, the guy told me they didn't get a delivery this morning. I'm going to head to the deliver centre now. I need my god damn coffee. Say hi to mom for me. Love Dad.


Thursday 16th Nov 2017 7:23pm  
The delivery centre was closed. I don't get it. These places run 24/7. I'll wait here until I see someone.


Thursday 16th Nov 2017 9:01pm  
Still no one. This is nuts. I'm going to sleep in my car. Tell your mom. Love Dad.


Friday 17th Nov 2017 9:19am  
Finally spoke to the manager. He said that the dairy shipment is a week late. Without any milk he had to close the place down until monday. He only came in to check for the truck. He wouldn't tell me anything else, I'm suspicious. I'm going to go to the dairy, it's not too far. Love Dad.


Friday 17th Nov 2017 1:43pm  
I'm at the dairy, it's also shut. The manager there said that there's an industrial dispute with the farmers going on. When I demanded milk he laughed at me and said I'd have to talk to the farmers. Damn him. I'm off to the closest dairy farm. Love Dad.


Friday 17th Nov 2017 10:34pm  
I'm half way there. It's taking a lot longer due to various interstate closures. Thankfully Bessy can go overland quite nicely. Is there anything on the news about this? Let me know. Love Dad.


Saturday 18th Nov 2017 4:56am  
I could barely sleep. The jets flying over head towards the lights in the sky kept waking me up. I should be at the closet farm soon. Love Dad.


Saturday 18th Nov 2017 9:32am  
I made it to the farm, but there's black vans EVERYWHERE. I sneaked into the farm house and overheard them talking about UFOs, and missing cows. I'm going to try and come home asap. Love Dad.


Saturday 18th Nov 2017 9:36am  
They are searching for me! If I don't make it out, I love you, your sister and your mom. My will is in the top dr


Thursday 8th Feb 2018 12:00pm  
I'm not dead. Love Dad.


Monday 21st May 2018 4.52pm  
Training is finally finished. Mission begins tomorrow. I'm using my sim card on a stolen phone. I love my family.


Tuesday 20th May 2042 1:09am  
I'm not sure if this will work, subspace communication and cellular data probably won't mix. We've finally arrived at Groxon. The Groxars stole all of our cows because theirs died of a genetic disease. Instead of coming to an understanding about taking half of them, they took them all. The FBI, CIA and NASA recruited me to fly one of the Groxar ships for them. They shot down dozens that night, before the Groxar started shooting back. Hopefully you guys weren't part of the casualties. So we're taking the fight to them, the American way. We'll make those bastards pay. Think of my family, Love Dad.


Monday 16th February 2067 5:14pm  
Sorry that it's been 50 years. Time dilation and the law of relativity and all of that. The mission was a success at least. Turns out the Army rigged the Groxar spaceships with nukes. Their planet is now a radioactive dust ball. Serves them right I guess. I see that Earth took advantage of Groxar technology and I'll be taking a flying taxi home from the space port. Weird that the last 50 years have felt like a couple of days, I guess because it pretty much was. Travelling at 99.9% of the speed of light does that. I see that mom is still alive, give her a hug from me and warn her a little bit. Tell her I'm younger than my own kids now! Maybe not though, if either of you got messed up in the deep space exploration that NASA started. Can't wait to see you tomorrow! Love Dad.


Tuesday 17th February 2067 10:00pm  
I'll be home in an hour. Love Dad.


Tuesday 17th February 2067 10:02pm  
Damn. I forgot the milk.


The door jiggled. It was a sound that any homeowner immediately recognizes, and has an immediate tightening of the bowels when they know that no guests have been invited. I got up from my soft and plush love seat. The by-product of 2 decades of use by my sisters and mother. 

The jiggling continued for 15 more seconds followed by a soft but authoritative knock. I attempted to look through the peep but the sun had set an hour before, flashing its last orange radiance for the day. Leaving me the decision to feign and empty house or satisfy my curiosity. 

"Yeah? Whose out there" I cried, attempting to sound more passive than my shaking hands would allow the stranger outside to know. 

"Me you dumbass, open the damn door it's cold"

The voice was as nostalgic as strawberry candy my grandma use to have on her counter but as strange and alien that I couldn't put it to any face. I cracked the door to get a better sight but the moment I unmatched the chain it was pushed upon me and stubbing my big toe. 

"What the hell are you doing?" I started to close the door but the second I saw the face belonging to the owner my knees turned to a consistency of fresh jello and I collapsed back onto the old man tan colored rug. 

The stranger made his gait into the house with a sack of groceries, a new pack of Marlboro reds in his flannel shirt pocket and a pair of well worn wranglers on top of a pair of obviously handmade boots covered in a red dirt that came from somewhere further south and exotic. 

"Hey slick. Glad to see you got your grandpas height." 

I could only awe. This man before me was a myth of only my oldest memories. Disappearing and leaving 3 daughters, a wife and a son who still shit his pants at night. 

"What the hell, where have you been? I don't even know what the hell is going on here. Am I asleep?"

"No buddy. I've been gone a little bit I think. Little longer than I would have liked to have been I should say too". 

At the end of that he embraced me in the way that only fathers can do and held my head to his chest. The smell of pine and rain and something different but unknown to me. 

"Sit" he said. I couldn't argue. I walked to the room just adjacent to the entry and sat at an old oak table. A table I remember him conning my mom into buying. 

"I'll ask again, what the hell is going on? The police and everyone said you either were abducted for some reason unknown or killed and buried." I shook my head. Every forgotten and stowed emotion rising to the surface of my throat like bubbles in a freshly poured soda. 

"We were told you had mob ties or owed someone money and the price was your head. That's why we were left alone."

He had a slight grin. Only on the corner of his mouth. His rand raised and rubbed the slight stubble of his cheek. The sound of callous fingers sliding on the beginnings of yesterday's shave. 

"All you need to know, is I'm back"

"No. I need to know more. Like how you look so young. You should be 55. Not in your 30's. I need to wake up mom."

"No." He said with no thought. 

"I know how she is. I've been watching as much as I could." 

My heart raised a notch above the delirious and suicidal pace it was already on. 

"How? How could you be watching? Facebook stalking?"

"No. I'll start easy. I went to the store. I had to take a leak so I went to the John. It was locked so I finished the groceries. I went out to my truck but I didn't want to try and make it back or I'd have a wet seat and wetter pants. I went to the side of the building. As I was zipping up my fly i noticed it. 

His voice seemed to drop and tremble. Like a young girl remembering her attacker at first glance. His face furrowed and darkened. 

"It was a door. A dark, expensive looking door. One that only that yay who up the road in the White House would have"

I knew what he was talking about. An older lawyer had a literal mansion on the end of our street. His doors seemed heavy enough that simply letting it close could remove your fingers from their hand should they be caught in its swing. 

His head lowered another drop. "My curiosity got the best of me. I went to it and tried the handle. It didn't move. Not even an almost. It was stuck. And it seemed to just BE there. Standing itself in a resolute way. Declaring its existence. I laid my hand on it and it felt, warm. Heavily oiled to the point of being almost greasy. It was dark. On it were words, I think they had to have been. More like hieroglyphics. 
 
He spoke this out as a man who hasn't said it in decades "HI-RO-GLIFF-FICKS" 

"It seemed so strange to just be there. I heard a humm coming from it. Or around it. Maybe even under. I almost shrugged and let it be. But I heard a sound come from BEHIND IT, except. There wasn't a behind"

At this I widened my eyes and say forward. 

"How? How the hell did it not have a behind?"

He leaned back and shrugged as if to say "beats me buddy"

He continued. Hands crossed and head down. Speaking as if it was a dream long ago. 

I stepped back and forth trying to see how that made sense and I couldn't. I heard what I thought were wind chimes. But worse. It was nice. Like being at grandmas on the lake. But so, LOUD. And horrible. Chimes made of, I don't know. BONES almost. As soon as they started the door seemed to change. It existed. I didn't dare to touch the handle but my traitor hand betrayed me and grabbed the damn thing anyway. This time it turned. As easy as any old door. The second it unlatched it just,  just."

"Just what? It just what?" 

"It swung WIDE open. As wide as it would go if it was on a frame. And it SUCKED ME. It sucked me straight into it. I was behind the store and it was no later than 2:pm. I came to it came out and it was pitch black. I was in the middle of a field. After that..."

His head sagged back down. His face grew dark. 

"Dad..."

"After that I did everything I could to come back. I know it's been almost 20 years here son, but I've been gone 4."


"Those damn lines at Walmart, son," he said shaking his head. 

The movement made the mask slip a bit. 

"Mom raised me by herself. You left us..."

"...like I said, those damn lines at Walmart," he repeated, taking a cigarette out of his shirt pocket and lighting it.

He never used to smoke. When he took a drag, he exhaled and began coughing an 80 year olds smoker cough. 

He was my father, alright, but he wasn't my dad anymore.


I would like to say I had forgotten - that I didn't care. That I'd moved on. 

That's what they all say to do, you know? Move on. As if it was just possible to forget a part of your mind, cut it out like a tumor, and set it aside. Well if it was a tumor it wasn't a benign one. I'd tried it all, therapy, friends, family, and it went away. For years sometimes I forgot about him, and then all of a sudden he came howling back like a cancer that just wouldn't go away. All it took was a fight with my sister, or with Dave. It had stayed for a while back when mom had died. 

And he was due to come back today, the bastard. I'd been checking the feeds for the last couple years now. His transport feeds still showed on time. His transport hadn't exploded.  

I hoped he didn't come. 

I hoped he came. 

A knock.

I froze for a moment on my sofa as my heart skipped a beat. 

"Home," I said, "show camera feed."

"Right away, Alexa," the house responded, and my phone showed the visitor on the doorstep. 

It was him. 

He was standing there as if he'd left yesterday, as if he hadn't betrayed us at all. He had startlingly blue eyes, a virtual clone of mine, and his dark hair looked a bit unkempt, but it fell right past his earlobes, just like it used to. He was holding an open carton of Milk in one hand. Oh no big deal, just going to see my family I abandoned 50 years ago - better buy some milk before I go there though. And he was smiling.
 
*Smiling*

I got up from my sofa, and checked the camera of my phone. My deep red hair fell past my shoulders, and a few wrinkles had crept up on my face, but for the most part I looked young enough. The wonders of telomere preserving drugs. My blue eyes were clear - there wasn't a single tear in them. 

I stalked over to the door, and with no show whatsoever threw the door open. Yep. There he was smiling, his eyes twinkling. “Hey Al-“

He never finished because I clenched my fist and punched him in the gut. The milk went flying out of his hands and spilled all over the lawn.

He never saw it coming and reeled backwards. “Listen,” he said, “I know you’re upset-“

I laughed at that. “Upset,” I said, flatly. “You know I’m fucking upset,” I said and slammed my knee against his stomach, knocking the breath out of him.

“You couldn’t understand,” he said, “my life was at a dead end, I needed some cash.”

“Oh right,” I snarled, “where the hell could your life possibly go after having two young daughters and a wife? Of course your life was over.” I swung again, and he ducked.  We were out on the driveway now. The wind was cool against my skin, but I felt like I was burning up. 

“100,000 dollars, Alexa! Inflation adjusted!” he said, “I can turn my life around! Just spend six months on a really fast ship to study time dilation or whatever, and I’m done. It’s like magic!”

Magic. Yeah it had been magic how quickly all our lives had been uprooted. And how we didn’t see a cent of it. 

“Why are you back?” I asked, my voice low.  

He looked genuinely taken aback. “To see my daughters,” he said, “my wife-“

“Your wife’s dead,” I said. 

I almost smiled at the expression on his face. He had shown less expression when I had punched him. It almost made up for the lance of pain that went through my heart every time I remembered mom. Almost. 

We stood there on the driveway for a moment, both of us breathing heavily.  

“Alexa, let me make up to you,” he said, and he actually sounded halfway genuine, “I’ll share the money. Please, Allexa, I don’t want to be a villain.”

“I’m a millionaire, Dad. Thanks to mom’s caring, my sister’s support, and in a way I guess, thanks to your betrayal. I don’t need your money, and I wouldn’t take it even if I was dying.”

“Al-“

“Bye, dad,” I said, “never come back. I've gotten used to it." I turned back and slammed the door. 

“Alexa,” the house said, “your heart rate is elevated, and your stress levels are dangerously high. Would you like to call emergency services?”

I laughed. I guess that’s what closure felt like. 

The tears came soon after.
***
(minor edits: grammar, spelling, rephrasing, added in bit about milk)

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  

edit: Hey guys didn't think the story was that bad lol. why the downvotes :/ Feedback is welcome!


No way.

Anger, sadness, and confusion rolled into a giant emotion in my heart.

"Hey... What's going on here?" I squeaked. My voice betrayed me.

He looked me up and down. Confused. His mouth slung open; just like all those years ago, sitting in front of the TV watching in disbelief as the enemy football players run and score a goal.

He looked at me and I dared to look back.

"Catherine?"

"Yeah. It's me." I whispered. He left... Didn't he? 

Mum said he was off to buy milk and never came back. That was 50 years ago. He was in his mid thirties when he had my brother and I so that would put him about 80 years old. However... The man standing in front of me does not look like he aged in the last 50 years.

He still had his piercing blue eyes. A hint of crows' feet touched his eyes and a few smile lines but that's how he was all those years ago. That's what he looks like in the pictures mum showed us in his funeral as we remembered who he was. After... After the police were unable to find him anywhere.

"What is going on here?" He echoed my question. 

"Dad, do you remember? June 27, 1966. I will never forget that day. You... left us. Mum said that you were going to get milk but you never came home, in fact, you were no where to be found. We had the police on you and everything. Filed a missing case report," I rambled.

It's as though my father disappeared into thin air. But this was him. As soon as he walked in, the room smelled of sandalwood and after shave, just like before. There was a faint stubble on his chin but that was about it.

"No, that can't be right," my father shook his head "I was at Uncle Jim..." Uncle Jim was the small store down the road. "I was there just 20 minutes ago. What...?"

I could see his confusion. He's registering my face. I have wrinkles and a little taller than my 6-year-old self.

"Where's your mum?"

"She... Never stopped looking for you."

"Where is she? And Luke?"

My breath hitched. My brother was angry when he was gone. All of a sudden the responsibilities fell on him. Being the only male, he had to work on top of going to school. My mum did what she could but I don't think she ever got over the fact my father disappeared the day after their anniversary. Everything seemed fine. 

"Mum... Mum is in the loony bin, d-" I flinched. I can't say 'dad' without my mouth going slack. There's no way he's real. I cleared my throat. "All she would talk about is how she must find you coz you must've been scared. Luke... Well, Luke is gone. His anger got the best of him and he got into a fight and..." I hiccuped, remembering the sirens, the blood pumping in my veins as the police broke the news.

"Catherine..." his voice broke my thoughts. "I... It was milk. I left 20 minutes ago, went to the store, and brought the 2% because she was baking a cake... Wasn't that what she was baking?"

It was. My mum didn't realize she needed more milk. So, she sent my dad. She never forgave herself. Always said that it should've been her.

"You left 50 years ago. How is it that you haven't aged? Where... Were you?"

He looked up, his eyes bewildered. He pulled out his old time piece. "I left 20 minutes ago," he said in a strained voice.

I blinked my tears. How was my dad here... Now? After all these years? Where was he? How didn't he age? There were too many questions.

Suddenly, I became very aware at how hot the room was and how fast my heart was beating. I was starting to see stars too. The last I heard before the darkness took me was my father's scream and the milk jug hitting the floor, spilling milk and glass everywhere.

EDIT: thank you for the love! This was my first WP and I'm glad so many of you enjoyed it!


I stared at my father in disbelief as he stood in the kitchen’s entryway.  He looked so much younger than I do but there’s no mistaking it - this is my father. He smiled at me as if he’s been doing this for the last 50 years.

“How’s it going, son? I finally got that milk.” he said, the same warm voice I took comfort in in my youth. “Where do you keep your glasses now?”

“The left cupboard. I’ve kept everything in the same place for the last 50 years.” I found myself answering as I firmly held my cane to keep steady.

He grabbed two glasses, set them on the counter and poured the milk into them. He handed me a glass but I had to sit down by the breakfast table before taking it from him. I studied his facial features while he sat himself down next to me. His hair was dark and full, mine was white and wispy. His skin was firm and unwrinkled, mine was like a piece of crumpled paper. “Why are you here after all this time?” I finally asked.

“I’m here to take you Home with me, son. That’s where I’ve been all this time.” He smiled at me and gestured for me to take a sip out of the glass of milk.

I obliged and put the glass up to my lips. The first taste made it clear that it wasn’t milk. It was sweet and heartwarming like a cup of tea on a rainy day. All these years of loneliness and resentment melted away as my father wrapped his hands around mine. 

*Yes, I am ready to go home with you...*


"Ugh! Dad, you're finally back! What took you so long?" I yelled across the great hall. My dad, who was fifty years too late bringing home groceries, stood at the other end.

"I-I'm sorry darling, I can make it up to you!" He stammered, turning red with embarrassment- well, as red as you can be when your face is covered in what could be cosmic dust, but is probably white makeup. 

I rolled my eyes. This certainly wasn't the first time I'd dealt with him suddenly disappearing. "No! None of that! 20 souls as payment, now."

He pulled out his wallet and several wispy beings floated from within, off to where they belonged: my vault.

"Really, darling, it was only 50 years--" I cut him off, fuming.

"And last time it was 25, and next time it will be 75! If you keep skipping off to get exotic things from other universes, I'm going to end up the sole ruler of Hell at some point."

"But what's so bad about that? Everything seems to be fine---"

"Dad, that's the problem!" I shouted. "People aren't suffering enough and prices for properly tortured souls are nearly to HEAVEN in value. Things are going so well that angels have been coming to visit!"

"B-but surely they're fallen like you, Airi?"

"Not at all! They don't even fall once they've left!" I did my best to perform the scariest, most demonic voice I could, just to prove my sincerity. "That is why you absolutely cannot leave until you've cleaned up this mess of a kingdom Lucifer."

He sighed and took up his throne and crown. "Very well, Airi...Let me deal with this." 

I only heard him mumble as I left the hall carrying the groceries triumphantly: "The things I do for my only daughter.."


My dad was the best. Ever since I was young he would always wake up before me and make breakfast. On top of that he and I would always go on adventures like hiking and camping, and when I was old enough skydiving and mountaineer. 

He'd always carry around this small flask and he would never talk about it. I used to ask him what was in it but he'd always avoid the question. I usually dropped it there since he never acted like an alcoholic or anything after drinking it.

One day I woke up early, before him and I decided to grab something to drink from the fridge. We had a huge fridge and I would always grab the first thing to drink I saw. Strangely enough nothing caught my eye, nothing except a panel that looked slightly out of place. I tried to snap it back in but it ended up revealing a hidden section of the fridge. In the section there was one half gallon of...what looked like milk. I thought this was strange so I pulled it out to get a better look. 

As I pulled it out of the fridge and was about to read the label my father jumps out to surprise/scare me. I jumped and threw the carton up in the air. His face went from laughter to horror in a split second. The carton hit the floor and spilt everywhere. I looked up at my dad and he looked as if, I just did something terrible.

I looked at him and tried to break the stare by saying "Hey...don't cry over spilt milk right?" He just walked over to the carton picked it up and walk away. Standing in the milk soaked kitchen, I heard him open up the foyer closet. "Dad?" Then I heard him grab the keys. "Dad!?" I ran out to see him halfway out the front door and then have it slammed shut in my face...that was 50 years ago on this day...

I'm 67 now. In these 50 years I've finished school, graduated college and am married and have kids. We live in a quiet part of town and I managed to repurchase the house I grew up in. I never changed the locks in case he'd ever come back. Then I heard the door handle rattle, then the lock turn. It was 2:10 p.m. the kids are at school and my wife is at work. "Who can it be now?" I asked myself as a saxophone echoed in my head. The door opens and...it's...it's my dad! But...

He should be 87 but he looks exactly the way he did on that morning, except without a cowboy hat on. He had the same half carton in his hand, but this one wasn't spilled. I ran up to him and gave him a huge hug and nearly cried. "Dad! Where have you been?! What happened?" He silently stared at me. "Dad, I didn't mean to upset you 50 years ago. Why did you leave?!"

He just walked over and sat down on my couch placing the milk on the coffee table. Frustration welling up inside me I yelled "DAD, WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME!!!"

He sat there and simply motioned with his hand at the milk, and said "Try some boy, and have your friends try some also."

"What are you talking about?"

He pointed directly at the carton in an exaggerated fashion. "Here's some Nilbog Milk, special milk, high in vitamin *EHHHH*"

"Wha-"

He recovered from his sneeze "High in vitamin content."

Edit: Grammar and punctuation.


Isabel had just taken the girls to school, and I was finishing up with breakfast. Had several cases on my mind, but after the phone call with the judge last night, I felt better about how things would end up. He was a wise man, a fair man. 

There was a knock at the door. 

I wasn’t expecting anyone, and it was too soon for Isabel to be back. 

I got up from the table and approached the front door slowly. It was a damp, cold morning, the orange crisp leaves flooding our lawn and the sunlight soft and hazy. The prime of autumn. 

I grasped the doorknob and turned it slowly. With a creak, the door opened, and a few brown leaves blew into the house. A gust of cold air moved past me, and there in the doorway stood a man. Six foot two, black hair with a bit of gray, hard, worked hands, blue jeans, brown leather work boots, a red flannel shirt, and cold, dark brown eyes. He grasped a gallon of milk in his right hand, and his left in his pocket. He stared at me, and I stared at him. 

“Who are you?” He asked in a firm but soft voice. A red pickup truck was parked in the driveway. 

“I said who are you? Why are you in my house?” He asked, this time with more force. His left hand came out of his pocket, and he straightened his back, a tower of a man. 

“Dad?” I whispered. 

He looked at me with a face half peculiar and half angry. His gaze wandered into the house, and it was clear it was not as he remembered it. 

“Where’s Caroline? Where’s my boy?” He advanced. 

I stood there, staring at him but looking through him. He hadn’t aged a day. He looked at me, his eyes as cold as I remember. I saw a flicker of light in the darkness. It was then that he knew. 

“Dad... it’s me. It’s your son.” 

He stared, and I could tell he didn’t want to believe me. Tears swelled in his eyes. He knew. He could feel it. 

“...you’re all grown up... you’re my age... I went out to get some milk... it wasn’t even 50 minutes ago...” 

“Dad... it’s been 50 years...”


He walked in the door, the gallon of milk in his hand.

"Mom!" I shouted. "Mom, it's dad." 

It had been 5 years since he left, 50 years my mom and I had struggled without him. He didn't look a day older than when he left to run a quick errand. He looked confused and tired.

My mom came to the entryway, where my father stood with milk in hand. She looked at him, looked at what he was carrying.

"You forgot the bread," she said. "Dumbass."


Elizabeth woke with a start, confused and disoriented. Her heart beat hard and fast, twenty full beats before she remembered where she was: the master bedroom. She was home, in her own bed. She shook her head as though it would dislodge whatever forgotten dream had set her mind back fifty years and her expected location back twenty feet down the narrow upstairs hallway to the room in which she'd slept as a child. Something must have put her in mind of her childhood, but she couldn't place what. Now, more than sixty years old, that was a time long gone.


A quiet clatter from the kitchen downstairs brought her from her reverie, and Elizabeth remembered her guests. Her daughter and little granddaughter, Annette and Charlotte, were visiting. There was a smell in the air which was familiar, but Elizabeth could not quite place. 

*Annie must be making breakfast*, she thought.

Rising from the bed, she pulled a thick bathrobe around herself and went into the hall. She froze. Down the hall to the stairs, the door to her childhood bedroom stood ajar. Even from the doorway to the master bedroom she could see the foot of the bed. The foot of the bed, which still had feet in it. Her breath hitched as Elizabeth crept down the hall and peered inside. Annette lay in bed, sound asleep. Alone. Baby Charlotte, little Lottie, was nowhere to be seen.

The sounds of cooking continued downstairs.

Elizabeth crept gently down the stairs, deftly dodging loose boards and squeaky panels. She'd learned the quiet ways around the house as a rebellious teenager, the only child of a single father who'd disappeared and left her in the care of his best friend. Uncle Greg had been a wonderful uncle and a better father than Al ever was, but Al's disappearance had stung no less for it. She'd grown a tough skin as a result--slow to trust, defensive, and fiercely independent. From the umbrella stand on the lower landing of the stairs she pulled a sand-filled wiffle bat. Much like her weapon of choice, she was deceptively strong. Sixty-four or not, Elizabeth knew she could be dangerous if she needed to.

Lottie's laugh rang from the kitchen.

The downstairs hall was a straight shot from the front door through to the kitchen at the back of the house, the lower landing of the staircase just off to one side of the front door. Rounding the landing and taking her first tentative step into the downstairs hall, Elizabeth caught sight of a figure passing the kitchen doorway. Not Lottie's toddler silhouette, but an adult.

A man.

There were no men in Elizabeth's life. At least, not in her home life. Not since Uncle Greg had died. Annette's father had been out of the picture longer than he'd been in it. At work Elizabeth had male friends, of course: Samuel, Yosef, and Richard. Young Daniel from work was like the son she'd never had, but even he had never been to her home. Annette and Lottie had Henry, but he hadn't stayed the night and had no key to the house.

What was a strange man doing in the kitchen with her granddaughter?

That thought alone was enough to propel her down the hall. Abandoning her previous stealth she ran, bat raised, as quickly as her aged body would allow. Elizabeth flew into the kitchen with silver hair streaming like an avenging angel's halo, robe whipping cape-like behind her. The bat she gripped gleamed golden in the morning sunlight. She brought it mightily down upon the the interloper, and the world exploded in white.

Milk sprayed everywhere.

Lottie shrieked a startled laugh from her seat on the counter and the pint of blueberries, which the toddler had been applying one-by-one to the electric skillet of pancakes beside her with the careful concentration of a child who hasn't quite mastered fine-motor skills, joined the milk and the unmoving male figure on the kitchen floor. The burst plastic jug was still gripped in his hand, having been raised shield-like at the last minute. It had been a full, fresh new gallon. Milk spattered the walls and coated the floor. It was tinged pink in a spreading halo around the man's head.

"Stay there, Lottie," Elizabeth said. Her voice was toneless but firm. "Don't touch the skillet."

Elizabeth approached the prone figure. The thrown blueberries burst underfoot, leaking purple in complement to the milk and man's pinky-red. The skin of his scalp was split and bleeding where the bat had made violent contact, the blood from the wound mixing with that of a thin, steady thread running from one ear.

Elizabeth recognized that ear. She recognized the hair, too. She recognized the man's whole frame. She even recognized the smell, finally able to place it. Pancakes, but not just any pancakes. She hadn't had this recipe in over fifty years.


Elizabeth peered unbelieving down at the silent, bleeding figure.

"Al?"

The figure did not respond.

"Dad?"

A million miles away at the other end of the kitchen, the pancakes started to burn.


I had just got to my desk when I noticed a missed call. I get a lot of scam fake phone calls so I thought little of and began getting on with the morning routine. Fired up Outlook, took another swig of coffee, just another Tuesday. My desk is next to Jen’s, she’s great, we usually shoot the shit at least 5 times a day. This particular Tuesday morning she’s telling me about her date from the night before. While she’s telling me I notice another call on my cell phone but because I get a serious amount scammers calling me, I don’t pick it up and interrupt her story. 

“So we finish up our meals and the check comes, I tell him that I would rather...”

My phone rings again and at this point I realize it’s the same number calling me. Jen stops the story as my attention is fully on my phone. 

“Do you need to take that?” She asks. 

I told it’s the third time they’ve called so I better. Scammers don’t use the same number to call you. They switch out numbers each and every time they try to reach you. 

I pick up, hello?

“Yes is this Tom? Tom Smith Jr?”

I’m never one to confirm anything over the phone without knowing who I’m talking to so I ask who’s calling. 

“This is the Benton Pennsylvania Police department, we have a Thomas Smith here and he is claiming to be your father”

“My father has been missing 50 years and presumed dead. I don’t think you have the right person.”

“Well whoever he is he had your fathers wallet on him when we picked him up. He was also driving the same car that your father was last seen with. So we have him in custody right now as he is the only lead on your fathers disappearance and as such he is a suspect.”

This is when I begin to lose my shit. Goosebumps and chills rage throughout my body and my feet go cold. Jen is starring at me mouthing ‘what’s going on?’ as I’m just starting into the abyss. I was 10 when my father disappeared. I always thought he had been killed, I always thought that something had happened to him. My mother defended him every day for past 50 years, she swore to me he’d never leave. She swore that something had happened to him. As an Young adult I started believing that he abandoned us. That his ‘cigarette trip’ was just like so many others I had read about. My mother brought me back the ledge on that though. The stories she told me about them and him. The history the two of them had. The love he had for her and for me. She showed me his journal and I read it countless times. He wrote almost daily about his thoughts, feelings, and the days events. From this I got to know him. Eventually I had no choice but to believe that something had happened to him. 

Now here I am 50 years later, talking to a police officer about the possibility of finding out what happened to him all those years ago. 

“Sir, Sir are you there?” 

“Uhh yes, yes sorry, I’m here”

“Sir, we’d like to ask you to come to the station and look at the things he brought in. It’s going to all be in evidence bags so you won’t be able to touch any of it but if you wanted to come and see the car and other items we’d like to have you come and look and then write a statement.” 

“Will I be able to see the man you have in custody?”

“No Sir not in person but we will have his mugshot available if you’d like to see that when you come in.” 

“Uhh yes, umm. It’s going to take me a few hours to get there. I’ll need to stop home and get a few things but I’ll come now. I’m about 2 east so it won’t be 1 or 2 until I get there.”

“That’s fine sir, we will see them, my name is Kathy and when you get here let them know you spoke with me and they will come get me”

“Thank you,”


I closed my eyes and waited for death. Would I wake up in a flaming bowl of curry? Would I be greeted by pearly gates? Would I simply be reborn? Who knew.

"Yes, indeed, who knows? But what we know is athomeinthegalaxy's life certainly was a wild ride. He once said his life should be like Forrest Gump's, in all its unpredictable, chocolatey goodness. Welcome to watchmojo.com. Today, we're taking our picks for the top 10 moments of athomeinthegalaxy!"

"Before we begin, we publish new videos every day, so be sure to subscribe for more great content." Couldn't even resist advertising on a deathbed. What had YouTube come to?

I didn't know the Reaper was this upbeat. The countdown itself was inconsequential; all of these memories were good ones. My first trophy, my first A grade, my first love, my first shot of booze. I didn't mind shuffling through them again as I lay still.

*Next video: Top 10 Reasons for athomeinthegalaxy's death*

*Next video: Top 10 Worst athomeinthegalaxy moments*

*Next video: Top 5 Underworlds*

Where do I switch off autoplay? Thankfully, the life support beeped less frequently and was about to peter out...

**Welcome to watchmojo.com! Today, we view the 10 worst athomeinthegalaxy moments. Think you could escape us this easily? Thought you could get away with not subscribing? Well you're stuck with here us now, forever! New content, every day!**


And coming in at 10, we have his first steps, always a highlight in anyone's life - it's a shame no one was there to see it! 

Number 9 has his first day of school, certainly a formative moment. So much hope, so much anticipation! Here we see the other students laughing at him for having holes in his shoes; kids can be so cruel, no?

At 8 we have him standing up to his bully for the first - and last - time. I think we can all agree that this was a simply spectacular moment in his life, and despite the consequences, you really have to admire his tenacity.

And sitting at 7, we have his ultimate teenage moment - his first kiss! You all knew it was coming, and that first glimmer of hope was something I'm sure we can all agree was simply terrific to watch. If only her father hadn't banned her from seeing him - it's not like he could choose who his family was, no? 

6 puts us out of foster care and straight into college, with him working three jobs just to support his studies. Here we see him falling asleep during that crucial exam; who knows what his life could have become if not for that fatal mistake!

5 is when he found the wallet with all that money, and decided to return it to the police - who promptly pocketed it! We decided to include this one, since he was kicked out for not being able to pay his rent just a week later - you can just taste the irony, really. 

4 has him on the streets, when he was too proud to ask for money. If only he did, since this is when he got beat up by some drunk teenagers for being homeless. Not a great reason, I'm sure you'll all agree! 

Top 3 was a no-brainer. Here we have him finally turning his life around, getting his first job since being homeless, despite not having the required attire or experience - truly a moving moment! You really have to admire the kind old man for hiring him. 

Number 2 comes shortly afterwards, however, with the old man passing away and the business shutting down, putting him back on the street. In a life of ups and downs, it certainly seems like it's been mostly downhill for him!

And coming in at the all-time number 1 spot, you all knew it was coming - we have him meeting his high school sweetheart once again. Truly poetic; if only she'd realized who it was when she'd given him her change. We think that's what finally broke him, don't you agree? 

Anyway, thanks for sticking it through to the end, and don't forget to like and subscribe! 

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) instead. 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3


“What happens after I finish watching them all?” asked Evelyn.

“Well,” came the voice, rich, warm, calm, patient. Evelyn couldn’t see her, but the lady sounded like Ms Perrine at school, who always had time and a kind word for them. “There’s no rush, really. You can stay here as long as you like, watching them over and over again. When you’re done, like, *really done*, you can let me know.”

“And then?”

“You may then pass on,” said the voice. “Your body on earth… expires.”

“Oh,” said Evelyn. “What’s there after that?”

“Nothing,” said the voice.

The ten crystalline balls (Evelyn made sure to count them) hovered in the air, floating in that dark, inky room. Evelyn was reminded of the conservatory she had visited during her school’s science camp, where her class had been ushered into a similarly-darkened auditorium. Stars, planets, constellations had flooded the ceiling of the auditorium, one after the other, sparkling and glittering like so many diamonds out of reach.

“That’s number 4,” said the voice. “You’re thinking of number 4. Timothy even grabbed your hand during the lightshow, and didn’t let go until just before the lights came back on.”

Right on cue, the fourth crystal from the left shimmered an azure blue, begging for Evelyn to reach out and touch it. “Oh no, you can see that too!” said Evelyn, laughing as she covered her cheeks which had gone aflame.

“There are nine others like that one,” said the voice, “the top ten important moments in your life. Pick and choose, take your time. Only when you’re ready need you move on.”

Evelyn reached out instinctively, the excitement bubbling up in her. This was better than any vlog or video she could ever hope to compose on her own. Previews of her memories, perfectly captured and rendered, played out under her fingertips. She realised how lucky she was as each of the crystals yielded their secrets to her, for they invariably contained happy, cheerful memories. Evelyn cycled through the first few, loathe to move on, immersing herself over and over in that endless bliss of a charmed life. 

Then, a thought occurred to her.

“I… I don’t remember dying,” Evelyn said, brows furrowed. “It’s hazy, for some reason.”

“You’re technically still alive,” said the voice. “But if you’re curious, events leading up to it will be in the last crystal. It always counts as the last significant event, for obvious reasons.”

“Will… I be sad if I watch it?” asked Evelyn.

“It depends,” said the voice. “Don’t forget, there’s always the other nine to cheer you right back up.”

Evelyn hesitated, torn between the first nine crystals and the last one. She knew her mind was playing tricks on her, because where the ten of them were indistinguishable before, now the last one seemed ominous, forbidden. She found her fingers trembling just reaching out to that last crystal, and then that impulse again to lose herself in the first nine, to leave that door unopened.

After all, the rest really were all that she needed – one was the day that her family adopted Ginny, that floppy golden retriever who had a penchant for chewing on her soft toys. Another was the day that her parents brought Sara home from the hospital, the sister she had always longed for. So many memories, so many *good* memories, all within reach, all begging for endless consumption.

Never be afraid to make the tough choice, her dad’s motto sounded in her head. 

Evelyn sighed, then reached out for the last crystal. It unfolded when she touched it, the way a touch-me-not would, but in reverse, and light spilled out, bathing the room in an orangey glow. Shapes and sounds and feelings and thoughts coalesced around her, and for a moment it felt like she was back in the moment, reliving that very memory. Evelyn recognised the scene immediately. 

“Such a beautiful drive,” said the voice. “You were playing all the way with your sister, were you not?”

“Yes,” said Evelyn. “Six hours to Disneyland, Dad said. The hours flew by though. We talked about school, Sara told me about the boy she had a crush on, we napped, we snacked, we counted the number of cars which passed us…”

Then, the memory cut off, dousing the room back in an oily gloom. It looped again soon after, right back where it first started, as if it had never stopped in the first place.

“That’s all I remember of it?” asked Evelyn.

“That’s all you witnessed,” offered the voice.

“Can you tell me… what happened after that?”

A short silence, and for a moment Evelyn wondered if the voice had gone away. It returned just as Evelyn thought to ask the question again.

“There aren’t any rules about this,” said the voice, “and I don’t suppose there’s any harm in it. There was an accident, Evelyn. Someone else had fallen asleep at the wheel, drifted into your lane.”

“That’s not good,” said Evelyn. “Are… they ok? Mum, Dad? Sara?”

“They’re fine. All of them. In fact, they’re right there beside you now, watching and waiting for you to recover. There are machines hooked up to you, keeping you alive… but just barely.”

Evelyn looked back at the other crystals, and then it occurred to her why they seemed so familiar. “Time moves differently here, doesn’t it,” she said, flitting through the other memories. “How long have I been here, looking through these?”

“Not that long,” said the voice.

“How long?”

“About a year?”

Evelyn smiled, then released the crystal she had been holding in her hand. It rose slowly, floating up to join the others, until they were arranged neatly in a row again. She couldn’t deny that it was nice being here, looking back at the memories, reliving them, savouring them.

Knowing that her family was out there waiting for her to return though, took some of that shine away. She didn’t like to keep anyone waiting.

“I’m ready.” 

“You sure?” asked the voice.

“Yes,” Evelyn said. 
 
---

/r/rarelyfunny


As you breathe in your final breaths, you begin to wonder what may come after. If nothing else, you can at least relive your memories one final time. Welcome to WatchMojo.com, and today we're counting down the Top 10 Moments of your life! 

For this list, we're counting those moments that were both memorable, and influential for the rest of your existence, for better, or for worse.

"Oh my god! What did you do?!"

Number 10: Your Birth, 2025 AD. 

"Waaaah-waaaaaah"

This one is a no-brainer, as your birth welcomed you into the world, everyone greeted you with open arms, even your father, who we would soon come to find out wasn't so fond of you after all.

"Please stop hurting me, Papa."

We put this so far down on the list since you can't really remember your birth, but it still started what came to be a great adventure.

"Eh, it ain't so bad."

Number 9: Your first kiss, 2037 AD.

"Was that...okay?"

Ooooh yes it was. Coming in at our number 9 spot, is the time you kissed Jennifer Argodopolis at the Jefferson Middle School Winter Snow Ball. This moment signified you fully coming out of your shell, and being comfortable with who you were. At least that point.

"Yeah...it was good."

Number 8: The Assassination of President Zang Chun Li, 2053 AD.

"Target In Sight."

The climax to the "Operative" saga, this was the moment that cemented you as a certified American Hero. The Assassination of Chinese President Zang Chun Li may not have brought any peace to the Chinese Communist Regime, but at least you stopped any threat of global thermonuclear war. G.I. Joe ain't got nothin' on you.

"Happy New Year, motherfucker."

Number 7: Shiner Reflection, 2039 AD

"YOU LITTLE SHITSTAIN!"

After a particularly brutal beating from your not-so-awesome dad, you looked in the broken mirror your father had just bashed you into, and saw the shiner he'd given you. It was at that moment, you knew, he fucked up. It may not have been the next day, or even years from then, but you knew, you would have your revenge.

Number 6: The day the bombs fell. 2055 AD

"They did it. Son of a bitch, they actually did it."

Weeeeell, shit. Two years after President Zang Chun Li's Assassination, the world erupted into thermonuclear war, preempted by a nuclear test over Japan, by the new Chino-Korea regime. You miraculously survived, but most major cities diiid not.

"London...New York...Vancouver...it's all gone."

Number 5: Sins of the father, 2053 AD.

"I just wanted to wish you a happy father's day, you shitstain."

After you successfully assassinated the Chinese President, you recieved a hero's welcome when you returned home. You were also informed of your father's terminal illness. When you went to talk with him, however, his reception was as cold as his heart.

"You ruined me..."

Number 4: Penguins!, 2030 AD

"Are they farting to make them swim faster?"

One of the happiest times you remember is seeing penguins for the first time. One of the few happy memories on this list, this is where you always went back to in your mind, to achieve peace.

Number 3: King of the Wasteland: 15 AAD

"KNEEL BEFORE YOUR KING!"

"HOORAAAAAY!"

A decade and a half after the bombs fell, the survivors built walls around the ruins of the world they once knew, and began to rebuild. This entire movement was, of course, led by yours truly. With the right amount of leadership and support, you were crowned king by your followers. A title you gladly accepted.

Number 2: Meeting your match, 2043 AD.

"Well, let's say I did think you were cute..."

Ah, Jenny. How we miss thee. Sexy, sarcastic, but sweet, this bombshell was seduced by your, ahem, "unique" brand of charm...

"Well I was thinking we could go back to my place, **or** we could fuck right now in a Denny's bathroom."

...and followed you through the radioactive fire, until differences in political views made her your greatest rival. Ah well. Better to have loved than lost, amirite?

"You are hereby banished from my kingdom...I'm so sorry, my love."

Before we reveal our top pick, here are a few honorable mentions:

-The Assassination of Jenny

"I'll never stop loving you, Jen..."

-Gearing Up

"DARKNESS! IMPRISONING ME! ALL THAT I SEE! ABSOLUTE HORROR!"

-Mom's death

"Nothing can protect you now..."

-On The Run

Number 1: Father, 2053 AD

Nothing fancy about this one, just good old fashioned vengeance. Not wanting to be outdone by his illness, you decide to pull the plug prematurely on your father. And by "pull the plug," we mean "stab the heart." 

Sneaking back into his hospital room at night, you decide it was time for payback. As you take your final steps toward the void, the one thing you remember most fondly, is exacting sweet revenge on your father. What that says about you, we'll let the shrinks decide.

Do you agree with our picks? Let us know in the comments down below, and check out new videos everyday, at watch mojo, dot com.


You've had a lot of great moments in your life. Today were going to count down the top 10 moments when you were in the absolute most pleasure. So without further ado,

Starting off our list at number 10: The birth of your first child. Nothing quite like the feeling of helping create another human. Spoiler alert, this is the most pleasure you received from being a father. 

Number 9: Your honeymoon with your wife in Hawaii, you were so in love at that point!

Number 8: When you finally beat your favorite video game. Killing that last boss that was a total pain in the ass.

Number 7: Your first time stepping on a crunchy leaf. The joy was so immense you went out of your way to crunch them the rest of your life. 

Number 6: That blowjob you got from that one girl in college, whatever her name was. 

Number 5: When you dropped your phone and caught it like a ninja. As you looked around to see if anyone witnessed, a stranger makes eye contact with you and nods. 

Number 4: Peeling off the thin plastic layer from the new TV screen you bought. 

Number 3: The time you watched a bouncing screensaver block hit exactly in the corner of the screen.

Number 2: That time you took a piss after drinking a lot of beer at a party. So good you had to put your hand on the wall to stabilize yourself. 

And finally the greatest pleasure you ever experienced, 
ending our list at Number 1: That other time you took a piss after sitting through a very long movie, so satisfying it sent a shiver down your spine.


They stated their luck but alas, I felt far luckier than any of them could know.

Time was fading away and my eyelids drifted close.

"Number ten is an interesting one! It was the first time his father hugged him! It was also the only time he'd witnessed his father crying. Can you believe that, not before or after but *only* at that moment. What a shocker!"

This can't be, I thought. 

"Number nine is possibly just as wild, it was the first time he saw his own child. He was protesting it was his and merely wanted to watch the DNA test being done, how untrustworthy!"

If death could cry; if death could feel.

"And of course who hasn't experienced number eight! His first kiss, but can you believe where it happened? His friend was distracting the mentors from the group behind an Elks Lodge and he finally leans in for it, giving the girl what she'd been waiting for! What a sweetheart."

"Number seven traipses in as it's his first real memory, but not the most savoury one at that. He's in a hole dug by his father and eating the mud left behind. Bleh! But what can we expect from someone so young?"

Perhaps this was a nightmare before death.

"The fiendish number six, of course. Standing 'round fire with a coven all cloaked and masked, circle drawn and moon alight! What a time! The fire and wine were all they had to keep warm that night but the silence helped soothe the flames."

"Well, five seems to have gone just as off course! There's blood on the court and it's luv - 40! His knuckles have been split by the strings on his racket in a fit of rage! What will the outcome be, how will he be received?"

What have I done to deserve this?

"Coming up next we... have four, which seems to be a scene of him glaring at a man while his sister cries in the next room."

"And for three it seems," She pauses, turns aside and whispers with hurried tone to someone behind the scenes, "It seems we have them being thrown down a set of stairs into a door at the bottom. He... he looks okay."

She begins to sound nervous, "Two barges in with the moment he realised how much a child could change someone's life and how much he'd plan on it changing his. What a courageous love!"

"Out with a bang! Number one seems to be in a dormitory room with his first love and nothing between them but air and tension. It was the last time he looked someone in the eyes and truthfully said he loved them!"

If dark had a shade of starkness. 

"Thank you for watching and may you enjoy the ride!"


[fatfingered a half-response before, now let's do the actual one]

"At number ten, we have, ladies and gentlemen, her first time! Too bad the guy turned out to be an ass, but hey, a good memory nonetheless!"

I blinked once. And twice. I was... on a train, wasn't I? Or, well, I had been, I wasn't anymore.

"Let's not dwell on this too long. Number 9, and she sure remembers this, the day she walked off-stage and managed to hurt herself so bad she couldn't walk for two weeks! What a great thing to do two days before Christmas, right? It sure is funny in retrospect!"

Heh. Yeah, that is quite funny.

"And let's go right to number 8!"

Calling me confused would be an understatement. I'd been on a train, I remembered that. There'd been... Some guy? Some guy, he'd pulled out a gun, and I remembered thinking, well, obviously that's fake, you can't buy guns here. And then he shot someone.

"The Black Forest Cake she baked for her older siblings' birthday when she was 15! She sure is proud of that, despite not putting an inordinate amount of effort in it. Her siblings liked it too!"

I'd been on that train with my little sister. Seven years younger than me.

"And right to number 7, the deed. The day she moved into what would be her final residence! A relatively small apartment building near work. She was so proud to finally be able to live on her own!"

He'd already shot someone else when I understood what was happening. I think I'd gone deaf then, as well. Or maybe that was just the blood rushing through my ears.

"Number 6! This is a very vivid memory, when she kissed her best friend on the forehead and finally noticed that she was also into girls! She had a lot to think about that night."

There was chaos on the train, someone pulled the emergency stop and of course the driver first asked what was going on, because those things call the driver and don't actually stop the train, because that would be too sensible, I guess!

"And at number 5, her first day at university! Classes hadn't actually started yet then, but she met a friend for life that very day."

Someone had the sense to crash through a window and people ran out, but we couldn't, we'd been on the other side of the train and this madman was inbetween us and the broken window.

"Let's not slow down now, at number 4 we have the day she signed up for tinder in desperation! Nothing actually came of that but she had a few good laughs, as I'm sure we all have!"

We were frozen, my sister wouldn't budge so I couldn't either. I should have done something, but I wasn't strong or anything like that, and boom there went another person, dead, what was little me supposed to do? I'm no fucking saviour. I'm not wonder woman, I'm not superman, I'm not even supraman or whatever his name was from Dr. Slump!

"3! Oh, how cute. The first day at her first job. She broke down crying after a week, but hey, looking after large groups of overactive children when you're fifteen is surely stressful!"

He'd walked closer towards us then, I don't know what he was thinking, but he looked me in the eye and then pointed the gun toward my sister, the fucking asshole.

"2! The day she found out she wasn't depressed, she just had an underactive thyroid! Changed her whole life, that did!"

And... I covered her.

"But there is nothing that could top number one: The day her little sister was born."

...That's right. Nothing could top that.

A light appeared before me, like a spotlight. There was nothing else here but pitch-black darkness. There was nothing else here, for me.

Aw fuck, I fucking died, didn't I?

"We all know how strong family ties are, but this one was exceptionally strong! She acted like a mother might when her sister was in danger, even sacrificing herself when a madman rampaged on a train!"

Hehe. Mum had joked pretty often that I was taking on the role of mother for my little sister.

"Her little sister was unharmed, the madman being held back from behind after she was shielded, and lived a fantastic life after the incident! Even though she certainly needed therapy after having someone die on top of her."

As long as she's fine. It's the only thing that matters.

Feeling weirdly serene about the whole situation, I walked into the light.

"Don't forget to like and subcribe for new content every day!"

Oh, fuck off.


I hear the music cue in the watch mojo lady. She begins to speak. "Can't you fuck off let me die in peace?" I shout into the room, as I yank my life support's power cable out of the wall. 

I die instantly, scarring my nephew for life who came in to see Pop-pop off to the afterlife. My eldest son giggles, and then posts the incident to reddit. Everyone else in the room is stunned. A few family members are trying to comfort the nephew who the screaming was inadvertently directed at. 

The watch mojo lady turns to my wife and says, "I'm still getting paid for this."


"Welcome to your deathbed! Here, we give you the choice of living once more or dying instead! Remember, this is a one time deal, you can only revive once to enjoy your life in full for a few more years. Isn't this a great deal for you and your loved ones?"

Katie stared incredulously at the overly chipper lady who had popped up next to her hospital bed. Some rando she didn't know was rambling on about getting another chance to live and how this was a one time deal. 

"Well, yeah, why would I want to die? Sign me up for this deal." Was this lady stupid? Of course she wanted to live. Hell, she would totally regret it if she died without having sex at least once with that fine hunk Steve at least once.

"Oh, that's just wonderful! I knew you would just regret not being intimate with wonderful Stevie at least once! That's why I wanted to offer you this deal anyways. I totally understand how you feel. But first, let's show you what we thought your top ten moments in your life so far were!"

Top ten moments? Sounded good. Katie knew that so far she lived a life she hadn't regretted. So many great things had happened to her like getting to go to Disneyland with Steve, getting that sweet sixteen birthday bash...

"And here's moment 10! Remember that day in middle school when you got your period in school? And you bled all over the seat? We found that absolutely hilarious! The look of humiliation on your face was priceless!"

Wait. What?

"Moment 9! Do you remember when you had that adorable honking laugh? It sure gave us a lot of laughs when you laughed so hard that the milk you were drinking came right out of your nose!"

Noooooo, please stop. Wasn't this supposed to be the top ten moments of her life? Why were they talking about her most embarrassing moments?

"Oh Katie, I never said that the top ten moments of your life were what you considered to be your top ten moments. See, in the afterlife, we have so much time that you humans give us such joy when you have antics such as yours!"

"Anyways, continuing on, here's moment 8! It gave us all heartbreak when we saw you were rejected by your first crush. We totally felt for you when you had that crying fit in your bedroom. Teenage drama and angst is always so heart rending."

Okay. That was cool. It was kind of embarrassing hearing about her first crush, but she was so over it now. Turns out Jake had been kind of a dick and she had dodged a bullet there.

"Moment 7! Now, do you remember the condom incident? It-?"

'Holyyyyy shitt, please kill me now.' Katie didn't want to hear a rehash of the condom incident ever again.

"Oh, tough luck sweetie. Looks like you chose the path of death in the end. And we didn't even get to your best moments!"

"Wait, I didn't say I wanted to die just yet!" Katie shouted.

"Well, to us, thinking and saying things are the exact same. Haven't you noticed you haven't said anything ever since I started on your best moments? Don't worry sweetheart, I'll make sure you die painlessly and get placed in a good division in the afterlife!"


Rollen led in the cold wet mud, concerned about the increasing squelch in his trousers. His wife, Neeta would be cross at him for getting so filthy. The last time he came home this dirty she made him stand in the garden with only a marigold to protect his ever shrinking modesty whilst she washed his clothes in the trough out the back.
Recoiling at the realisation that the season for Marigolds had indeed passed, he became aware of a tall black figure standing to his left. 

"Moist" thought Rollen.

The tall figure tilted his head as he looked down at the man with brown trousers, splayed out in the mud.

"ROLLEN STONEGARDEN?" Enquired death.

"Oh..." said Rollen, coming to the grim realisation of his fate. 

"Is it time? Am I?"

Death nodded solemnly. 

"But my wife....she'll kill me for"

"IT'S A LITTLE TOO LATE FOR THAT"

"Oh, yes. Of course"

"IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND, TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE HERE"

Death pushed a small note onto Rollen's chest. It was on beautifully crisp white parchment and bore the heading "From the office of Death". 

Rollen unfolded the single sheet of paper and squinted at the perfect calligraphy inside.


"But I don't understand, it says here 'Presenting your top ten moments' but there's only one!"

"I DON'T CURATE THE LISTS, I ONLY BRING THEM TO THEIR CREATOR"
"NOW IF YOU DON'T MIND, I'D LIKE TO CATCH UP ON A BIT OF LIGHT READING. THESE THINGS TAKE TIME TO PROCESS, TAKE AS LONG AS YOU NEED."

Rollen looked down at the sheet of parchment in front of him, and wondered if Death was born with a sense of humour or if it developed as a coping mechanism for the job.

Death carefully sat down with the kind of careful precision needed for someone entirely made out of bones, and pulled out from the folds of his robe a tatty leather covered book entitled "The Farmer's Almanac" 

Rollen's lips moved as he read to himself the only bullet point on the list, dated today.

&nbsp;

"Saved a boy's life. Sacrificed his own."

&nbsp;

Written as a tribute to Terry Pratchett. This death is his, and not my own.


"Look, Matty the Mad is acting strange again," I said, elbowing my friend Flint as we walked past her shack on our way home. The elderly woman was busy shoveling dirt over a hole, either unaware or unconcerned about her dirt-stained frock.

"I say, what're you up to, Matty?" he called.

She straightened and glared at us. "You boys again. Come to break my windows with stones?"

"You can't prove it was us," I shouted. "Answer Flint's question!"

"I'm covering up my dirty business," she said, going back to her work. "Unlike everyone else in this damned village who leave them out in the open."

We burst into laughter. "What a foolish madwoman you are!" Flint said, half-choked with mirth. "Only by scattering them outside will they dissolve in the rain and evaporate under the sun. Why are you storing them in the ground where they'll be there forever?"

"Leave an old lady alone," she muttered.

"What other wisdom do you have to share with us today? Last week you told Fanny to wash her mouth and brush her teeth four times a day. Her father got so angry he wanted to stomp your vegetables flat!"

I snorted, and said in a conspiratorial but audible tone, "You see, she doesn't know that our mouths, being wet all the time, are already clean!"

"Also, remember when you asked Honey to stop mixing her cave metals into her medicines? She let her dogs chase you all over town!"

Matty looked up briefly with damp eyes. "Those dogs ought to be put down. They're raving mad, and they've already bitten five people!"

Flint and I fell into silence for a moment, but then my friend said, "Anyway, you keep playing with your dirt. We're going home to have our mushrooms." He shook a leather pouch for her to see.

A look of concern came over her face. "Where did you find those?"

"Oh, in the woods, here and there," Flint said casually. "Not telling you, or you'll steal our supply. 'specially since we've never seen this variety before."

She groaned. "The last thing I want to do is eat your stupid mushrooms. You boys remember to cook them well. Sometimes they can do strange things to you."

"There she goes again," I said with a guffaw. "The wisdom of Matty! Cook your food and destroy everything natural about them! Maybe we should start smoking and salting our meats too, like she does."

Flint started to walk away, shaking his head in disgust. "She even eats them weeks later. How could she stand something that's no longer fresh?"

"Don't worry about her," I said, clapping him on the back. "She won't be ruining our dinner."

***

"Flint?" I said, coughing as I woke up. My head was spinning heavily, and thick foamy phlegm was leaking from the corner of my mouth. I fumbled about in the dark of my room, trying to regain my bearings. With every motion, my belly heaved and lurched.

"Don't feel so good," I moaned, clutching my middle. Sharp pains were beginning to accompany the aching. My bottom felt wet—likely I would soon need to look for a clear patch not used by my parents and sister in the garden. "You hear me, Flint?"

My fingers brushed against his arm, and I felt a surge of relief that he hadn't abandoned me. "Why's it so dark?" I said. "We only started eating a while ago, and it was noon. Hey, Flint, what's the matter?"

I traced my fingers up his torso, to his neck, and then his face. His flesh remained still and cold to my touch.

"Flint? Flint!" I began to shake him, but he didn't answer. Cursing the dark—my eyes were beginning to strain from the effort of widening them—I stood and ran to get help, bumping into walls even with arms outstretched.

"Father! Mother! It's Flint, I think he's dead!"

***

Flint's family came and took him home not long after, where they would leave him in the living room until he dissolved into the air they breathed. Honey took a look at my eyes and made me swallow urine from the man with the sharpest eyesight in the village, but to no avail.

I could no longer see.

As I cried myself to sleep that night, cursing mushrooms, cursing Honey, cursing everything, I remembered Matty's words earlier that day.

***

*Edit: Part 2 below!*

*Thanks for reading, hope you liked it. Do check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) if you would like to see more of my work.*


“All in favour of sparing her life, step forward!”

I looked around the village square, but no one moved a muscle. The seconds rolled by, and the hope I held in my heart crumbled, only to be replaced by a sharp tang of bitterness, resentment. There was Peter, whose fever had yielded to her medicine, but he kept his eyes down, lips tightly pursed. I saw Nathan too, whose son may never have returned from his ventures into the forests if she had not tracked the child down, but he was as silent, unmoving as Peter was. 

Old Man Bosworth, the twins Jaina and Jerry, Valerie, Daniel… they too, everyone who had ever benefited in one way or the other from her help, all suddenly bereft of courage, unwilling to stand up for their benefactor.

The bloody ingrates.

“Do you see how everyone fears you, woman?” asked Chief Lanson, shaking his staff at the figure kneeling on the ground, hands tied behind her. “We tolerated you, gave you a place to call home, and this is how you repay us? By bringing this evil magic into our village?”

“I am not evil,” Matilda said, her voice carrying to the edges of the crowd. “I have done no harm to the village. I have only helped.”

“Helped? Helped?” said Chief Lanson, his voice rising in anger. He turned to the crowd, stretched out his arms, then said, “Evil fears the light, foul creature. I shall show the village proof, proof of your heresy! I will show them the forbidden evils we found in your hut! Come, show them!”

Fred and Richard, two of the strongest farmers in the village, retrieved a wooden chest from within Chief Lanson’s hut. They struggled even though the load was shared between them, and after they placed the evidence in front of Matilda, they took hurried steps backwards, leaving Chief Lanson the honour of opening the chest.

He rummaged briefly, then retrieved what appeared to be a marble slate, dark and smooth on one side, white and pristine on the other. He held it triumphantly in the air, revelling in the reactions he was getting.

“Has anyone ever seen a rock like this?” he asked. “I promise you, no one has!”

“It’s not right of you to have gone into my hut like that,” said Matilda.

“Oh? And if we had not done so, if we had not suspected you of carrying out the dark one’s work, would we ever have discovered foul things such as this?”

“I don’t know what you are talking abou- ” 

Chief Lanson squeezed the edges of the slate, and one side of it flared to life, emitting vibrant colours, as if someone had managed to trap a rainbow in stone. The crowd gasped, and I saw some of the adults shielding their children’s eyes. 

“If we had not been suspicious, if we had not known to spy on you, would we have discovered your secrets, witch?” said Chief Lanson. He turned the slate towards us, then said, “Listen! Listen with your own ears! This is her! The devil masquerading as a human! Listen to the unholy mission she is on!”

He needn’t have commanded us in that manner. We were enraptured, spellbound by the moving images on the slate, of what appeared to a… doppelganger of Matilda, staring out at us, speaking to us. I heard whispers rise up, words like “impossible”, “there’s two of her”, “a soul, trapped in marble”.

We fell silent though, once the Slate-Matilda began speaking.

“42nd entry – no new developments in weeks. The search goes on,” Slate-Matilda said. Her unruly hair was tied back, and there was a steadiness to her voice, a clarity to her eyes which wasn’t usually there. This was not the Matilda we knew, the soft-minded, chattering and hyperactive Matilda we saw roaming the village from morning to night. 

It began to dawn on me that it was all an act. 

“I don’t understand!” said Slate-Matilda, throwing up her hands. “The historical records are clear! The Influencer came from these parts, and I have narrowed it down to this village! I did not travel this far back in time in vain! Yet… yet I have met with all of them, talked to each and every one, but no one, no one stands out! I have run my tests, checked my equipment over and over, but still, not a single one displays even a modicum of psychic powe-” 

“And these are the witch’s tools, by her own admission!” yelled Chief Lanson. He kicked the chest over, and its contents spilled across the ground, next to Matilda. An excited hum rose amongst the crowds as they feasted their eyes on the unnatural objects, the shiny, glinty collection of baubles created by the devil’s own hands. 

“Answer me!” Chief Lanson continued, striking his staff into the ground for emphasis. “Tell me why I should not have you burned here, right where you are!”

Matilda raised her head, stared straight at the crowd. Most of them still had the decency to shuffle and squirm, but still no one intervened.

“I have done no harm to anyone,” said Matilda. “It is true, I kept secret the real reason why I was here, and I did not tell anyone why it is that I know what I know. But I have only meant well. I have shared my medicines, I have imparted my knowledge… I only asked for a bit of solace as I conducted my research. I meant no harm.”

“Enough! Stop your lies, right this instant!” Chief Lanson said. He struck with his staff, hitting Matilda on the shoulder. I saw her tumble forwards, her forehead striking the ground.

“To me! Bring the torches! We will burn her where she is!”

Fred and Richard complied, and as they inched towards Matilda, torches in hand, blank expressions on their faces, I waited again, hoping someone would do something, anything.

I pulled on the sleeves of those around me, begging them to step forward.

But they shrugged me off, transfixed. No one was going to listen to a boy who was still too young to shave. More importantly, no one was going to listen to their hearts, their consciences.

I heard Matilda cry out, though from pain or fear I was not sure. The torch was inches away, but Matilda could not twist free, as tight as her bonds were.

I grit my teeth, then did a quick headcount. Two dozen, maybe more. There were children too, and if I had more time I would have thought twice about whether they were as sturdy as the adults, whether they could recover as quickly.

But I was out of time, and so I stepped forward, clenched my eyes, focused on a single word, and poured every shred of energy I had into it. I had never exerted myself so much before.

*SLEEP*

I knew it had worked when I heard the steady thuds of comatose bodies hitting the floor. I opened my eyes, and I saw that some of Matilda’s other possessions on the ground had lighted up, flashing an incandescent array of colours. I pushed past the crowd, pulled Matilda up, shifted her weight onto me. She struggled to keep her eyes open.

“I… I was right…” she said, smiling. “It… it is real…”

“Later,” I said. “We have to go, now. There’s a lot we have to talk about.”

To better cope with Matilda’s weight, I borrowed Chief Lanson’s staff. From the way he was sleeping peacefully on the ground, it didn’t seem like he needed it.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


The rowdy crowd rabbled. They rabbled in a rowdier manner than any rowdy crowd had rabbled before.

“Order! Order within this hall!” shouted Mr. Hanner, the mayor of Stubbornsville. His voice reverberating around the rickety old hall.

The gathered crowd was a ragtag bunch. Mainly dressed in old potato bags, mud, and, in some cases, old potato bags made of mud. They were also difficult to control and were prone to mob fever. But the rowdiness was quickly put to bed when the doors to the hall burst open. 

A woman, atop of the tallest horse the villagers had ever seen, entered and slowly trotted towards the front of the hall stopping just short of  the stage. The lady unseated and descended from her high horse, slowly walking up the steps to the front of the stage.

“Greetings, peasants,” said the lady, lifting her arms aloft to greet the crown in a demeaning manner. “I come from the future and I’m here to tell you just how much better I am than you.”

The crowd didn’t react. They just looked on confused.

“Thought the whole future thing would have got a bigger reaction but let’s move on,” said the woman, pacing around the stage. “How can I be a superior person just like you, I hear you ask. Well, I have one word for you: Veganism,” said the woman, in an incredibly condescending and preachy tone.

“Are you the person who has been putting all those pictures of gross dead animals on the bulletin board?” asked one of the gathered peasants. “The pictures with the words on top and bottom.”

“Yes, that was I,” announced the lady, clearly proud of the fact. “I assume this has already converted hundreds of you to my way of thinking as it is a fool-proof strategy in the year 2017.”

"The pictures on the bulletin board worked on me," admitted Maureen, fourth row middle of the isle, wearing a muddy potato sack. “I could only stomach half of my dog after seeing one of the pictures."

The lady looked towards the Mayor, “Wait, why are your people eating dogs?”

“Why are you eating your dogs, Maureen?” asked the Mayor, looking to get to the bottom of this case.

“The dog was organic if that makes a difference,” said Maureen. 

“No,” said the lady. “No that does not make a difference.”

“Are cats OK to eat if your veganism?” another voice queried from the crowd. "I tend to eat cats."

“He really does eat a lot of cats,” added the Mayor.

"No. Why would cats be OK if dogs are not? Veganism is about not eating any meat at all thus making you a superior person," explained the woman.

"I don't understand," shouted a voice from the crowd.

"What part do you not understand?" asked the vegan lady.

The peasant woman in the crowd stood up, "I don't understand how not eating meat makes you a better person."

"Humans do not need to consume meat," explained the vegan lady. "And by not eating meat, animals get to live free from cages allowing people like me to feel smug and better than others."

"Can we eat animal if they are eating us?" asked the peasant lady who was still standing. "A bear stole my child. He knocked at door pretending to be kind neighbour. But it was all lie. A dirty bear lie."

"There's just no way that's true," said the woman on stage.
 
"I'm afraid it's true. It was easily a top 5 case of child being eaten by a cunning bear," said the Mayor, following up. "Some actually said top 3 but it was never agreed upon."

"Listen, we're getting off track here, the idea is to not eat any animals under any circumstance. That is what separates us vegans from those who are quite clearly below us."

"Are there any other ways we can feel superior to others while still eating meat?" asked the Mayor. "I just don't feel like veganism is going to work in this village."

The lady on stage began to pace, deep in thought. "The issue is, it's difficult to be smugger than being vegan but there is something else. By a show of hands, how many of you exercise?"

Around twenty hands went up in to the air. 

"So about a quarter of you exercise. That's good. Now, how many of you make sure you tell others about your exercising?"

Every hand fell back down.

"You see," said the lady, "how do you expect to feel better than others if you're not obnoxiously showing everyone how much better than them you are?"

"My name Boris. I feel better after run," said Boris, shouting from the back.

"Come on up, Boris," said the vegan lady, with Boris obliging. "When did you go on your run?"

"Today," replied Boris.

"And how many people are aware you went on your run?"

"Zero."

"Boris, what is the point of improving yourself if you aren't forcing it down the throats of people who aren't bothered? You’re missing a key element of being better than everyone else. Take this piece of paper and write 'Wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't get out and run every day. Attack the day!'"

Boris wrote the message.

"Now pin it to that wall over there."

Boris walked over to the wall in the hall next to the stage and pinned up the message.

"Everyone look at that message," shouted the lady.

Everyone turned to view the message.

"Now, Boris, how do you feel knowing all of these people now know you went on your run?"

Boris looked at the crowd viewing his message, "It makes me feel above them."

"That's it!" shouted the lady, "This is what I'm telling you. It's not the exercise, the unwillingness to eat meat, or the genuine efforts to improve yourself that's important; it's letting other people know you’re better than them that is the key."

"I get it!" shouted a familiar voice from the crowd. "So all I have to do is let other people know I have eaten their dog."

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.


"I don't know if she's all that daft. I think she may be a witch."  
"Who? Mad Mary of the Idiot Wood!? A witch? I doubt that very much."  
"She could be playing dumb to throw us off, so we don't suspect."  
"We are talking about the daft old lady who'll give you vegetables if you dump your chamber pot in that thing behind her house. That one, right?"  
"She does have the best vegetables in the county. Could be she needs it for her gardening spells."  
"The same lady who gave a shilling for a every dead rat you could bring her then burned all the rats?"  
"We were the only village that didn't get the plague. Sounds like a sacrifice to me. And, I'm pretty sure she cursed the barber."  
"Cursed the barber?"  
"Yeah, my mum says that years ago Mad Mary and he got in an argument 'cause her kid's humours were all out of   
balance and he wanted to bleed the tyke. The kid died. Ever since then, he loses more patients than he saves."  
"Well, you've convinced me. I guess we've got to burn her, then?"  
"I don't see anything else we can do. Can't have a witch in the village."  

edit: formatting.


The cabin was about a half mile outside of town.  It had been abandoned, no river or fields nearby to make it worthwhile.  It had been an old trapper’s cabin but the game had gone from this area a long time ago.  Josef quietly shuffled towards the front door, a small parcel hugged close to his chest.

The door opened before he had even been able to muster the courage to knock.  A woman’s voice, strong and even, came through the cracked portal, “What do you want?”

All the conversation starters Josef had planned came out at once, “I need your help.  I’m sorry to bother you.  I know that you have helped people.  My name is Josef.  This is my daughter.  I’ve heard you know some magic.  My daughter is sick, please help—“

“I’m expecting someone, come in, but be quick.”  The door opened, a small oil lamp was turned up and the dark cabin brightened noticeably.  Josef stepped inside.

“Give her to me.”  The woman reached forward, Josef hesitated.

He was here because he was desperate, but it was still hard to trust the old wood’s witch.  She had a complicated reputation in town.  Healing animals and people, predicting weather, cursing enemies.  He was sure some of both the good and bad were rumors, but he had nowhere else to turn.  He handed the small bundle over, “Please don’t hurt her.”

The woman frowned.  She shook her head and took the baby.  She felt its forehead and then took out a small tool from a bag by her side.  She stuck it in the poor girls ear, the baby screamed.  Josef prayed that he made the right decision, he wanted to run but was too scared he’d be turned into a frog before he got to the door.

“She has a fever. How long has she been sick?”

Josef forgot to answer for a second, he was too busy wondering what flies might taste like, “—Six days, the doctor bled her twice already—“

“Stop that! Don’t do that again, do you promise?”

“Yes Ma’am.”  Josef stared at his feet, unable to watch whatever witchcraft this woman might be performing on his only child.

“She has a temperature.  I need to go, I don’t have time for this.”  The woman glided towards a small cabinet with a curious latch he’d never seen before, she fiddled with the symbols on it before it popped open.  He saw a small orange container with a white top.  She poured the contents into a small leather pouch.

“These are antibi—these are medicine.  Powerful.  Do not tell anyone I gave this to you.  Three times a day, with her meals.  Is she breast feeding?”

“Cows milk, ma’am.  My wife, she died in labor.”

Josef could see the sadness in the woman’s eyes, but she moved on quickly. “Boil the milk.”

“Ma’am?”

“Boil the milk.  And these pills three times a day until they are all gone.  Do you understand?”

“Boiled milk and these pills, three times a day.” Josef had heard the stories, he knew she was crazy, but this was beyond his expectations.

“I’m sorry.  I wish I could do more.  I shouldn’t even be doing this.  I must go.  You must go.  Good luck.”  The woman started pushing him back outside.  

“Thank you.  Thank you so much.”  Josef paused at the door, he turned around deliberately, “She doesn’t have a name yet.  On account of her mother—If you don’t mind, can I ask your name?” Josef thought that maybe an offering would convince the witch to have mercy on his poor daughter.

She hesitated, “Margaret.”

“It’s beautiful.  Family name?” Please let me daughter live, Josef thought.

“My grandmother’s name.  She said her father got it from an old hermit who saved her life when she was a—It's not important, I have to go.“

“Margaret—Maggie.  I hope you’ll get to see little Maggie grow up big and strong.”

A bright light shone in through the window of the cabin.  So bright, Josef thought the sun had risen in the middle of the night.  The witch didn’t seem startled at all.  She sighed and grabbed a small satchel she had next to her chair.

“Unfortunately that won’t be possible.  I need to go back to where I came from.  You can't tell anyone about what I gave you, not even your daughter once she's older. I need you to go now, quickly.”  She stared into Josef’s eyes as if she had more to say, but she just nodded and shuffled towards the backdoor of the cabin.


"What is she *doing*?" asked Wyll, staring at a round-ish woman who was squeezing a bulb of a lilly, rinsing her hands in the foamy lather that came out. She was on her knees next to a little stream, near her little cottage up the hill. 

"Is she squeezing a potato?" asked Wyll. "Why on earth is she squeezing a potato?" 
Wyll  and Alice were peering over a bush, utterly fascinated. 

"She's utterly barmy she is" said Alice. "What on earth is she trying to achieve, playing with a potato?"

"It must be old age" said Wyll. "Mam says when a person passes the age of 40, they go mad." 

"Must be it." said Alice, shaking her head sadly. "And she's not even 40 yet!" 

"Yeah..." mused Wyll forlornly. "Maybe some go earlier than others."

"Oh dear. She's licking her hands now." 

"Oh dear. Mam and Pap better hear about this!"


=====

Nancy was ecstatic. She had just been washing what she had initially supposed was a potato, and quickly discovered that in fact, it was not a potato. She even discovered that some substance would come out when squeezed, *and* her hands smelt and felt *cleaner*. She was definitely putting this in her journal.  

=====


"Hey Glinda! Stop eating that cow meat! You need to cook it first."
 Glinda rolled her eyes at Dahv-id. He claimed he could read, and was from a time far beyond ours. But Glinda knew he was just some crazy guy who didn't want her to eat.

"But I'm hungry!" Glinda shouted back. "Can one not partake in a meal during mealtimes?"

"Not that meal. Here, I made some soup. Put your meat in here and I'll make it taste better." At this suggestion, Glinda yielded. Dahv-id's food was good, even if his mind was missing.

"Dahv-id, where did you learn to cook like this?" Glinda inquired.

"In my time, my wife was the workhorse and I worked at home. That meant I had to do the cooking, and I guess I got really good at it."

"Your wife was working and you weren't? What kind of useless man are you?"

"In my time, men and women are equal. Sadly, you will never see it. You won't live long enough."

"Men and women being equal? Imagine that. You tell the greatest stories, Dahv-id." 

Somewhere, a wolf howled.

"Glinda, did you hear that wolf? That tells me that the sun has completely set. It's time for me to leave."

"Where to do you travel?"

"Home. Many miles and many years away."

"You are leaving? You know we enjoy having you here, even if you are a little crazy."

David chuckled. "I fixed my room of metal, as you call it. It will take me away."

Glinda sighed. "Well, every good thing must end sometimes."

David climbed into his time machine and went forward into the 22nd century.

Glinda finished her meal and was just about to leave, when David's time machine reappeared.

She cried for joy and ran to open the door. David staggered out and groaned. 

"While I was here, my wife figured I would cheat on her, so she took over the world. It looks like I'll be staying here for a while longer. Now, I just remembered. You have to throw away your families' lucky copper pot. It kills you too."

Glinda stopped smiling and simply said "Are you serious?"
***
Quick note: David left for medieval england on July 25th, 2182. He went back on August 21st, 2182, to account for the time he had aged while stuck in England. Not a plothole, I just couldn't think of a way to say it in the story.


"but the bread mold saved your grandfather Mort. And the maggots saved Earl's crushed food when everyone knew he was going to die. Sucking out the snake bite didn't save your boy Martha but any other healer would not have even tried. We lost what six of the last twenty babes born under her care? What other village can boast of so many live births. Not to mention her way with the flocks and hogs. Everyone has benefitted from her knowledge."

For a moment there I thought I had swayed them. Even the mayor his hands still holding the rope to bind her with looked both thoughtful and ashamed. Then the preacher spoke.

"Knowledge yes. Forbidden knowledge. Does the good book not say a woman shall remain silent excepting her husband's command. Even if we can attribute such luck to her, and you all mind it's God's glory that saves both flocks from blights and new born babes. No matter how much cleaning you do to barns or washing of hands. For does the book not say all good things come from the Lord. I say again she is a witch meant to lead people from the church. Do you all think I would not notice you send your children to her in secret instead of church for a proper education. As to saving lives who is she to save a man God has chosen to take. But I see you've moved these common folk with your speech so let me ask here and know before your neighbors and God who would go against God and stop the right and blessed hanging of a witch? Who would allow their children to be lead away from the teachings in the good book?"

I must confess I keep my eyes down and my mouth shut.

I wanted her to scream and fight when we arrived. Instead she spoke calmly laying out her case much as I did. The preacher tried to rouse the crowd but his angry words were not answered.

She begged at the end then laughed at us saying we were killing our children believing in a book written so long ago.

I stood in the crowd as she dropped. It wasn't a clean break and the mayor was weeping openly as he helped her to finish it.


"She's something all right."

"Yes but a lady belongs in the houses, not working whatever it is she's always up to." 

--

As I pull back the curtains to the cellar, the stench of her recent 'concoctions' hit me once again. Though I love her enthusiastic, or as I call it 'free-spirited' personality, others whisper where did her father go wrong. 

"Where be the wicked witch of the well?"
"Oh quit it Cedrick, leave me be."

By the table, Erika stood in her favourite dress, simple, sleeveless dress showing off just a bit of her personality. Her hair brought up into a bun, unusual arrangement for the night, but she's always stood firm for her beliefs in dressing in her cellar. 

However mystifying her looks may be, the contents of her table shared the same trait. Mix of glassware and make-shift 'contraptions' of scrap she's found. In front of her, manuscripts by high lords, many with writing foreign to the common man. It is uncommon for a lady from here to read, such Erika's ability to read these papers reserved for upper society is unheard of. She has even defaced them with her writing on several occasions. 

What has the lord sent her now? 'Manipulation of space-time using...' "Oi" She snatched the white script out of my hand, "You know my rules in here." 

A playful smile came, "the men of the next town dare not touch me, Erika you truely bewitch me." 

She looked up at me, releasing her hair into the usual river of black hitting her back. "What would you have me do I wonder?" She pulled me in for a kiss. "Wait for me outside, I have to stabilize my machine." 

"Sta-bil-se, where do you pick these up?"

--

A few more and I might just be able to stabilize the portal, if only for a few seconds, it's enough. 

As the pulser tripped, the entangled parties warped the hole into phase. The hole that brought me here, and the one that will bring me home. Call me Einstein, he might have came up with the theorem, but I built a working portal in medieval London!


"I talk to Gods!"   
   It was a bright sunny day. the first one in weeks. So much rain. If we got a few more days like this the high crops might actually yield. We needed the high crops. Low crops were consistent enough, but the high crops, they meant the difference between new iron or a starving winter.   
   So the sun was shining, the day was beautiful, the sheep followed their master and then there's poor William, sitting on a wall, trying to keep the demons from coming out. Really struggling, praying and folding his hands but the demons always won. The demons seemed to like me to talk to.  
   He hopped off the stone wall and followed my slow meander up to pasture. 
"I talk to Gods, Peter."  
"More like ghosts, William."  
   He flicked an errant fly off his head. "No, no. They said you'd tell me that. They're Gods. They tell me things." They always told him things.  
   "Like what?"   
   "Like there's a murrain coming. I didn't know what that word meant so I asked them. They said it meant dying. Death. The sheep this time. Cows next."  
    The sheep. I couldn't lose the sheep. Just words from a crazy person but words they carry strange powers. Sometimes even thinking them can cause devils to pluck therm from your mind and make them happen. "Willy, you best not talk like that. Lest the church put you on trial."  
   "Oh I've been tried scores of times. The Gods told me. Burned, crushed, drowned, crushed and burned, gibbeted, drawn and quartered-"  
   "I get it, Willy. So the Gods tell you this? How is it you're here."   
   "I don't know. I don't remember any of it, but they swear it. Tell me not to talk about them. But how can I not? I talk to Gods!" He stood atop a rock and spun around like a thread weight. When he finished he took off running down the hill. 
"Say hi to your Gods next time you see 'em." Willy was a good kid, just touched.   
"Why?" he shouted back. "It's you they want."


It was hopeless. It took her years of painstaking advancement through social ranks, starting with little more than a village idiot, of taking three steps forward and two back, of cracking one glass ceiling after another just to arrange this meeting,  yet only one of the assembled feudal lords was listening and even his comprehension lefty much to be desired. Others were busy drinking, trying to feel up the maids or in one case furiously hollowing a piece of wood with a knife.



“So… you are saying this im.. imm.. immunizations can stave off another plague?” The lord sitting on her left asked, struggling with unfamiliar word.



“Loads of poppycock!” Interjected his peer opposite ”I wouldn't be surprised if those caused children to be born cretins!”



She threw a murderous glance towards the interloper, and sweet as before, returned to her target, desperately vying for an analogy he would comprehend.



“Imagine, that you have captured some warriors from a vanguard of an army invading from the east. They have weapons and armour like you have never seen before. Would you rather set them free, kill them, or put them in an arena to fight against your champions?” he was definitely interested now “It would be a risk for your soldiers, but your army would know what to expect, and how to fight a new enemy.”



His eyes lit up in comprehension.



“If you…”



But he wasn't given a chance to finish as a small projectile embedded itself in his neck. He stood up, nearly toppling the table. Bellowing in rage he reached for a dagger.



“Easy, brother, easy.” Laughed the man previously busy carving. “I have done that for your own good. See, as Elizabeth the Seer teaches, small portions of poison teach your body how to deal with real disease. So I've decided to immunize you against crossbow bolts.” He waved a miniature crossbow, he made just moments ago. “I reckon, that by the end of the month I should be able to shoot you with a proper bolt. Next month an iron tipped, and next year a ballista.”



The assembly erupted in a wave of laughter, and she knew all her work was for nothing. Sobbing, she ran out and didn't stop until she reached one of the huge iron pillars, surrounded by a sea of twisted, rusting wreckage.



She started crying openly, not only because of her failure, but because of what all of humanity lost in just a couple of centuries. She looked around, the ancient capital lain in ruins, magnificent buildings crumbled and replaced by wooden structures, overflowing Seine turning the terrain back into swampland. Only the ancient churches stood tall and proud, creating a painful dissonance with what was left of the pinnacle of human achievement.




****



High above an alien appendage relaxed and left the immediate vicinity of a kinetic strike activator. The ship's leader, who watched everything unfold through the eyes of a myriad of minuscule robots mimicking insects, wiped a sticky tear-analogue from his face; he genuinely felt for Elizabeth, and although he would cause her even more suffering before his mission was over, his soul shattered into a billion bruised pieces every time he had to cause harm.



He said a quick prayer to the Gods, both his and human, thanking for sparing what used to be Ile de France, back when he arrived for his scheduled rotation as mission coordinator. He sensed his crew's impatience, and began to issue orders in a soft and explanatory manner characteristic of his species.



“It went better than we could expect, but get the robots to apply a topical poison to the exact area where the projectile struck Lord Jean. Something that would make him rot alive, or maybe just bled out. They will be shocked, but they will only blame Elizabeth and her ideas.”



He paused, reminiscing how easy was to collapse the human civilization. No physical contact. No weapons. Just memetic viruses. Vaccines cause autism. Earth is flat. Jews are behind it. Jet fuel…



“Activate protection protocols on Elizabeth and all the others. Maximum prejudice, no need to stay secret. Before the year passes, she will be reviled as a witch, and all her ideas banned, our sage will be just like Baba Yaga from previous iteration. But for that we will have to keep her safe, and make sure she takes her medication.”



He wondered, what was she thinking, when one beautiful day she stopped aging, and even regained perfect health, while civilization crumbled all around. “I'm sorry…” he whispered.



“Now, please take us over Mr Harrison, and please prepare those angelic apparitions…”


"Dear, don't listen to her!"

I stood square and looked mom in the eye. "I will. She explained more of it and it all hangs together. She said we could *die*. I think we should at least… check it."

Mom took a deep breath and came around the table. "I had hoped she'd be able to hold her tongue around the kids. What a thing to obsess about! Lousy woman, not letting us handle things in our own time. Honey!"

Dad appeared momentarily. "Mmmm?"

Mom looked to me. "Would you repeat that for father?"

So I did, hesitantly.

Dad and Mom stared to each other for a moment. Then, Dad began the terrible secret of death: "Her concerns *were* real, and her solutions *were* good, once, long ago, well before we spread from our first planet…"


Ah old Miss Stevenson. Not getting sick when everyone has. She goes about washing her hands incessantly. She says you get worms in your intestines from standing barefoot in night soil, and the medicines with mercury should be avoided at all costs. I am among the first, but not the last to suspect that she might be onto something.

You see... she has suspicions about mercury despite its properties to be bad for you. She says worms come from your feet in night soil which are not exactly related. She washes her hands because she is guilty in her heart.

We know this because all of us have gotten sick from time to time, except Miss Stevenson. There is only one conclusion. She has caused the plight on our town and tonight we gather here, together, to show Miss Stevenson what we think of her and her ideas - she's a witch and has been harming our town. With the power vested in me as your mayor, we shall all watch as she hangs.


Yes, Madison came from our village. Well, not originally, she just wandered in one day in the strangest clothes. I was a boy then, and I didn't like playing with the others very much; I liked to poke around at the edges of town, search for elves and the like. It was just good luck I saw her first; Sun knows what Elder Mason would have done if he'd seen a woman wearing pants. And her name, too: she was obviously a daughter, not a son!

I was always so curious then, but she didn't have many answers. I was pretty sure she really didn't know where she was, or how she had come to be in the Kingdom of Hardin - well, that was what it was, in those days.

Fortunately for her, there was no shortage of land. Lord Falcon had called up a lot of men during the last war with the Kingdom of Darian, and of course they stayed together on the battlefield, trying to protect each other, and a wizard put a fireball right in the middle of the bunch from half a league away. So Lord Falcon had no problem with giving her land, as long as he got his forty percent of the harvest, and no one made any fuss about her being unmarried.

She became known as the "village idiot" pretty quickly. She was always coming around, asking the simplest questions about farming. Old Man Crandell thought she was joking at first, when she asked for seeds to plant an onion bush. And she had all sorts of arguments with the healer: everyone was laughing about her idea of boiling bandages before using them, and she kept saying that how we dealt with night soil was "un-sane-I-tarie", which no one could understand.

What really sealed it was when she actually started *arguing with Lord Falcon* during one of his visits! The last time someone had done that, his body had hung over the road for a month. She was saying that there had been no good reason for the war, that his taxes were too high - all of it true, of course, but you didn't say that sort of thing. He just leered at her and rode away.

I didn't see her for a couple of days after that. I was afraid that he'd had her killed, and I went to look for her in the one or two hours I had each day after the work was done. But she came back on the morning of the fourth day, walking slowly and painfully, with her feet unusually far apart. Anyway, after that, she utterly *hated* Lord Falcon, for reasons she would never quite explain.

Around then is also when she started hiding away in her house. My father ordered me not to talk with her, but even then I thought she was interesting. I'd see her go in and out with bags or boxes full of powders, or useless rocks, or charcoal from the charcoal burners out in the forest. After that started, she would not on any account have cooking fires in her house; even on chilly evenings, you would see her starting a fire out in the back, shivering violently. She was no good with fires either. Somehow she never caught sick though.

So being the "village idiot" was probably what kept her alive, actually. She'd made a right mess of her fields, and wouldn't have had enough to get through the winter even before the taxes.


He opened his old "Terra' save, only to find His delicately crafted creatures gone. The massive dinoasaurs He had so carefully curated were missing, and in their place were some sort of strange, fleshy, inefficient creatures with no badass tails. This, understandably, made God curious. He check the log of events, but the log went too far back for him to understand the fate of His prized virtual companions.

"What the hell?" God said. He wanted to know what happened, but He had no clue how to find out. So He created a new character. The game had evidently adjusted itself, as His old character, the Megalodon, was no longer available, and apparently He was forced into a small variety of starter classes. He chose the fleshy one, the one that was so unattractive and disgusting.

Strangely, He did not arrive at the character customization screen, but instead began in a manger, surrounded by NPCs of the same strange race. He didn't recognize any of the animals, they were all furry, not scaly.

The kind, dark face of a female NPC watched his character intently, looking for a sign. God accessed the source code, and saw that He didn't recognize the algorithms running in the entire world, let alone this one AI. The world He had created Himself had wrested itself away from Him.

God shrugged. He played through, and as He learned more about the new culture of these "humans," He learned more about how to enjoy Himself. This game, after all, was far more complex than the simple action game Terra used to be. He began to modify the source code to give His character admin powers.

He turned a stack of water into a stack of wine by using the mod window, then, ten minutes later, He rezzed an NPC he felt a particular affinity towards. His legend grew among the people of the game, and He began to call his character "Son of God." This infuriated some of the enemy NPCs, but He assumed that was the game trying to throw a challenge his way.

Little by little, God noticed that when he left his game, whenever he came back Son of God would change. The beard would grow, he would have gained more followers, made more enemies. The game appeared to be adapting to His frequent absence of controlling Son of God. This, while slightly disturbing to Him, didn't concern Him too much until the fateful day.

God had grown bored. There was no easy way to traverse outside of the starting area, and He quickly grew tired of the same landscape, over and over. He opened the mod window, and programmed one of Son of God's followers to have the new "betrayer" trait. Sure enough, Son of God was betrayed to the enemy NPCs.

God left the monitor, curious to see the outcome.

When He came back, Son of God was gruesomely pinned to a wooden cross. God was shocked, and observed the game with morbid curiosity. The game had decided on this awful punishment, without God's prompting. He sat back.

Then, Son of God looked at the monitor.

"Why, God, have you forsaken me?" he said, tears mixing with blood on his dirt covered face.

God, so shocked, turned off the computer.

He took three days before He gathered the courage to turn the computer back on. When He did, the Son of God character file had been deleted. Feeling merciful, God found the source code, and retrieved His character file. He had grown attached to these fleshy meat sacks, and wanted to see Son of God's story through. When Son of God awoke, he phased through the dungeon his corpse had died in. God watched as Son of God guided Himself through the world, giving news of his return and praising God for His mercy.

Then, when God felt it was time to go, He deleted Son of God's character file once more, and watched as the Son of God gave a bittersweet smile, and faded away.

God turned off the computer. He decided to come back in another 1,000 years, just to see what Terra could cook up next. Terra was a game to Him after all, not His priority.



----------


Hey guys, if you liked this enough that you want to read more of my work, check out www.willswritingprompts.blogspot.com, where I archive all of my favorite writing prompts, especially ones without this much attention. Thanks!


"Ah hell what is this nonsense?" I bellow out as the unfamiliar sight suddenly appears before me. My prior work, the dinosaurs, were nowhere to be found and the land masses had shifted drastically too. The climate was different, new oceans had formed, nothing remained of what I had spent a fair bit of time on.

A heavy sigh escapes. I can't help but show my annoyance in a desperate attempt to mask the true confusion of what I'm seeing. 

"Oh don't tell me..." Suddenly I realize Earth wasn't the only part of this little game I had been playing but also-

A few flicks of my wrist and there it was, Mars, the lifeless rock that was a former husk of the thriving world I last saw. "Son of a bitch!" My voice booms through the void and I cast my gaze upwards trying to regain some sort of composure. "Guess I don't need a dinosaur paradise planet if there aren't any more dinosaurs..." I grumble to myself bringing Earth back into view.

Leaning forward I try to get a better view of this new life form which has become the dominant species across the entire planet. However each time I start to focus on any one spot something seems to pass by, like a tiny spec I can't help but notice and becomes impossible to ignore won't you see it. First there is one, then another, and another. Before too long I realize the planet is has hundreds of these things flying all around it.

Bringing the view in closer I can finally see exactly what I'm dealing with when it all starts to come back to me.

I had fallen into a bit of a depression for a long time. My career started off with a hell of a bang but I never had anything else to follow it up with. I had a few things going but nothing panned out and before too long I was focusing on just two planets; one a perfect paradise for my creations to live out their days and the other a testing ground to see what I could come up with. 

During this time I kept to myself, pulled away from family, sent my own son, and just became obsessed with my work until I kind of burned myself out and had to take a break. Completely spaced I left the real time clock running with the auto save feature. 

This entire time everything had been running on autopilot with zero guidance from me beyond using my likeness for the basic design.

"Why would I make them just like me?!" I bemoan this development really wishing I still had the giant feathered lizards instead of small weak versions of myself "Do I seriously seem so up my own ass I'd make a planet full of mini versions of myself?" I ask the simulation knowing full well it can't and won't respond.

Upon closer inspection I realize how self centered these beings are and living lives where their actions only make the world worse around them. Rubbing my temples I try to think about what I can to fix this but realize there's nothing much I can do...

Well that is unless I wanted to start over.

A few moments in the options menu shows me everything I need and with a few quick changes the temperatures around the world start to ever so slowly rise. I set a timer for a couple hundred years and decide to get myself something to eat before I watch a video. By the time that's over and I finish whatever I whip up the human situation should be all sorted out thanks to global warming. 

"Maybe this time I'll make the dinosaurs breath fire, that seemed like a pretty cool idea." Thinking out loud I wander off leaving Earth to slowly drown and burn all at the same time.


God was bored. Yet again. He decided to load up an old save on one of his favorite reality games called 'creation ; game of the year edition'. He loaded up his old file named giant lizard rampage planet and began looking for some of his favorite creations. He knew that in this game the clock would keep running and things could change and evolve on their own but what he saw would have shocked him if he were still capable of being shocked by anything at all.

"Holy shit what do we have here?" God barely managed to choke out without spewing his delicious ambrosia with extra cream and sugar down the front of his robes. "It looks like I've been away for waay longer than I thought. Where the hell are my t rexs? I spent forever on those." he complained. 

God had really taken his time on this file. Really put his creativity and elbow grease into making these giant death lizards but instead of seeing his huge, scaly killing machines there were nothing but weak tiny apes as far as the eye could see. God had spawned on one of his favorite areas in the game. A place he liked to call "shit-hole swamp" where some of his biggest meanest creations came to battle and screw. God spent many an evening watching giant lizards kill each other and screw each other, in that order, and even an all powerful immortal creator of the heavens and earth doesn't enjoy change he didnt bring about. 

"This wont do at all" God mumbled as he loaded up his map and a log of the activity that occurred while he was away. "What the hell is a New York? I dont even know where old York is" he said as he began digging through the event log. 
"Motherfucking meteor random event. Son of a bitch. Of all the save files that shit had to happen to it happens to my precious murder lizards. Now I have this stupid file swarming with some kind of apes the behave like ants. Hold up . . . " God said as an alert indicating a battle taking place caught his attention. 

Far down below two men heavily armed and armored burst into the busy street in front of a bank firing at police and SWAT officers. The officers returned fire but none of it penetrated the two men's armor. 

"Fuck you all! If Im going to hell Im bringing all of you with me!" the taller of the two men yelled at the top of his lungs as he lit the fuse to a pipe bomb and threw it into a several law enforcement vehicles being used as cover by the police. Moments later there was a huge explosion and God knew that several ant monkeys had just perished. 

God pressed pause. "Maybe these ant apes, as I call them, can be entertaining after all. Also I need to look into this Hell place that monkey mentioned." He said as he searched for his second favorite type of alerts.  There were many results. "Looks like they are proficient in screwing as well as battling each other for no good reason. Maybe even better than my murder lizards. Maybe shit hole swamp hasn't changed that much after all. And to think I was about to reset this file. I can always reset it to my primordial ooze save tomorrow if these lil monkeys start to bore me." God said as he pressed unpause and zoomed into some strange orgy where the participants were dressed up as odd animals that must have come into existence while he was playing outside, after his precious death lizards were killed. "Hahaha their screwing is definitely more entertaining than those enormous legged snakes I made." God said as he loaded his save to rename the file.
He edited it to say:
Hairless Ape Planet, Formerly Giant Lizard Planet.


This is the first and only writing prompt/fictional writing I have ever done.


**|   Anyone remember the old Adapt! Series? Amazing new glitch found??  |**

&nbsp; 

[EDIT]:

I didn't expect this to get so much attention, even from non-Adapt! players! For some clarity for non-players, let me elaborate on the Adapt! series.

The Adapt! series was a game for old 'QuantGame' systems that came out about 20 years ago, which used one of those old Quantum reality systems to generate some basic facsimile of the universe, then populate one of the planets in the universe with creatures generated using some basic 'Evolve' nonsense algorithm.

You could then 'adapt' these creatures with attributes to allow them to survive and min-max their population, deadliness, survivability, etc. Kids back then would usually pick a few favorites and then "duel" their creatures with other kids creatures.  I know it sounds super dumb now but it used to be real popular when these Quantum systems were all the rage.

[EDIT 2]:

I've been asked to elaborate on what I mean by QPE/"Quantum Point Errors", well the old QuantGame systems and the such were pretty basic when it came to their calculation accuracies, only to a few trillion points of accuracy, which meant sometimes in the earlier games, the generation would sometimes bodge a few checks, like a "volcano" too big, or gravitation errors, you get the idea. 

This often ended in save game wiping as these "freak" events would change the world's environment to kill all your creatures in under 1000 generations, and as the limitation of the memory at the time, the simulation had to constantly be run, if only in miniscule timescale. It sucked but hey that was the technology at the time.

Ok, back onto the original post:

[POST]:

Guys!! You'd not believe the creatures my Adapt! 2 Save!! 

Ok, some quick background. My brother and I were drinking the other night and reminiscing about the games of our childhood, and the this game series cropped up as one of favorites. He actually had his system on hand, and so showed me his current save, which was some odd spore-like creature, and SWORE to me that his save could beat mine, and obviously I'd be doing a disservice to my childhood toils if I didn't defend myself, which led to us digging out my old handhold in his attic.

So I've not touched this thing in YEARS, and pulling it out and seeing the "SAVE GAME QUANTUM POINT WARNING" flash on the save was upsetting, considering the hours I've put into my save, but hell, I thought I'd give it a look anyway, I've never seen the world-view from after a QPE.

Looking at the overworld status, I kinda saw something out of place, the species count was at 8.7 million, which I'm fairly sure (Please tell me if I'm wrong!) has never happened after a major QPE. So obviously I'm curious, the hulking bipedal creatures I had made were fairly good contenders and I had to see if they by some miracle had survived. I go look at the active species list and ALL my favorites had died ;-; , however the other creatures had been automatically been evolving using the game's base algorithm, and they're crazy! A lot of them are flat out weird statistically, but one really caught my eye and WOW I've never seen anything like it!

The game has dubbed them "Humans" and they're these small, 5'11 bipeds with 2 decent mandibles. Physically, they're kinda pathetic, I can't believe THIS was now the most dominant species, never mind at a population of 8 BILLION. (I swear I must have caught them before they start dying off because there's no fucking way you can have 8 BILLION creatures at that size without destroying your own planet, right??)

So I'm even more perplexed, and I decide to switch to the world-view and you really have to see this to believe it. (There's hopefully some screenshots attached to this post) There these huge complexes I can only assume the Human colonies have produced, like giant hives all over the planet, so this is clearly weird, and I zoom in on one of the Humans, and they're using a metallic prong of sorts to consume something? I'm not sure what's happening here but I don't think I've ever heard of a creature using tools?

Anyway, that's all for now, me and my brother are still looking it over (I've attached a save game below for you guys to see), if anyone could tell me if they've ever seen anything like this, please tell me!


Frigging patched in, in-game events.
Out of all the things to introduce, like a new world or PVP, they instead rebalanced the game so you have to play as these feeble fleshbags called "humans". apparently, 65 million years prior, they drop a goddamn asteroid on you that rebalances the game in their favor, making it impossible for the awesome towering reptiles you made to survive. the devs insist that you can definitely continue as the dinosaurs if you know what you're doing. Bullshit. the food chain is fucked on top of nuclear winter and an atmosphere of dust, but sure, let me bust my ass so the crocodiles can make it out and be a perpetual reminder of what the game was clearly building up to before this.

I lean back in my chair and ponder on what to do next. it's either this or watching that godawful Cthulhu day time talk show with my mom. And seeing as how I vowed to end all existence if I ever had to see another eldritch abomination pander to shrieking  housewife's, the choice is pretty clear. I lean forward, pull my chair in and see what the mess has to offer.

Well, this is unplayable, these bastards are useless. Shit stats outside of stamina, which, given their vulnerability to fucking everything, means nothing, only live like 30 years anyway and to top it all off, can't stop killing each other for no reason. Thanks devs, giving up my T Rexs was worth it for the epic showdown of man with rock vs man with stick.

Wait, hold on, I have an idea...

20 minutes I sit back and admire my handiwork. Finally got a religion up and running and boy, is it a doozy. it's got this massive list of rules on procreation, promises eternal hellfire and ironic punishment for displeasing me in any way and says you have to love and praise me forever to even hope to get anything out of the deal. I even downloaded a picture of myself into the game so they know just what the almighty looks. Granted it didn't render well. Or at all, really. so I ended up just picking a random character portrait for the job, let people come to their decisions on what I'm supposed to look like. Anyways, I sat back and waited for the AI to go crazy trying to make this bullshit work.

Problem was their solution generally wasn't to go crazy. at least not in a particularly funny way. I mean there were some things that were funny like them whipping themselves to somehow cure disease. that got a laugh. but for the most part, their default reaction to being challenged about their faith in me was kill. as in kill everyone and anyone remotely associated with questioning their beliefs. At first I was somewhat bemused by their insane knee jerk slaughter of everything, then bored, then after actually giving the situation some thought, disturbed.

I was ready to throw in the towel when they finally got their shit together. Started doing science, writing philosophy, building new societies based around new technologies that ran on something called fossil fuels. Which reminds me, I should look up what is in the glossary...

OH YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!


It had been so long, I couldn’t even remember the name of the save file. There were a few experiments that could be interesting to revisit but I had a particular one in mind. After sifting through a series of unsuccessful saves filled with barren mountains and drowned continents, I stumbled upon it. 

When I had left, life had seemed to reach its natural end. I had become bored and nuked the planet. All that hard work, crafting and nudging, pushing and priming, just to destroy it all after a long day. It had been satisfying watching everything crumble. I set the timer to continue in my absence, and then left it. That was millions of years ago. 

A dark shadow of a planet rotated on my screen, as I had left it. A prompt appeared asking if I wanted to watch a recap or skip to the present. *Surprise me,* I clicked confidently. Lights blossomed on my screen. The once dark shadow was luminous. A few areas remained dark. I rolled over the planet and a window popped up giving me a brief overview. Mostly sedimentary rock, large bodies of fresh and saltwater, much less vegetation than I had expected, volcanoes, earthquake lines, all the good stuff. I picked as good a continent to zoom in on as any and double clicked. The lights seemed concentrated on what looked to be coastlines. They also seemed to be random, or at least not in an order I could place. I chose the West coast, as it had slightly less light patterns to decipher than the East. Maybe I could make sense of this. 

As the program moved forwards, I realized that the landscape had been modified outside of my programing. Forests weren’t where they should have been, wetlands weren’t showing the usual stats. I hadn’t waited to see the affects of my tantrum, but I knew it couldn’t have ruined the program so entirely. Just a tsunami or so, I’d figured. This was beyond that. Swaths of land were gridded in a pattern I’d purposefully coded against. Why would I want mono-cultures of plants in slabs? I winced at the aesthetics. Maybe a code issue after all. The program could have just repeated the same crop over and over, glitched out. Even still, I’d have expected to see more variety.

As I got closer, it got worse. There were pockets of heat flaring up on my sensors. The UI could barely give me the detail needed to see where the heat was coming from or to isolate it. I could see, however, just at a glance, that it was related to these tall spires. I pulled the angle down so I could see the side of the spires. They seemed to be a heat-trapping compound, similar to when water seeped into the sediment granules and oxidized. This, again, was too uniform. I pulled back out, turned the light UI off, and focused on the heat. The whole planet was off. The oceans were much warmer than they should have been, dead-zones where I would have expected to see life indicators. In fact, the whole thing seemed off. Perhaps the lights themselves were glitches and had spurred all of this. 

I sighed in frustration. I had hoped coming back to this save that something interesting and unique had manifested. Instead, it seemed order had prevailed. My randomization meter must have fluxed with the tantrum. I felt tricked. At first the lights seemed to be random, interesting. But on further inspection, and additional overlays, they correlated with life and heat indicators. Just a frustrating glitch manifesting.

I opened the task manager.

*Delete Save File?*

I hesitated. Sure this experiment had been disappointing to say the least. But maybe if I took a look at the code and removed the glitch, it could be salvaged. Not today, in any case. But one day.

*Save Game*

I clicked, and closed, knowing that the planet would be waiting if I ever decided to come back. Maybe I would. It could do with a little chaos. 

---

I know I'm a little late to the game, but I thought I would submit anyway! Thanks for the interesting prompt :)


***Loading...***

'This was taking a lot longer than the last time', God thought. 'I wonder what has happened, glad I loaded that "Time never stops" mod.'

God got up from his workstation and went to make himself a drink. Coming back he noticed the holographic interface full of strange geometric shapes amidst the variety of nature. “What strange creatures have evolved since last time I loaded up?” He said to himself, “What’s happened to the beasts I nurtured before.” 

As God scrolled around the world he noticed the occasional flying creature, apparently made of metal, whizz by at incredible altitudes for living beings.

“What a strange world has evolved here. I’m going to take a closer look.” God parted his palms and felt that slight disorientation of rushing towards the ground at hundreds of miles per hour, without the sensation accompanying it, that came with this program. After a split-second God had oriented himself. The first time he had done that he had fallen over backwards and to his surprise he saw a being that looked like himself, performing an almost identical movement with his palms. This being did fall over however, and God chuckled. “NOOB” he thought.

Then it dawned on him. THESE were the creatures of the world, not the Geometric shapes, not the metal flying creatures. Everything was still flesh, just not his giant scaled beasts anymore. The man he saw fall over stood up, then pulled a part of his head off! No, wait, that was just some technology. “They have advanced tools!” he thought.

God quickly scanned the logs of the file and to his dssapointment saw that his ‘Dinosaurs’ as the modern creatures called them were completely wiped out. Sure a couple of the lesser versions had survived through whatever had happened to them alligators and the like. And tiny dinosaurs still existed - Lizards apparently. But no big old monsters. God frowned, “hmm” he thought. “I think it’s time to fix that…”

God located an old creature file he had previously made ready to use against another if he ever decided to go multiplayer on this world, always a danger as that makes every change permanent. 

“Now where should i try this guy out. If i remember correctly he was huuuge.” God pulled up the console:

...Loading…

***Tokyo***

:/
God typed in, Load: Godzilla!


So I called the credit-card company. 

-- "Oh, hello, my name is Almighty... Yes, yes, God the Almighty. See, I have a complain about an entry on my credit card balance that I don't seem to recognize.... Uh, it has the id bs-1mr and it is costing me 11 cents every month but I have no idea what this... What? that id is for the Brainstorm company?... boy... yes, yes, I'm still here, sorry, I spaced out for a momment. Really old memories... No, no, it is ok, thanks for the information".

I hung up a little mesmerized. BRAINSTORM, really? A long time ago I was a real sucker for their product, an online simulation that was incredibly fun not to say absolutely addictive called Worldcraft. 

Simply put, you could create an entire world down to the tiniest details. I used to spend days and nights on the thing.
 
Then my account got hacked. 

When you are hacked the guys usually sell your stuff and transfer the credits to their account. That's a bummer, but you can recover all (or at least almost all) of everything with a call to the support channel. It happened to a friend of mine and she not only recovered everything but Brainstorm also gave her some cool stuff from their online shop. Those guys were great.

But I wasn't so lucky. The person that hacked into my account was pretty nasty. Instead of selling my stuff, no, he (or she) destroyed everything, simple as that. 

"How do you destroy a planet", you ask, "is there a delete button or something?" Yes, there is a delete button, which I hoped the guy used because I would then call support and they would recover my planet from the logs. Nopes, this guy was cunning. He -- or she -- used a cataclysm to wipe out everything on my planet, a meteor impact or something like that. It was... unrecoverable.

Now, picture this, at that time I was grounded for an entire week -- don't ask, this is a matter for another day -- and was suffocating my anger by furiously playing online. And mostly playing Worldcraft. I became so obsessed with it that I used to sleep over the keyboard sometimes, and there were days that I only got up from my chair to go to the bathroom. I smelled, I looked frantic and responded erratically when people called me at the door. It was seven days straight without leaving the computer and when came sunday, I was really, really tired.

But it was worth it. I had created the perfect world, completely balanced. And populated it with the most amazing creatures I could imagine. 

As any teenager out there, I modeled then after myself, of course. Obviously I changed just a bit here and there, not to make it that blattant. Four limbs instead of eight, for example. Or just a pair of eyes. No wings (well, I left the wings in some of then), no armor... ok, ok, as you can see I went a little overboard sometimes, but I was just being creative, bite me. 

I left the tail in, for instance. And of course they layed eggs. And ovbsiously they fed on each other, as it should be. And the roar! I simply loved when they roared! It gave you an urge to run away like a little girl!

But what made me more proud was how balanced everything was. In the majority of those simulations, it runs for a while then one species takes over, and after some time runnning the species dominates the planet and exhausts its resources. The planet dies. The end. It is really chalenging to create a system that can go on forever, simulation-wise. Brainstorm used to have a Worldcraft competition with hefty prizes for the most balanced simulations, and after seven days working on it, I thought I had a winner. The balance was perfect.

Imagine my surprise when I turned the computer on after a long recovery sleep, and it was all gone. All. Gone. My precious tiny creatures had been simply wiped out off their earth and a dense cloud of debris covered everything. I just couldn't understand what was going on and it took me a while to figure out that it wasn't something I did. I became suspicious when I noticed that there was an entry in the log saying that I was on line a few hours earlier but at that time I was sound asleep, that I was completely sure. 

So, it wasn't me. But who was it then? My sister knew she couldn't go onto my stuff, so I ruled her out. I called a few friends to whom I had given my account credencials (we were buddies, what can I say?), but none of then took the blame. I called my history teacher, who also played and knew everything about the game, and, surprise, he had been hacked also. Something really weird was going on. It seemed someone was hacking onto the more balanced simulations and destroying then in a way that could not be recovered, but why? It became a big scandal and Brainstorm lost most of their player base. And no culprit was ever found, ever, despite all the investigations that followed. 

The hacker destroyed countless planets and vanished from the face of the online world. Lucky for him -- or her -- because millions of players felt nothing but hatred for the guy. Or gal. 

Me, I was simply sad for losing my precious creation after so much work. I still think about my little creatures, sometimes, oh, so fierce!   

In the end I simply canceled my account -- or at least I thought I did -- and moved on with other games, and life, and stuff (I got married in the mean time, oohoo, big guy now!).

But after this morning phone call, after finding out they are still billing me, after all this time? Instead of pissing me off, a wave of nostalgia took over me, like a faint smile. 

Who knows, maybe my old account is active still? And if so, what if my world is still out there? After so many years, maybe the planet has recovered! What if I can sit down on the computer and tweak the simulation as I used to and change parameters, classes, stats, environments? It was so fun!

Hey, what if I can make my tiny creatures arise again?


It’s 2017 when God finally returns to Earth after battling the cosmic horror estate agents from dimension 32. Unwitnessed, except for a few soon to be confused birds, God manifests on a mountain as it’s favourite form, the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 

Tentacles of fibrous spaghetti snakes out through the physical world and the ethereal and information begins to flow. News reports, papers, books, Reddit and twitter is all consumed by Gods intellect. 

A orange, racist and misogynistic fool sits in the White House. Europe is in the grip of nationalism and on the verge of falling apart. The fat little joker in North Korea is hugging one of his missiles. Naked. 

Everywhere God turns there I’d selfishness and cruelty. The violence and horror humans inflict on everyone and everything around them is too much. God can feel the anger, and welcomes it. The air around it sizzles and simmer with heat. Tentacles goes from beige to black. God picks a now blacked meatball from it self and sets it down on the mountain top. 

God disappears. 

The blacker than black meatball expands slowly at first, almost as it is not certain this is what needs to be done. A spaghetti tentacle appears out of thin air and gives the meatball a mighty thwack and all doubt now forgotten the black hole meatball grows and grows and grows, devouring everything and everyone.  

“BG assholes!”, splutters God.


So apparently the universe is full of unconscious souls usually divided by planet. There is a god to each dimension. Or at least there should be.

Because of the infinite dimensions that exist some gods have self terminated out or boredom or moved to another dimension. Apparently my dimension had a god that did one of those. I wasnt really told. The Lobby chooses a random soul after a god is missing a whole cycle aka big bang, expansion, entropy, nothingness and repeat. I was the lucky soul. When I asked for a manual or something to get me familiar with what I have to do someone just gave me a book thick as my head with just the words "go nuts" written in it over and over.

I don't know if my soul came from a planet with sentient life forms or not, all that was erased so that the newbies could do anything without prejudice. I don't even have a name. Noone here does. Not even the veterans. All we have are nicknames given by our peers. As a young god I don' have one yet. 

Brief explanation on the Lobby first before we get to the real problem. It exists out of space and time so you can see groups of the same god playing cards all from different points of their respectable timelines. It's a pretty cool place but sadly a lot of the vets have gone insane or have terminated themselves. I would call it Paradox city, where the grass is insanity and the girls are their own grandmothers.

I'm rambling again here. So I was chosen to start pretty early into the life cycle of the universe. I had some fun, got some ideas from other vets who had a similar universe to mine that hadn't gone crazy yet. They showed me how to paint with galaxies, which is putting multipke galaxies on a collision course with eachother and waiting bilions of years to see what new comes from it. I did some dotwork with stars as well. I even found out how to make space sing but that was too eerie for me.

So a bit of time later i got to this planet that was just a huge landmass. Why not but lets give them a push so they start moving. I bet they start to look beautiful in millions of years. I am truly an artistic soul I feel. Maybe that will be my nickname? I wouldn't know as noone will tell me about my future self nor my predacessor. Weird.

I am not usually one to just create. I let the universe create for me. I just gently blow at the brush on its canvas to give it a general direction. All it took was some space debris, underwater minerals and hot areas. Life was beginning. I couldn't wait to see what this planet makes. I have done this before.on many different planets with differing qualities and traits. 

To waste time I put the speed up on the universe and played some chess with a god whose dimension has no logical thinking. I will admit I just like feeling smart sometimes. I go back after a few gamea and what the fuck do I see. Those little tiny things turned into the best mounts ever. I even had a BBQ with some friends. One of them grew horns. That is way too awesome. 

So i fast forward a bit more and after a few more games of chess I return hoping to find the lizards bigger than before. Maybe even talking. Now imagine my surprise when instead i found some little pink monkeys instead. All they do is fornicate and ecerything they do is to fornicate more. I get that sure. Moat organic life doea that just to reproduce. But no. They made whole societies and fights for land just to fornicate with more people. 

I get why noone tells me about the god before me or about my future self. They spared me the embarrasement. So here I am leaving you humans a message: "What is your fucking problem?"


First post on here, wrote on my phone at a bar


Thomas knew Saint Lucia’s Psychiatric Hospital was old, but he thought it just gave the place a certain charm. The vines that crawled their way up the cracked brick and stone gave the building an almost enchanting air. The ancient looking statues in the front yard were discolored and stained by age but Thomas thought it made them more interesting.
 
He’d probably have admired it more if he wasn’t so nervous.
 
Thomas had never really told anyone about his ‘issue’. It had started to manifest when he was twenty, just a few weeks after his birthday. He’s gotten up to get a drink of water and had seen his long dead grandmother strolling the halls of his house.
 
That he could’ve chalked up to a dream. And he did.
 
But it kept happening, and with people he didn’t know. It had gotten so bad, he’d started thinking some of the people were real. Alive.
 
If he heard “Hey, who are you talking to?” one more time, he was going to lose it – if he hadn’t already.
 
There were a few people milling about in the front of Saint Lucia’s, but they didn’t acknowledge Thomas much. One gave him a sidelong glance, but quickly returned to picking flowers from the bushes.
 
Even the front desk lady needed a cough or to before she looked up to Thomas. “Can I help you?”
 
“I-“ Thomas paused. He felt stupid. “I’d like to check myself in.”
 
The woman raised an eyebrow. “We don’t get that often. Name?”
 
“Thomas McNe.”
 
“Hm, yup. Alright, there’s some paperwork I need you to fill out.”
 
“Of course.”
 
Thomas followed the woman into a side room. It looked like something directly out of the 60s, but considering that when a lot of these places were built, Thomas didn’t think much of it.
 
He took a seat in one of the bright orange chairs. The woman handed him the stack of papers.
 
“Just bring them back up when you’re done.”
 
Thomas nodded. A lot of the packet were questions; questions about him and his life. Writing out things he’d been so careful to avoid speaking out was… cathartic. All the earlier nervousness faded. Thomas felt good. It wasn’t until the third page that he noticed the year stamped at the top of the pages.
 
*1987?*
 
Thomas almost laughed. This place was really going for that old style aesthetic.
 
When he finished, he returned to the front desk. “You might want to think about getting new stationary.”
 
The front desk woman nodded absently. “Oh yeah?”
 
“It says the year is still 1987.”
 
“What a surprise.”
 
Thomas frowned. *She’s not very friendly, now is she?*
 
“Well, you’re in luck. We’ve got a few open rooms. Do you need someone to bring your things?”
 
“Nope.” Thomas pointed to his backpack. “I’ve got all I need.”
 
The woman hummed, grabbed a key from the wall, and waved for Thomas to follow.
 
As they ascended to the higher floors, Thomas was surprised at how dirty the whole place was. The walls were stained black with dirty hand prints and the floor was covered in dust. Piles of used cups and plastic bags had been swept into the corners.
 
Thomas suddenly felt less sure he was in the right place.

The hallways were a little cleaner. A patient and nurse glanced his way as he passed. Neither spoke, just continued to stare.

Thomas waved.

Both turned away.
 
“Here’s where you’ll be staying.” The woman pushed open the door to the room labelled 346. “A nurse will come by to show you around and give you the schedule and rules. You aren’t on any medication, are you?”
 
Thomas shook his head.
 
“Get settled in, then.”
 
Tossing his backpack on the bed, Thomas turned to the large single window in his room. It was, thankfully, one of the unbroken ones. The view overlooked the courtyard and Thomas breathed a sigh of relief. Sure, the place was a little dirty, but it wasn’t like he could complain. There weren’t many psychiatric hospitals around here and Thomas didn’t have the means to move. He was lucky to find this one and, in the end, his sanity was more important than being picky about hand prints and a few dusty steps.
 
Besides, his room was clean enough.
 
Thomas finished unpacking and then waited around in his room for the nurse to show up.
 
Ten minutes.
 
Thirty minutes.
 
An hour.
 
Thomas was growing restless. *Did they forget I was here?* He *had* just showed up. He peeked out into the hallway and saw nothing but the tile floors.
 
Unable to sit still anymore, Thomas opened the door and wandered out into the hallway. “Hello?”
 
Silence.
 
Thomas suddenly felt his blood run cold. This place hadn't been so quiet when he’d first walked through. Even if it was just the sound of the patrolling nurses’ footsteps or opening and closing doors. But now it was silent.
 
Dead silent.
 
Thomas moved to the end of the hall, trying to see into the other rooms. Unfortunately, the glass had clouded over and he couldn’t see a thing. He knocked on a few, but got no response. *I’ll go check with the front desk.*
 
But when Thomas reached the top of the stairs, he looked down and froze. His heart thundered in his ears. “No.”
 
There was only one set of footprints in the dust.


Michael looked around the room; paint peeled off the walls as if trying to escape, dust settled like dunes on the floor and spiders fought against each other fiercely as they vied for food in the upper corners. 

"Jesus, I shouldn't even be here. Shouldn't even be talking to someone like you," Michael muttered frantically.

"Settle down, herr Smitt. I think it will be more comfortable for you lying on the seat," Professor Adalgar said, as his circular framed spectacles began to crawl down his nose.

Michael nodded, lying back on the chaise longue. It was bumpy and uneven; hardly a surprise given that its stuffing was leaking out of it as if were a solider in the Somme.

"Why did you come here, herr Smitt?"

"Smith. *Mr* Smith."

"Very well. We play it your way. Why did you come here *Mr Smith?* You booked yourself in -- that is highly irregular. And to see *me*, of all people."

"I've... I've got issues. And I've been looking for someone like you to help me with them for a long time, doc."

"*Professor.* See, I can be, how do you say, *pernickety,* too."

"Yeah. Okay. I get it."

"What issues do you believe you have?" The doctor poked at his glasses with a long, skinny finger, chasing them back up his nose.

"I see things I shouldn't. You know, things I have no right to."

"Oh? That is most interesting. And these things, what do you see exactly? Elaborate for me."

"I told ya. Things I shouldn't. People I shouldn't."

"Ah... the *supernatural?* Is that what you mean?"

Michael shrugged. "Sure. I guess."

Professor Adalgar prodded his notepad with his pen. "And seeing them, it makes you scared, ja?"

"No," said Michael, clenching his teeth. "No, not scared at all. It makes me mad."

"Why?"

"What right do they have to be here! What right do they have to torment me?"

"You were a solider, were you not?"

"Yeah. I was."

"You must have known a lot of people that died. Friends, even."

"... yeah."

"Could these beings, perhaps, be a manifestation of your inner need for a changed truth?"

"I- I don't follow."

"Perhaps you are jealous of them."

"Jealous?"

"Perhaps you believe it isn't them that shouldn't be here, but it is *you* that shouldn't."

"Oh."

"Oh?"

Michael scratched his chin. "I mean, maybe you're onto something. Maybe."

"Tell me about your father. What did he do for a living, when you were growing up?"

Michael sighed. "He was a good guy, I guess. Just a reg-"

There was a noise; the sound of a nearby door opening. Michael bolted upright. "Did you hear that, doc?"

The professor frowned. "I did not. What did you hear, Michael? What agitated you?"

"Sh!" he hissed, raising a finger to his lips. "*Footsteps.* They're coming closer!"

Michael reached into his jacket and pulled out his knife. "Stay still!" he whispered to the doctor. He got to his feet and crept behind the door. "*Just stay still. I'll handle this.*"

The door creaked open; a blond haired man walked through, a camera dangling around his neck. The man's mouth dropped open as he saw the doctor hovering above his chair.  

"Holy... *I knew it!*" cried the blonde man triumphantly. "Mary mother of God, I knew it! I knew there were spirits in this place!" He fumbled with his camera, eventually raising it up with trembling hands. "Buddy, you're going to be the proof I've-"

The door suddenly slammed shut behind him. 

The man turned to see a figure dressed in an ancient, army outfit, with a hole running fully through his chest.

In the ghost's hand was a trench knife.

The blond man screamed as Lieutenant Michael Smith stepped forward and plunged the weapon into his neck.

---

/r/nickofnight


If this had been the first time Richard Tenter sought help, he would surely have turned away. The gates were crusted over with rust, the grounds were awash with leaves felled by autumn’s vengeance, and of the twenty, thirty windows which adorned this side of Mount Hope, only one still flickered with light from a determined candle. The mental institution may have come highly recommended by the last psychiatrist he had seen, but it surely had seen better days.

But the drowning clutch at any straw which float their way. Richard parked his car, hopped over the fence, and wandered through the halls until he found the room he was looking for. He briefly dwelled on the fact that there were no other patients he could see, but the prospect of being healed was too tantalizing for him to hesitate. 

Richard knocked, waited a respectful moment, then walked in.

“Please, have a seat,” said the doctor. He appeared to be in his thirties, still trim and lean around the middle, but he exuded a commanding presence which comforted Richard. He was flanked by a female nurse, herself similarly energetic and alert. “I’m Doctor Farrer, and this is Nurse Heather, she will be assisting me today.”

With the rehearsed execution of a hypochondriac, Richard recited the relevant features of his medical history, and with formalities out of the way, dove headfirst into the crux of his ailment. “I need your help, doctor. I… I think I may have killed my daughter.”

“What do you mean?” asked Doctor Farrer, the nib of his pen hovering in the air, unsure of the path it needed to take on the notepad.

Richard retrieved a notebook from his jacket and slid it across the table. It was well-made, with a reinforced spine and treated leather exterior, but the pages within had been referenced so many times that the pulp had long yellowed and curled.  

“I was leaving for work, like any other morning. I was almost out of the driveway when I remembered the reports I had left on my dresser. I reversed, and I felt a bump, a small one. I thought I had hit the pillar, perhaps angled my car wrongly, but then I heard my wife scream.”

“You hit your daughter? You didn’t see her?” asked Nurse Heather, piping in.

“She was four, and I had no idea she had run out to see me off,” Richard said. “She had never done that before. There was nothing I could do for her. I drove to the hospital myself, forced my wife to carry her, but the doctors there… ‘injuries incompatible with life’, they said.”

“And you would like help with… dealing with that?” asked Doctor Farrer. “I’m very sorry for your loss, but you should understand, that’s not what we deal with here. We aren’t grief counsellors, what we do actually is-” 

“I know what you do,” Richard said. “You deal with loonies. And that’s why I’m here, because that’s what I am.”

Richard flipped through the notebook, past the pages where he had neatly pasted pictures of his family, across the newspaper cut-outs of his trial and sentencing, to the discharge slip the correction centre issued him. “My problem began here, doctor. I returned home after eight years, by myself of course, my wife ha- sorry, ex-wife had moved out of state by then. I thought to say a prayer before I sold the place, just to tell my daughter again I was sorry, but at that same driveway, at that very spot… little Betty came toddling out again, like she had all those years ago.”

“Your daughter? The same one you… injured?”

“Yes, my Betty. The same bushy locks, the same satisfied grin. I thought I had gone mad, doctor. But she was real, she had weight in my arms, she laughed when I tickled her, and she squealed when I hugged her too tightly. I had thought I had no more tears to yield, but I cried there like the day I was born.”

“Tell me,” said Doctor Farrer, as he leaned back in his chair, a frown knitted on his brows. “Do you or do you not think that is… normal? That your Betty was somehow still there, waiting for you?” 

“Oh, it is completely insane,” said Richard. “I picked up on it fast enough. For one, Betty was the exact same age she was, whereas a full eight years had taken its toll on me. No one else could see her, and she neither wanted for food or water, just my company. That leaves me with only one possibility, doctor. And that is where I’m here, to see you.”

“To be clear,” said Doctor Farrer, “are you seeking medical help because you want to… *stop* seeing Betty? You do know that if I treat you, and you are cured, then Betty… will go away?”

Richard smiled, and his voice trembled as the brimming droplets marked their path down his cheeks. “I know in my heart I hurt her, Doctor Farrer. And I feel that… seeing Betty there like that, all safe and happy… it makes me feel like I’ve cheated, I think. I don’t deserve to still have her in my life. And I’m worried too. What if whatever I have gets worse? I need help, please.” 

Doctor Farrer twirled his pen for a moment, lost in thought. “I’ll tell you what you have,” said Doctor Farrer eventually. “It is plain enough to see. You have not truly, *truly* moved on, Richard. Betty only manifests to you because there is a weight you carry around, deep inside. I will not prescribe any medication for you, indeed you should not spend a single night here. Instead, I will write down for you five steps you need to take. They are going to be the largest, most difficult steps you have ever taken, but keep at it, and eventually you will arrive at a place you could not imagine.”

“Where’s that,” asked Richard, a wry smile on his lips.

“At forgiveness, Richard,” said Doctor Farrer. “Trust me. Go home, pin that up on your wall. Stare at it every morning when you awake, if you must. But once you have achieved them all, Betty will leave. She will find her peace, and you will find your freedom.”

--- 

Richard’s car, a tiny speck in the distance, could no longer be heard. Its throttling engines no longer rattled the panes, and it was only then that Nurse Heather spoke.

“I know when I’m being lectured, Doctor Farrer. You should stop gloating.”

“I wasn’t trying to be cheeky, I promise. I just genuinely believe in the advice I was giving, and if he was willing to take it, who am I to argue? It is nice, for once, to meet someone not quite as stubborn as what I have to deal with.”

Nurse Heather drifted to the window, her palm leaving tiny crystals of ice on the other side. “It’s not that I don’t try, you know. I do, I really do. But every time that I close my eyes, I can hear them too, hear them all crying for-”

“There’s nothing to hear,” said Doctor Farrer. He arose himself, placed his hands on her shoulders, with just the right amount of force. Any more and his hands would have passed right through her. “They are all gone, every single one of them. I’ve spoken to them all, and not one bears a grudge still.”

“But… it was all my fault… the candles… if I had *just* remembered to check on them… they wouldn’t have fallen… and the fire… it wouldn’t have…”

Doctor Farrer turned back to the table, and scribbled furiously. He tore off the sheet, then pasted the ephemeral note on the window, right in front of Nurse Heather. 

“Step One, Nurse Heather. Accepting that what has happened cannot be undone. Will you repeat that after me?”

Nurse Heather did, haltingly at first, then again, and again, until she could do so without tripping over her words. Then she recalled the conviction in Richard’s eyes as he left, and she said it again, with feeling this time. Her form shimmered briefly, and for a split second she had dematerialized fully. Doctor Farrer noted this, and the smile spread across his lips.

“If I manage this… will you go too?” Nurse Heather asked.

“Right after you,” he said.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


Darren Igor was a man of particular characteristics. A true anomaly. See, his mind merged sanity with insanity. He lived in different times but at the same time he didn't. Well, the case is... Darren saw ghosts. And he was aware of it. 

Darren grew accustomed to them, why wouldn't he? They were just like living people, walking down the streets following their everyday lives without bothering anyone. Thing is, they weren't really there, and Darren knew it. He often found himself lost in reveries, contemplating if whoever he talked with was real. 

It was a flaw, those reveries isolated him from reality, sometimes for extensive periods of time. For the sake of his sanity, he decided to check himself in the Yesteryear Institution of Mental Sickness (YIMS). Dwayne, his best friend, recommended it years ago. 

Their friendship was that of a lifetime. They met each other at the age of four, in those times where a simple playground could forge the strongest relationships. Dwayne was an orphan who often escaped to play in the park nearby for a while. Darren used to play there too and, since the first time they talked to each other, they never stopped. Well, they did now, Dwayne was in Bora-Bora

YIMS was located far away in a rural area. Despite its great dimensions, it was crowded to the gills. People of all ages seemed to choose it. The atmosphere didn't suit that gloom, somber one you see in a movie, not at all. Bright lights bathed it entirely, the furniture was fancy, the walls maintained to perfection and joy seemed to brim in every corridor.

"Hello Sir, my name is Bertha. How can I help you today?" an old lady said behind the check-in desk. She was skinny with wrinkled skin and slow yet she bore a reassuring smile, a grandmotherly one.

Darren smiled at her, *so old yet still working,* he thought. "I want to check in, is that possible? Or are you full?

Bertha waved at him, "please, there's plenty of space!" she said. "What is wrong with you dear?"

"I see things I shouldn't see, people of past times."

She furrowed his brows, "ghosts dear?"

Darren drew his lips into a line and nodded.

"Okay, head to the room 417," Bertha said and handed him a key. "We have another patient with your same problem, you can bond over it. Have a wonderful stay!"

Darren ambled to the rooms with a smile. This wasn't as bad as he had pictured it, people genuinely seemed to be happy here. Something was off though. The name, YISM, it sounded familiar, too familiar.

Darren entered the room, his heart jumped to his throat. "Dwayne? What are you doing here?"

"Darren? What are YOU doing here?" He jolted, eyes wide and brows wrenched downwards.

Darren sighed, "well, I might as well tell you," he said. "I have always seen ghosts, old ones, of past times and it they were interfering with my daily life."

He didn't seem too surprised, "I have a confession Darren." He paused. "I do too, but mine, they are from future times."

Darren didn't listen, *YISM* he thought, *where did I hear that name?* "Sorry, what did you just say?"

"I see ghosts too, from future times. Its hard to explain it, they might be babies now but I see them in their thirties, fifties. Its like being trapped in between timelines."

Darren stared at nothing for too long of a time, as if trapped inside his mind.

"Darren? Are you okay?" He asked and prodded his shoulder.

"What year is this?" Darren muttered, extremities trembling, muscles tensed.

"1987, why? Did the place affect you already?"

Darren met Dwayne's gaze with stern eyes. "Run! Leave the building now!" he yelled.

Dwayne burst into laughter, "what got into you, psy— 

Darren snatched Dwayne by the collar, "We are each other ghosts you fool," he screamed. "I come from 2017. Now run, this place is going to blow up."

Dwayne grew wan and bolted towards the door— 

He disappeared before reaching it. In a mere second, the hubbub of the place faded into silence, pure silence. 

"What? No!" Darren screamed and stared at his clock.

July 18th, 18:37 pm. Exactly thirty years ago, a group of patients of YISM, blew up the institution, how they did it it's still a mystery.  

In the year 2010, YISM was reconstructed as a memorial for the two-hundred-and-thirty fallen. 

----------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more not so great stories!


If you had seen him, you would have seen a haggard man sitting in a dark, dusty cell. But that's not what Bill saw. He saw a clean, sterile hospital room. Outside the abandoned asylum, rain pattered stone and shards of broken windows. 

Days ago, a strange man handed Bill a card: "Dr. Philip See, M.D. Schizophrenia & Audiovisual Anomalies." He insisted that the man was a specialist who could perhaps help. This, after he saw Bill screaming into space at a spirit who was pestering him. Bill could not know that the man who recruited him for Dr. See was a spirit himself. Half of Bill's world was ghosts, although he never wised up enough to see. Everywhere just seemed too *crowded.* He hated ghosts only because the only ghosts that looked like ghosts to him were the ones who wanted to torment him; they appeared as corpses, as flayed men, as rotting flesh.

"Bill?" a pretty orderly said, "Dr. See is ready for you." She died in 1912 when a patient stabbed her in the neck with a pencil.

He timidly walked into the man's office, clutching his hat in his hands. He was a poor man, unblessed with much intelligence besides his ability to see beyond the veil of death. The doctor, a slight man in his early sixties, beckoned him to sit. He died at his desk 50 years ago, late at night, going over treatment options for his patients. He was a good man who didn't stop working for the sick, even in death.

He asked Bill to tell him what was wrong. Bill skirted around the subject, never quite reaching the truth of it. All he knew was that he saw things that weren't supposed to be there. He was not a religious or a superstitious man. He didn't believe he was seeing ghosts, only that he was sick in the head. The doctor nodded em pathetically.

"Consider," he said slowly, "that what you are seeing is not a hallucination."

"You mean... you mean that these ghosts are real? That's impossible. I must be crazy, I..."

"Tell me, Bill, do you feel crazy?"

"Well, I... not exactly, but there's no other..."

"Have you ever had any indication that you were insane in the past? Ever experienced wild swings of emotion? Behavioral issues?"

"Doctor, you must be joking. The ghosts can't be real, they just..."

"All I'm asking, Bill, is that you have some faith in yourself. You do not seem unwell to me. You seem afraid. Afraid that these spirits will hurt you. But this fear is the only thing I can see wrong with your outlook. You are a strong, sane person who does not deserve to live their life in fear. So next time one of these visions comes, do not try and reject it. Like all intrusive thoughts, this only gives them power. Instead, accept it. Let them speak with you. Let them try to terrify you. But know if your heart that there is nothing wrong with you, Bill. Nothing at all. Do you understand?"

Bill nodded slowly. After a few more brief words, Bill stood up and left. Still frightened, but standing a little taller.

The nurse came in moments later, asking if the doctor was well. "Perfectly fine, my dear. Bring in the next one."


It shouldn’t have come as a surprise when Greg found the other patients strange. He was in a mental hospital. However, at times, he confused the patients with the doctors. Old Man Sam, who was really only 22, talked nonstop of The War to End All Wars. Hearing him tell it, he drove one of the first tank brigades in the history of the British army! Dr. Klensworth, a man who looked like a prune left out in the sun too long—and had an unending appetite for prunes—still believed in the merits of lobotomy! 

The first time he got here, Sherry, the receptionist at the front who still used a typewriter cautioned him to watch out for Dr. Klensworth and why. Greg immediately turned to the landline and called his girlfriend.

“Sarah, dear,” he said, fighting to keep his voice light. “I’m not sure this is that great of an idea.”

His high school sweetheart turned wife said back, “Greg, we talked about this. You need help.” She made no effort to hide the strain in her voice.

Though, he understood. When they were eighteen, she had married the varsity quarterback, the All-American Competitor, the Harvard-bound boy in a small town of twenty thousand. Now, she was married to the man who could barely even hold down a job.

“Maybe this one just isn’t for me,” he tried. “We should try another one.”

Her response turned colder than the temperature of this place. “You’re not there for vacation. You’re there to be fixed.”

Greg held the phone to his head, wordless. “Alright dear,” he said and managed a small smile. “I’ll be back in a jiffy.”

Sarah neither laughed nor responded. She simply hung up.

He turned around and jumped. In front of him stood a young man with a chiseled jaw and hawkish eyes. He wore a drab olive-green jumpsuit with a utility belt and the widest smile he could muster. “Call me Old Man Sam,” he said and held out his hand. “First Lieutenant, Tank Division.”

Greg took the hand. “Greg,” he said, cautiously.

Sam clasped Greg’s shoulder and pulled him toward the twin doors to officially enter the hospital. “Let me tell you Greg, I’m glad you decided to join us. Newcomers ain’t commonplace anymore. Don’t want to miff ya, but I wished you a pretty lady.” He winked and laughed. “Not too many left here for snogging.”

“I… I haven’t checked in yet.”

The soldier turned to him and nodded as if they had just come to some deep understanding. “We’ve all checked in already,” he said. “It’s the checking out that’s tough. That’s why we’re here.”

“But how can I check out when I haven’t even checked in?”

Sam threw his head back in a hearty laugh. “Ain’t that the truth. You’re a clever one, Greg. We don’t get too many clever ones anymore.”

Greg let out a single, polite chuckle. If he was being made fun of, he couldn’t tell. But Sam seemed the kind of person who couldn’t lie if he wanted to.

“You’re going to love it here, Greg,” Sam said and pushed the twin doors open.

The hospital was not at all like Greg imagined. It looked more like a hotel hallway than a hospital one. A creamy peach colored the walls and every door had its own color. The closest, pink one opened and a thin girl with short, frizzled hair stepped through. They met eyes and she smiled abashedly.

“That’s Marlene,” Sam narrated as they continued through. “Don’t let her looks fool ya, she’s older than my grandmother.”

Marlene’s face turned pale and her mouth twisted. “Sam!”

Sam only laughed at that. “Love ya too, Marlene!”

The purple door next to hers opened and an old man walked out, like he was pulling himself forward with his walking cane. His eyes went wide and a smile spread across his face. He opened his mouth to speak, but Sam jumped in front of him.

“No, no, Dr. Klensworth, ain’t anybody interested in your lobotomy.”

Greg nearly laughed. Then, his brow furrowed when he realized that it wasn’t a joke. Then, his mouth dropped when he found out that Dr. Klensworth was the psychiatrist in charge of them all.

The lime green door held a middle-aged man who claimed to be the world’s foremost scientist in butterflies. The deep blue one held a woman around Greg’s mother’s age, though she jumped and skipped to everywhere she went. The pale yellow door belonged to a small girl that clung to a teddy bear who Sam claimed was the *nob that runs this place*. And at last, they entered the end of the hallway where a single door stood, its rusted paint flaking off.

“Now this here’s your room,” Sam said, practically beaming with pride. “C’mon, I’ll tell Sherry to bring in the paint supplies.”

Greg held up his hand. “That’s alright,” he said.

Sam’s face fell.

“I’m not sure this is the place for me after all,” Greg said. “I’m going to go, uh… *check out*.”

“But you just got here!”

“Yep and you’ve done such a great job, I’m already ready to leave.”

A small smile spread across Sam’s face and he nodded back. “That’s great news, Greg,” he says. “Most of us here are too scared to check out. We haven’t really come to terms with ourselves, you know? I’m glad that you managed it so fast. And who knows? Maybe the next one through those doors’ll be a pretty lady.”

Greg laughed. “Not sure I’ve come to terms with myself yet, but thanks."

Sam nodded again and he patted Greg on the shoulder. “It’s not living with yourself that you gotta worry about. That’s only a few years. It’s dying with yourself that’s the problem. But you’re a good man, Greg. I can smell the good in you. You’ll do just fine.” 

He walked away, leaving Greg standing in front of his flaking door. Greg stared at his door. At one point, it too had been a vibrant and deep color, but now it was ragged and faded. Though despite its looks, all it really needed was a fresh coat of paint. Perhaps that’s all he needed as well.

“Sam,” he called. “On second thought, could you get me that paint?”

---

/r/jraywang


Lucas Benson sat on the edge of his futon.  He smeared his palm over his face and yawned.  He walked over to the window to see that outside, the winter trees had lost its leaves and beneath them was grass that should have been better maintained.  He sighed.  He'd been in the mental institution for several weeks now.  Outside the white padded walls, he remembered the anxieties that came with not knowing who was real and who wasn't.  Inside the walls, he had never felt happier.  The staff and other patients had been most accepting of him.

"Mr. Benson. . ." said a voice from behind him.

Lucas turned to find Doctor Moran standing in his room waiting, wearing his typical white coat over a collared shirt and tie.

"Did you just come in?" Lucas asked.

"No, I've been here the entire time," Doctor Benson said.  "Are you ready for your weekly evaluation?"

Lucas tilted his head.  He didn't remember seeing Doctor Benson, and he found that it would be weird if Doctor Benson watched him as he slept.  Maybe he could have been watching him sleep to study whether or not he had nightmares.  Either way, Lucas took a seat at the small round table in his room and Doctor Moran sat across from him.

"How are you feeling?" Doctor Moran asked.

"A lot better actually," Lucas said, "To be honest, I haven't felt this good in a while.  The other patients are great.  Everyone's been really welcoming.  For some reason, Susan keeps playing Whitney Houston."

"The song where she wants to dance with somebody?"  

"Yeah, that one!" Lucas said, slightly chuckling.

"Yeah, everybody loves that song," Doctor Moran replied, smiling politely.

"Yeah, it's a good song.  It just feels like it's on repeat on the radio for some reason."

"Yeah, they do that with popular songs," Doctor Moran said, lifting the frame of his glasses up the bridge of his nose.  "How's the anxiety?"

"A lot better.  It's doing a lot better," Lucas said, swallowing slightly and feverishly nodding.  "You know after the election, I was under a lot of stress.  I just couldn't handle it.  I think that's why I started seeing people who weren't really there.  I guess I just couldn't handle reality anymore.  I needed to make up my own."

"You said you started seeing ghosts.  There's a difference between seeing the dead and coping with your issues by creating a different reality."

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Lucas said, swallowing quietly.

Doctor Moran listened to Lucas attentively.  He examined Lucas's behaviors and nodded.  He then crossed his legs and in his notepad wrote down several lines of cursive.  

"When do you think things were the worst for you?" Doctor Moran asked.

"Just recently, like a couple months ago, when the news kept talking about Russia.  Every day, it was just Russia, Russia, Russia."

"Oh, I understand," Doctor Moran replied, "It seems like every day people are talking about the arms race and the possibility of nuclear war.  You're not alone.  There are plenty of people with the same anxieties.  What's best is that we remember to disconnect in a healthy way.  Count the good in our lives.  You don't want to go through your life worrying about what might happen."

Lucas exhaled heavily.  He remembered the days when politics hadn't taken over his thoughts.  He remembered when people used to go outside and talk about movies.  He remembered falling mercilessly in love with every woman that walked passed him and how he could never find the courage to talk to them.  He then remembered when he began to notice those same women walking through walls and disappearing as if they never really existed.

Lucas brought his thoughts back to where he was, back to his small room in the institution, the white walls, the tight breeze of winter air that crept into his room from the thin slit which was the extent of how much he could open the windows.

"Yeah, it's just sometimes our presidents says things that I don't think are funny," Lucas said.

"Yeah. . ." Doctor Moran said, slightly chuckling as if he personally found common ground with Lucas.  "Reagan does have his jokes."

Immediately, Lucas tilted his head.  His eyebrows shifted crinkling the skin above his nose.

"Reagan?" he said.

"Yeah. . ." Doctor Moran said, nodding casually, "Yeah, President Reagan."

"Reagan?  You mean Trump, right?"

Doctor Moran stared at Lucas, baffled.

"Who's Trump?"

______________________________
Jonathan Manor


The man sat in a bare, whitewashed room, and stared at the wall past his old television. News events, echoes of the outside world, could be faintly heard through static. The reception was poor in the highlands. His T.V., a boxy little thing in the corner, was his companion in the dark evenings, when he was not expected to socialise with others in the common area. He would listen to the murmur behind the static, behind his thoughts, and stare at the cracks in the walls. 

A bell rang, summoning the patient to supper. He queued with the other patients for his medicine, then collected his meal and sat at one of the plastic tables in the communal area. The food was bland, an over sweetened tomato sauce over starchy pasta, and some kind of bread product in custard for pudding. A thin man with a twitch sat next to him, repeatedly jolting the table. Other people sat with glazed eyes, barely registering his presence. Thankfully he was sat with no-one talkative this time. 

The man returned to his room, room no. 8, as soon as he was permitted. The poor meal had not sated him. He looked down at his gut; he had lost a lot of weight since coming here. Now, yellowish skin sagged over his bones and weak muscles. There were no mirrors here, but when he switched the T.V. off he could see a gaunt face staring back. Sometimes the hunger was agonising, and sometimes he barely noticed. He returned to his thoughts of the outside world, and why he came here.

His son and a social worker had become increasingly concerned about him, cooped up in his small flat in Perth alone. He’d thought he was fine, but later it became apparent his few friends and visitors were figments of his imagination; a few he had known when younger, but were now dead! It had taken his son showing him their obituaries to persuade him of his delusions and hallucinations. Soon after, determined to help himself, he left his flat and walked through grey streets with colourful plastic signs, and plastic tumbleweed, to the old public library. On a borrowed computer, he researched mental health institutions and nearby inpatient wards. One he recognised; an old place in the Highlands, near Tyndrum, called Cononish House. He remembered passing the grand building on family holidays, and was relieved to find the rumours of its closure false. Upon returning home, he called them and arranged to join them as a voluntary patient, pleased to find there was a space for him.

The man sat on his bed in the austere room he had been assigned, and listened to the T.V. in the corner through the static. It was strange how the news never seemed to change; he was sure he’d heard this all before. His stomach gurgled.


Mr Loll rang the bell  
then said through his cough,  
"There's no light in this hell!"  
and the darkness went off.  
It conversed with the gloom  
and sent a grey nurse  
from the next waiting room  
who said "I'm sorry sir's  
been waiting so long;  
are you here for yourself?  
Or have you brought along  
someone poorer of health?"  
Mister Loll said, "For me!  
I need remedial care,  
for you see that I see  
people who aren't there."  
I once saw my mother  
but she long since died  
I once saw my brother  
pale at my bedside,  
To see him at long last  
is what drove me wild,  
because most ghosts have passed  
but I'm an only child!"  
The grey nurse said "Lord,  
I can see that it's grave.  
We'll give you full board  
provided you behave.  
Mister, you'll feel better  
when we get you a quack."  
--Then the darkness ate her  
and she didn't come back.  
Light wafted through walls,  
took the lift floor to floor  
it stopped in the halls  
no one saw any more.  
All the panes had no eyes,  
the O fell from "Hotel",  
with sobs and with sighs,  
Mr Loll rang the bell.


It was nearing the end of autumn in Berlin. I decided it was finally time to go seek help and find the cause of my delusions. I decide to start making my way from my home to the local hospital which is right across the neighborhood. It's a pretty new hospital and it specializes in the newest elctroshock therapy techniques. I look outside my window, and see the large hospital behind the houses, glowing orange from the setting sun, with some of the sunlight being reflected off the attic windows. I go outside and make my way to the hospital. 


As I approach the courtyard, I am greeted by the sign "Geisteskrankes Asyl von Deutschland" right above the arch leading to the courtyard. It means "asylum for the mentally ill in Germany".
I recall seeing the crooked fountain in the middle of the courtyard, with its intricate design engraved in the stone. All that was left was the dirty water pooled inside the fountain from the rain. I enter the building, and make my way to the front. "I would like to see the doctor". I said to the receptionist. I was told to make my way to the doctor's room to the left. I waited inside the room, waiting for Edward to come. Edward was an old doctor I remember seeing from my prior visits. He knows me quite well, but it's been a while since I last saw him. "Well hello there Albert, how can I be of help?" I recall his thick German accent from before. "You see, I've been, uh, I've been *seeing* things. Things I don't think are real." 

"Like what? Paranormal?"

"That, and perhaps objects and places too". "Hmm, that sounds odd, but I've dealt with many cases like this before. Take a seat in this chair."

I was strapped on what I believe was a dentist's chair. I heard the sound of a drill. 

"Why the dentist chair? What are you going to do? What's the drill for? What're you doing!?" 

"Calm down, this will be quick"

I felt a sharp pain. Nothing. I went black. That was all I could remember. I then awoken by a female voice. "Good morning Mr. Johnson, are you feeling okay?"

I looked around and saw that I was in a much different room, which was much brighter, cleaner, and nicer.
"Uhh, yeah, where am I? What happened?"

"I understand you may be a bit disoriented. You fell and hit your head"

"What? When?"

"Yesterday, you were unconscious for a while"

"I don't remember any of that. Where's Edward, and what was the drill for?"

"Who's Edward? What drill?"

"The doctor? He strapped me to the chair?" 

"Hold on, the doctor will be with you shortly"

She left to the other room where I can overhear her and someone else conversing. I couldn't make out what they were saying, but heard them mention something about the operation. A man walks in. "Hi Albert, it seems you are a bit disoriented, why don't you take a rest?"


"I just woke up! Where is Edward? Which hospital am I in? What is going on? "

"I don't know who Edward is, it may be something you were dreaming about, but this is the Berlin Victor hospital. "

"What? I thought I went to the Berlin Sanatorium?" 

The doctor paused for a second and realized my age and what I was talking about. 

"Oh, the old West wing." The Soviets burned it down 27 years ago in 1945. I suppose you may be having flashbacks to it when it existed? 

It all makes sense now. I must've been having flashbacks to a time when I visited the hospital when I was dreaming. 

"Yeah, that's probably it. Do you remember anyone named Edward who worked here? "

"I don't know, because I didn't work here that long ago. Perhaps you could contact the administration and see?"

"I'll try and see"

I closed my eyes and went back to sleep.

I was then jolted awake by the decaying sound of the drill. 

"That wasn't so bad, ja?",

said Edward.


I quickly awaken, feeling tired as I hadn't slept, with dry tears in my eye. Another nightmare, I guess. As I calm down, I realize today is a special day. The dawn of a new year, if I remember correctly. 2077, was it? Yeah, 2077 A.D. anno domini, in the year of our lord.  But we no longer had any lords. They're all dead, immortal entities made mortal by man's lust for power. All we have now is this stupid sounding p.n.h. Post Nuclear Holocaust.

I can't believe it's been fifty seven years since it all happened. I was only a child back then, a happy little child. Now I feel so old...God, my fingers feel dusty. They said the bombs killed everything, but in this misery I found love, I married a beatiful woman - Jesus I remember having a crush on her on kinder garden, it's been SO long - and we were blessed with a baby boy named Roy... She said she always enjoyed that name, and he did kinda look like a Roy... as I get up from bed I can hear his footsteps rushing in, he slams the door and jumps in bed, all smiles my little Roy. His mother wakes up, scared from the noise, but quickly smiles and takes him into her arms.

I'm so happy.

I go down and prepare a meal for us, canned food for breakfast is still weird for me, but you get used to it I guess. They rush down, and sit on the table as I finish heating it up. We eat happily, laugh, joke, and everything seems perfect.

Suddenly, I hear anxious knocks on the door. I get up and rush to answer it, as the sounds of laugh and joy fade. I open the door slightly, and check who it is. No surprise there, another guard checking in.

"Mr. Williams, sorry to disturb you, but you are required at the New City Hall immediately."

"It's alright, I'll be there in a minute. Thank you"

"Sir!"

As I close the door, I quickly look at the table I was having breakfast, and it sits there, cold and empty.

Everyday it's the same feeling. Seargent told me to go see a doctor about it, but...I can't. God how I miss them. How can someone ask me to separate from them.

I sit down and finish my meal, throwing out the two other full plates I had filled. I remember as a child, the fear I felt from haunted houses and such, and how I always called it a curse.

It is not a curse.

It's a blessing.

I open the door, and the emptyness of this world hit me hard. I walk to the pharmacy, pick up the meds, and go back home. Every step i take on those empty streets fill my eyes with tears. I get inside, clean my plates, get on bed and inject myself.

I no longer want to live in this empty world, I can't stand this void, I want to end this all. Take me to hell if you must, but don't let me be the last one standing.

I push the needle, I open my window and throw it out. Sit on my bed, as the tears come.

And as I fall asleep, I pray.

"Please, God. Let it last longer."

And my consciousness fades away.

I quickly awaken, feeling tired, as if I hadn't slept. Eyes filled with dry tears. Another nightmare, I guess. As I calm down, I realize...

Today, is a special day.



--- Ahhh, sorry I didn't use the prompt - besides the a man who sees ghosts part haha -

I read this and immediately felt the urge to write something like this, it ended up rushed, but it's what I came up with. I just discovered this sub, and will absolutely come back. Sorry if this sucks!


He stared at the receptionists who stared back—one of them swayed back and forth in her chair and the look of consternation deepened on her face as he followed her movement with his eyes. The two women shared a look and seemed to come to a decision.


“Could you repeat that?” the older one asked carefully. She peered at him from behind tacky magenta glasses that must have been popular at one point or another and Kevin was distinctly reminded of his aunt Dolores who wore too much perfume and had too little fashion sense.


Kevin, somewhat nervous and mousy looking to begin with, seemed to shrink into himself even more.


“I—I’d like to be checked in f-for a few days and maybe see a doctor for my... my issue.” he stuttered, eyes flitting between the two women, down the hallway where he could see patients roaming about. 


The Aunt Dolores look alike softened a bit as her colleague picked up the phone and muttered something into it. “Do you know where you are?” she asked a bit more kindly.


Kevin nodded enthusiastically. “I passed by here the other day when I made a wrong turn on my way home, and I’m pretty sure your... facility is the only one that could help me now.”


Just as the receptionist asked him to elaborate, a booming voice came down the hall, followed by the jolliest doctor he had ever seen in his life almost literally bounce towards them.


“My dear boy! You’ve come to the right place!” all rosy cheeks and smiling teeth and a salt and pepper beard bellowed. By now, other patients and a few orderlies were peering curiously at them.


“I—I did?”


“Doctor,” the receptionist cut in, “You do know he’s a—“


The large man waved her off, his white lab coat flapping with the movement, the trailing sleeves sweeping a few pieces of paper to the floor, “Of course I know!” he said, and turned to Kevin and started to steer him down the hall. “Come come! Let me give you the tour and you can tell me all about your issues.”


“Doctor—“


Kevin glanced at the receptionists who now looked slightly alarmed as he was led away. The doctor ignored the front desk and pulled him along. He gave them a reassuring smile before turning back to his impromptu tour guide.


“Well you see, about a month ago, some friends and I were e-experimenting with LSD and after that I started to... to see things that aren’t... aren’t there.”


“You don’t say! Do go on!”


“Well... I’ve been seeing... This is going to sound crazy...”


“I love crazy!”


“I’ve been seeing ghosts...”


“Fascinating!”


Their voices trailed off as they disappeared behind swinging panel doors, and the first receptionist turned to the second and sighed. “How long do you think it’s going to take for the poor dear to realize who we are?”


The second one shrugged and walked through the desk to pick up the pen and papers that had rolled off just as a scream pierced through the building...


It's a tad run down, but my psychiatrist told me I needed to admit myself. Run down equals cheap, right? Surely it can't be *that* bad. I walk into the mental institution, and am immediately greeted by the cutest nurses I think I've ever seen!

After I've checked in, the cutest nurse of them all escorts me to my room, pointing out various common areas. Like, the activity room, caffateria, and library are all just a short walk from my room! Although, there isn't a very big window to do anything throughout the day. Zoe, my favorite nurse so far, has told me that the beginning week or so of my stay will consist mostly of checkups and other complicated doctory things.

It's been three days. The T.V. in my room seems to be losing service? Not that I really care. I've just kinda left it on to fall asleep to. I've been pretty exhausted with all the things they've had me doing. Although, they seem to be getting pretty agitated with me. It's almost getting twice as bad every day. Tomorrow is when I finally meet with the psychologist I've been assigned to.

"Mr. Black, I do apologize for you being here, but it says in your chart that you admitted yourself?" said Dr. Flemming. "I'm glad to see you admitted yourself before things got out of hand." "Not a problem. You know, for as run down as this place is, it seems to have some fantastic services." The conversation went on for about an hour. He didn't really ask me any questions the doctor that suggested I came here did. Oh well, maybe he has a different way of figuring out someones mental problems.

I've been here for two weeks, now. The visits by police have become more frequent. Zoe tells me they have to come often because the more unstable patients can get violent. She's told me that three doctors have died in the last two weeks alone, which I find a little strange. Oh well, chow time.

It's been four weeks now. Eight doctors have died by this point. I've found that when police bang on my door, if I stay silent, they go away. Today, however, they started yelling something about bringing a battering ram, and finally receiving a warrant for *my* arrest. I haven't done anything wrong, have I? I listened to my psychologist.

They came back the next day, busted down my door, and started shouting something along the lines of "You are under arrest for eight counts of murder, criminal trespassing, breaking and entering, and evading arrest." They say I killed eight men, but the only people that died here were doctors that other patients murdered? My lawyer says I need to plead insanity. They're saying they found me in a mental institution that has been closed for coming up on thirty years. I miss Zoe.


"So for exactly how long have you been having these, erm, hallucinations?" the head psychiatrist asked, entering information into a bulky computer.
"Since I was young." David remarked, staring vacantly. 
"You're well into your thirties now." she replied. "To be dealing with such psychological instability for so long must be so difficult to handle." she consoled. 
"My mother tried to talk to me while I was at her funeral, so you'd be correct in saying it hasn't exactly been easy for me." David said sternly, keeping his gaze locked on the floor.
The psychiatrist ceased her typing for a moment, and looked upon David as she let out a small sigh.  She then stood up and walked over to him, as she sat down in the chair in front of him.
"David," she began. "I'm so sorry. We as humans don't get the opportunity to choose the brains we have, and sometimes those brains are a tad.." she paused, searching for the most appropriate phrasing. "Broken." she said solemnly. "But that does not mean that our brains can't be fixed with the aid of modern medicine." 
David turned his gaze to her, then back to the floor. "I don't see how 'modern medicine' could help somebody like me." he said quietly. 
"Of course it can, David." the psychiatrist said softly. "Psychological healthcare has come a long way from just performing lobotomies." the psychiatrist smiled. 
"Ha." David let out a slight chuckle. "If only. Maybe a drill to the brain is just what I need." he said, forcing a half-smile.
The nurse smiled back. "Well, maybe if we were back some forty years, I would give you the quick Hammer treatment and get you on your way. Haha."
David laughed. "They were still doing lobotomies in the eighty's?" he asked, bewildered.
"Psh." the psychiatrist let out dismissively. "Fourty years ago as in the fifty's, dear." she said, smiling and shaking her head."
David's smile slowly fell from his face. His brow furrowed as the psychiatrist walked back to the tan bulky computer. 
"Say," David began, "What year is that computer." 
"This machine is a Windows 3.0, brand new and top of the line." she said patting the side of the big white monitor. 
David sat in his chair with his face in his hands. "Doctor." his voice muffled through his fingers as he lowered his hands onto his knees.
"Yes, David?" she replied, concernedly. 
"When did you die?" he asked.
"David..." she said with a sigh.
"When. Did. You. Die." he repeated.
"David, just because I'm dead doesn't mean I can't help-"
"Doctor!" David interrupted. "When did you die?"
She looked David in the eyes and frowned. "Yesterday... but to you...twenty seven years ago."
David sunk in his chair, eyes fixed back towards the floor, tears welling up in his eyes.
The psychiatrist opened up a drawer and pulled out a silver, loaded pistol.
"The man who killed me left this behind." she said sternly. 
David slowly looked up from the floor, bringing his gaze to her.
There was deafening silence for a few moments until David inhaled sharply. 
"Will you help me?" He plead quietly. 
The nurse then pointed the weapon to David's forehead.
"Yes." she replied.

That's how my dad died. At least, that's what he told me.


"Good to meet you Mr. Douglas. I'm Doctor Swayze", said a slender man with a square chin. 

Posturing to attention Mr Douglas sighs," Hi doc. It's good to see you."

"So what can I do for you today?", replies Dr. Swayze as he enters data on his computer. 

"To be honest I don't know if anyone can help me but I hope you can." 

With a concerned look he slides his palms down his denim jeans coming to a rest at his knees. "I'm seeing things...people...I know they aren't there. I think I'm seeing ghosts. Everyone here is a ghost. I'm pretty sure you are as well doc. You are? Right?"

As he nervously slides his bottom lip back-and-forth against his top teeth he waits too see what Dr Swayze has to say. 

"if I was would you feel this?" The doctor quickly thumps something toward him. 

"Ouch! What the hell did you throw at me?"

From an entertained laugh the Doctor holds up a paper clip,"Nothing other-worldly I promise."

As he leans into the comfort of his padded chair with a lift of his eyebrows the Dr asks," Do you know what we do hear Mr. Douglas?" 

"well yeah don't you counsel people with mental issues?"

Leaning forward and speeding through the keys entering more data the doctor responds with," that's pretty close. You see people come here looking for guidance. Seeking answers as they prepare for the journey to the next place."

"W-What? What do you mean the next place?"

Observing his confusion the doctor asks," what's more plausible, that everyone here at the facility is a ghost or that everyone here is real...and your the ghost?"

"WAIT! WHAT? 

His eyes widen. He can feel his heart pounding. His left leg begins bouncing. You can hear each tap as his heel comes down on the marble floor. 

"What do you mean? Hows that's possible? There's no way! NO WAY! I would know something like that"

In a soft and soothing tone Dr. Swayze enlightens him, "I know this may come as a shock. Some people already know when they come here and some don't. Please have a look at this Mr. Douglas."

The doctor spins his monitor around," this is what happened."

Anxiety sets in as Mr. Douglas absorbs what he sees. 

Seeing the date on the computer he says, "This news article says I died; 30 years ago!

Dr. Swayze interrupts, " sorry the date's wrong. Had some trouble with an upgrade to the operating system this morning. Set the clock back 30 years for some reason. You passed away yesterday"

Mr. Douglas continues," It says I drowned after falling into the cooling towers at the power plant? I...I remember yesterday. I left work alive. Hell it was in the parking lot that I saw my first ghost yesterday! She's the one who told me to come here. Said that it would help make sense of things.

With a determined look he continues, "after that's when I started seeing lots of ghost. They were in my home. They were there when I showered. There when I ate. There was even one creepy looking freak standing there staring at me when I woke up!"

Dr Swayze," calm down please. Look, sometimes when a person is caught between this place and the next it can be confusing at first. The people you see are still alive. Most of them anyway. They have a ghostly look because your caught between the real world and the after life." 

The doctor stands up and walks around the desk to Mr Douglas and reassuringly rests a hand on his shoulder," don't worry we will help. Your not alone. Our staff is the best there is. Please follow the nurse in the hallway to our preparation room. From there we will help you with what comes next."

As the doctor exits the room he beckons to the nurse who walks to the door way. 

Never turning to face him the busy nurse leads the way, "please wait here sir."

As he enters the room he sees the floor has dark stains between the marble tiles. That's when he notices a copper like smell inside. As the door swings shut behind him he makes out the sound of a metal bolt sliding. 

"Um hey! Why does this lock from the outside? What's going on here? Hey miss! Miss! Can you hear me!"

"they got you too huh?", said a hoarse voice from the adjacent room. 

Frightened Mr. Douglas says with a hesitant breath, "What? Hey who are you? What are you talking about?"

" There was a woman here ahead of me. They killed her. I think they enjoyed it. I've screamed for help and clawed at the walls. No one can hear us."

A stool rolls across the floor in the other room close to the wall where Mr. Douglas stood.

 The stranger grumbles, " Get right with your God friend. Time is short."

Before Mr. Douglas can respond he hears the clanking of keys as several people walk up to the strangers room. They open the door and not a moment later there's a loud thud on the floor. 

His mind racing he contemplates if this is hell. Has he been judged. Is this his eternal torment?

"Hey what the hell? Your suppose to help me. I shouldn't be here! Have I already been judged? Is this hell?"

A familiar voice with a sinister laugh speaks, " No Mr. Douglas. This isn't hell. You would have to die first to go there", she says with another laugh. 

"Wait I know that voice. Who are you. Come here! Who are you!"

Opening the door with a grin and a few orderlies with her she taunts, " I promise after this you won't see any more ghosts Mr. Douglas."

" OH MY GOD! IT'S YOU! YOUR THE GHOST I SAW FROM THE PARKING LOT!


Poor Bill.

Poor confused, delusional Bill. Maybe it was all the moonshine, or maybe the Depression, but he had gone outright mad. So mad in fact, that the fool thought he could talk to dead folks.  A real shame too. 

He was a smart fellow, liked by everyone and engaged to Miss Marie Jenkins, sweetest belle this side of the Mississippi. He had it all. Great home, great friends, and a wedding that would make the Queen of England jealous planned for him and Miss Marie. But fate had other plans. 

The Depression bankrupted Bill, and Marie's daddy refused to let his fine daughter marry a poor city boy. The engagement was broken off, and soon after Marie's body was found lying limp in a patch of petunias. Poison they say. Little lady figured that if she couldn't be with her Bill, she couldn't go on. Bill was devastated. Wound up a homeless drunk roaming the streets and causing a general disturbance. The police gave him two choices: jail or therapy. Scared of prison, he opted for the latter.

And that's how he wound up here at Our Lady of Hope Psychiatric Medical Hospital. He trodded up the stairs in the dead of night one chilly day in winter. No shoes, mumbling, and staggering from drunkenness. He stopped by the door, and spoke a few words to me, which took me aback. Actually he told me all that which I just relayed to you, if not a little scatteredly. I kept scratching my head after he walked inside, or I guess I would've if I had a hand to scratch it with. 

Back before I kicked the bucket, I was the security for this fine establishment. Lost my hands to a woman who thought she was a tiger. Ripped 'em off as she pinned me to the ground, and not cleanly mind you. Didn't eat them or nothing, just growled until an orderly came and, well, took care of her. Unfortunately, that wasn't my most harrowing ordeal. The worst wad when a young boy who suffered from some illness of the brain that made him go all crazy decided to start chopping people up, slicing and dicing cadavers, and then moving on to some nurses. I was his last victim, and I really would rather not relive that day. That was over 50 years before Bill showed up, and 20 before this hospital shut it's doors for good. Sometimes I still see the tiger lady  slinking through the halls, stalking mice or crows, or I'll hear little Timmy laughing as nurses scold him, screaming at him to put the knife down. I'm dead, but it still gives me chills.

But I digress. Anyways, I followed Bill into the main entryway, watching as he walked up to the desk. Good old Gertrude, may her soul find its way to heaven, sat behind it, reading some old newspaper article from the turn of the century. "E-excuse me, miss?" Bill murmured.  Gertrude gasped. 

"Pardon me? Who are you" she asked, shocked as though she saw a ghost. Well, that's a poor choice of words, but you understand my point. 

"I'm Bill Fields, and I'd like to check myself in."

Gertrude was clearly puzzled. "But you're... "

I cut her off before she could say a thing. "Obviously very tired. We'll find you a room for now and get paperwork done first thing in the morning". I turned to Cynthia, a nurse who died here during a flu outbreak, and prayed he could see her too as I asked her to take "our patient" to his room. Apparently he could, and he plodded off behind her as she cheerily led him down the hall.

"Now what on earth did you do that for Arthur? He's a living man! He needs care if he can see us! We're all dead!"

I told her that I knew he needed care, but the only other mental hospital around was St. Peter's, and while it might not be closed, there were more ghosts roaming its halls than there were our own. After some arguing, and a deal which involved me having to get her some new newspapers, she agreed to let Bill stay.

And stay he did. Years passed, and we all did our best to keep him safe, healthy, and happy, while not letting him find out we weren't real. Broke our hearts whenever he asked us to leave, saying that he didn't see ghosts anymore. He always was perplexed at the fact that the nurses never seemed to age either. Eventually, as he grew older, he started to forget things, even ones as basic as putting on a shirt, or holding a spoon. We tried our best to care for him, but eventually, he passed away. He was shocked when he could see us upon waking up. Had a fire destroyed the hospital? Were we all dead? He asked these things frantically. Yes we were all dead, I told him. I watched as he put the pieces together. He stood up, walked out of his room, slowly amde his way to the main desk, bidding farewell to other patients and nurses, thanked Gertude, then officially signed himself out. He left, and never did come back, and I like to think it's because that fair girl who stood outside for about 75 years, the same one he walked down the sidewalk hand and hand with upon his departure, was Miss Marie.

Now why do I tell you this story Paul? Well, you see, it's now 2017, and I do believe modern medicine may be able to cure you, that there's no need to check yourself in here. So go, get yourself some help. After all, you are talking to a ghost right now.


“Just sign this paper, and I’ll take you to your room.”
Her name was Lizzie. She was blonde, and looked not much older than 19. I could tell that she was tired, despite her making the best attempt to not look tired.
The facility was fairly busy. I heard a man faintly yell “Well, what the hell does that mean, doc?”
I signed the papers. Writing in my full name age, and some other details, “John Smith. 37. 5’6.” 
After that, she led me to room 198B.
“This will be your room for your stay. I’ll send someone to do a checkup on you, but don’t expect to stay very long.”
I nodded, and she left the room. I looked around. The walls were a pleasant blue. There was a painting on the wall. It was one of a rainy day in a city. The city looked like a combination of Chicago, Seattle, and New York. I looked out the window. 
Across the street were some stores, selling everything from records to ice cream. I though about buying an album from the store. Maybe the new Pink Floyd album. Or maybe I’d try something else. Then I’d head over to...
“Focus, Smith!” I screamed at myself in my head.
You aren’t here to wonder about records or ice cream. You are here because you’ve been seeing ghosts. I thought about what bought me here. 
It all started when I saw Mrs. Vance, my old teacher. I heard that she died around the end of my Sophomore year of high school. 
Then I saw Mr. Hommel, the old record store owner, organizing some records in his store. He’s been dead since I was 9, and I only have vague memories of him selling records, and occasionally plugging in his guitar to play music. He had a fender, and it was a slick black. 
The last ghost I saw was my grandfather. He died two years before I was born. The only photos I’ve ever seen of him were ones of him were of him at family meetings. As far as I know, he never smiled, and often kept to himself. I saw him today, staring at me from a distance, with the same poker face that I saw in every photo of him. When I recognized him, he walked across the street, and disappeared out of my view. I quickly ran here, worried about my mental stability. I calmed down after the first 30 minutes of waiting at the facility, then I had trouble thinking about why I was even here after the second 30 minutes.
Suddenly, there was a knocking on the door, to which I responded with “Come in.”
A redhead nurse came in. Her name was Amy. She looked a couple years younger than me. She went through the standard testing procedures, like checking my ears, listening to my heart, breathing in and out. She also had me count to 10, describe what I did last monday, and some other stuff. She then told me that Dr. Kelley would be with me in a bit. She then walked out, and I was with myself again. After five minutes of nothing, I suddenly felt very tired. I fell asleep less than a minute later.
I was jolted awake to a knock on the door. “Come in.” I mumbled lazily.
The door knob turned, and the door started to creak open. As the door opened, the lights started flickering. As soon as the door fully opened, the lights went out entirely. I was no longer in the lively mental facility I was just in. The chattering that I had heard a second ago died, as shadows do in the night. The lovely blue walls were no longer blue, and were now a blank white. The window I had just looked out of was covered by multiple wooden boards. I pried the boards off of the window, flooding the room with light.
It suddenly hit me, that I was in an abandoned facility. There was no one else here. There had been no one here, for at least 30 years. I ran like hell, not caring about anything. I could hear Roger Waters in my head, screaming “You better run!” which I did. 
I ran all the way home, unlocking the front door, slamming it, and trying to comfort myself.I started screaming at myself. I couldn’t tell if I was actually screaming or if I was screaming mentally. After around two or so hours of screaming, I calmed myself down a bit more.
I had just spent the entire night in an abandoned mental facility. None of the people that I saw were real. I questioned my sanity. I questioned everything. 
In the end, I broke down and spent the rest of the day sitting in the corner, crying to myself. I was either insane, or I had a really overactive imagination. I hope its the latter.
Its been around 5 years since this incident, and I have stabilized (somewhat) my life, but I still question it every day.


“Sir, we must speak about this.” Kim Jong Un’s advisor walked behind him in to the main office as Jong Un took up his seat behind his desk. The adviser placed a piece of paper on the desk in front of him.

“I don’t see what the issue is,” said Jong Un, picking up the paper and inspecting it.

“Sir .." the adviser looked on perplexed, "you surely know what this is."

"Explain it to me," demanded the Supreme Leader.

"This is a screenshot of your latest indiscretion. You posted this 15 minutes ago. The tweet reads: *‘fite me irl u lil bitches. ya’ll want non of dis imho.’* You then tagged as many global leaders as you could and attaching a  picture of yourself dabbing.”

“Is dabbing not fashionable now? Is that the issue, here? Why was I not informed?” asked Jong Un.

“Wait, what? Of course the dabbing isn’t the issue,” said the adviser. 

“Then I fail to see the problem.”

“You cannot folly about Twitter inciting violence, sir. We have spoken about this numerous times," pleaded Jong Un's adviser.

“How dare you accuse me of folly,” said Jong Un, picking up and ripping apart the print out.

“Your Twitter handle is ‘KimJongFiteMe’. Do you not think others have noticed this? It’s as if you have a death wish,” said the adviser, picking up the ripped up pieces of paper from the floor.

“The Twitter handle is a mere coincidence,” said Jong Un, taking his phone out of his pocket, beginning to play with it. “There, I’ve changed it for you.”

The adviser placed the pieces of paper in the nearby bin and took his own phone out of his pocket, “thank you.”

“I take it that will be all? I have meetings to attend,” said Jong Un.

"What meetings? I have your diary, you don't have any meetings."

"By meetings I mean fights. And by attend I also mean fights."

"That doesn't even make any sense," said the adviser, still scrolling through his phone. "Wait. Why. Why would you do this?"

“Why would I do what?” asked Jong Un.

“You can't just change your Twitter handle from ‘KimJongFiteMe’ to ‘DM4Fite’,” replied the adviser.

“I have removed my name. Now I am covert and all fighting will be strictly over direct messages.”

The adviser slumped in to the chair facing Kim Jong Un and put his head in his hands, taking a moment to compose himself before speaking again with the Supreme Leader, “First of all, I still don’t understand why you’re trying to incite fights with other countries. Secondly, the profile picture for the account is your head photoshopped on to the body of Sagat from Street Fighter."

Kim Jong Un sat back in his chair, keeping his eyes on the wary adviser sitting in front of him, "so you mean to tell me people know the profile picture is a photoshop?"

"Of course people can tell it's a photoshop. You're one of the most famous people on the planet with your head poorly edited on to the body of a video game character," said the adviser.

Kim Jong Un fell further back in to his chair, deep in thought. "OK, you win. You're right, I can see that now. But I fear it is too late to amend my ways and become the Supreme Leader our great nation deserves."

"It's never too late, sir."

Jong Un cast a smile towards the adviser. He smiled back. 

"Thank you," said Jong Un, as he took his phone out of his pocket and began to play around with it. He looked up towards the adviser, "I will fix this. Believe in me."

The adviser stood from his chair and bowed his head, "I never stopped believing, sir."

As the adviser was leaving the room, a notification tone rang out. Intrigued, he checked his phone: 

‘New tweet from ‘KimJongFiteMe’:

*@realDonaldTrump wit mah boy coming up wit spicy fite plans. bring ur best 4 a rumble imho. real profy pic btw dnt even no who sagat is.*

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.


Papa had grand plans for our small nation. His papa, my halbi, did too. In their eyes, despite the overwhelming evidence suggesting otherwise, the North could do no wrong. The sight of our people starving, of our countryside dying, of our so called state of the art submarines barely making out in the open, it did not change their mind one bit.

But I knew better than papa and halbi. I have seen how prosperous the outside world is. How much better than what we claim to have. And because of that, I dreamed of a unified Korea even more, but under the South's flag. I want to be able to hold a Samsung out in the open, without being branded as a traitor.

For far too long I have tried. Being outrageous, making a fool out of myself, screaming empty threats, in the hope of provoking the West to attack the North. My advisers all thought that I was brave and a patriot, but I secretly hoped that a confrontation will result in the swift defeat of a nation I am no longer proud off.

They would kill me if they found out the true motivation behind my rhetoric, my uncle did once, and luckily for me, I had managed to silence him, under the barrage of anti-aircraft fire. My brother knew too, and I had to dispatch him as well. That blubbering idiot chose Malaysia, one of the last place that he really should, as the country he wanted to hide in.

I had hoped that carrying an assassination in a foreign country soil would spur enough backlash to cascade the crisis into a full blown war, but these cowardly leaders have been too comfortable to want to upset the status quo. And as each day passed, my dreams of owning a Samsung grew ever more distant.

But never mind. One can't change history. What one can do however, is to keep trying.

I smiled at the approaching aircraft, the words Air Force One boldly emblazoned on it. All it took was a simple phone call and a praise to summon the president, a feat I previously never thought possible. My hand felt itchy, the clear poison tape supplied by the CIA stuck uncomfortably on it. They had graciously loaned me packets when they found out my plan. Turns out the movie The Interview was a subtle messaging to me after all.

The only thing left to do now is to shake the President's hand.

-------------

Edit: Damn them typos

/r/dori_tales


The man pulled his thick, wool-coat tightly around him, as he slowly made his way through the snow laden street. The winter promised to be hard this year, at least for the poor on the outskirts of Pyongyang. The smell of Kimchi and burning wood permeated the air. He pulled his hood up, hoping it would help aid his disguise.

As he walked, he saw a handful of men huddled around a barrel-fire, hands placed too near the snapping flames. He wish'd he could stop; that he could *help* them, but there were others in greater need.

He continued down the street, his footprints quickly eaten by the ravenous snowfall. Soon, he came to a turning. On this next street, houses slowly became shacks, and then shelters, then little more than tin roofs.

"Park Ni!" shouted an elderly woman, huddling by a fire under one of the small shelters. The man smiled and ran over to her. They embraced in a swift hug before he pulled back.

"How are they?" he asked.

"Not good. Yop Yong-Chol's fever dreams continue. He has had little to eat since your last visit. Hyo-Jung is almost..." the lady's head dropped and she didn't finish the sentence.

The man's body deflated. "I am sorry to hear that." He unzipped his coat and took out four large bags of rice that had been tethered to its inners. "I wish I had access to money or I-"

The lady placed a finger on her lips. "Hush, Park Ni. You do so much for us, already. No one has money to spare." She took the rice from him and handed it over to two young men. She gave them brief instructions.

"Would you," she paused, "would you like to see them?"

Park Ni nodded. The woman led him to another street and into a hastily constructed building that Park Ni had come to know as *the hospital*. 

Yong-Chol lay in a small bed with two thin blankets over him. Sweat ran off his forehead and dripped onto a hard pillow. "Hello my friend," Park Ni attempted, but the man did not respond - he rocked back and forth, whispering incomprehensible words. 

"As I say, the fever still has him. Come, I'll take you to Hyo-Jung." The lady took his hand and led him through a maze of patients. Eventually, they came to the young girl.

"Park Ni!" she said, her pale, emaciated face lighting up. She tried to sit up, but the effort was too much for her and she collapsed back down onto the bed.

"How are you," he asked, gently stroking her hair.

"I'm good. I think I'm getting better." 

She began to cough and Park Ni bit his lip. "I have something for you."

"For me?" she asked bewildered. 

He nodded and reached back into his coat. "His name is Ben." 

He handed the soft, golden bear over to the girl. She looked at Park Ni for a moment, before taking the bear and hugging it tightly against her chest. Tears rolled down Park Ni's face. "I cannot stay much longer, but please Hyo-Jung, look after Ben. He needs a good home."

"Of course! I'll protect him from our *great leader*!" she said the last two words in a tone of mockery.

"Do you think he is really that bad?" Park Ni asked.

"He is a blight on this country."

Park Ni flinched. "Perhaps it would be worse without him. They say he's incompetent. Do you know what that means?"

The girl shook her head.

"It means, he can't make war, because he's not smart enough. It means, the missiles he launches always fail. It means the people he tries to hate... he loves." He smiled at the girl. "Perhaps with someone more effective in charge, the bad things he tries to do, would find a way to happen. Perhaps if he keeps doing what he's doing... seeds of good might eventually blossom."

Hyo-Jung frowned.

"I think, Hyo-Jung, America will overthrow him, one day. Or China, perhaps. They must, if they feel he is a danger. But I do not think he *wants* to be a danger."

"And if they do overthrow him... we can start the reu - reui"

"Reunification? Perhaps. I hope so." Park Ni leaned down and kissed the girl's forehead. "I must go now. Do not worry about such matters. Please concentrate on getting better. And look after Ben for me."

"See you again, Park Ni!" 

---

"Did you hear?" asked the lady he'd met at the shelter, as she led him out of the hospital.

"What?"

"They have arrested Kim Yong-jin. The corrupt politician. Although, which of them isn't!" 

Park Ni froze. "Are you sure?"

"Yes," she replied nodding. "They say there is evidence he played a role in the failed nuclear test. Sabotage."

Park Ni said nothing for a moment.

"Are you well, Park Ni?"

"I must go. Take care of them, please. I will come back when I can."

Park Ni rushed down the streets from which he had come, cursing Yong-jin for getting caught. He couldn't afford to lose one of the few people aiding him - but if there was *evidence!* He might have to execute his old friend, but he hoped to God it wouldn't come to that.

The rising sun began to cut through the snowy-darkness, as Park Ni reached the palace. 

---

For more of my stories, visit /r/nickofnight


Even before the final slides from the intelligence update flashed on the screen in the War Room, the mood had already turned frosty. The precious few remaining embers of hope in Kim Jong Un’s heart all but gave up the ghost as the intelligence officer finished his report, and in the lengthening silence which followed, despair consumed Kim.

That despondence soon flared into a furnace of anger, and specks of spittle flew from his lips as he raged. “Incompetent! All of you, utterly incompetent! I was promised that the Americans were finally taking us seriously!”

“We had reason to believe their armadas were really taking up position to attack us, Supreme Leader,” the intelligence officer stuttered, “they even said so in the press. But it seems that at the last moment, they changed their minds… it was just another feint-” 

“Out! Get out!” In a flash, Kim seized the projector on the table, turned and hurled the device at the wall. The projector’s exposed innards, spilled across the floor, sparked briefly for the last time. “Not you, General Dho! The rest of you get out!”

The entire Cabinet shuffled out obediently, leaving the two men adrift in the sudden vastness of the War Room. Kim still heaved from his exertions, and the worry lines on his rapidly aging face furrowed deeper. If there were anyone else there to observe, they may have mistaken General Dho for being a statue, the way the collected calmness radiated from him.

“How much time left, Dho?” said Kim, after an eternity. His whitened fists, curled tightly, pressed into the table.

“Persevere, Supreme Leader. This is a temporary setback. Stay the course, and you wil-”

“I asked, how much time left!”

Kim heard the desperation seeping through in his own voice, subtly changing his command into a plea. But he didn’t care – this wasn’t his Cabinet, who were versed only in the language of power. This was his mentor, his closest advisor, his only friend… the only person he trusted on this long, winding road which his feet were bound to.

“At least a year. My spies tell me that she’s in stable condition, and she’s been receiving the best care which money can afford. She’s of the old blood, Supreme Leader, they will have to drag her kicking and screaming into the heavens.”

“Has she written again? I want to see for myself, see that she’s fine!”

General Dho started reaching into the left inner pocket within his uniform, then thought better of it. Instead, he leaned forward, meeting Kim eye to eye. “Tell me, Supreme Leader, what do you hope to read in your grandaunt’s letter? What words do you possibly expect to find within?”

Kim exhaled in a burdened sigh, slowly uncurling his fists, revealing the reddened pits where his nails had sunk into his palms. In truth, there was little surprise remaining to be had. Her letters were always similar to each other, but it was from that very consistency that he found solace.

She would usually begin by recounting some long-forgotten incident from his youth, then she would veer into a rambling update of recent events, before returning to reminding Kim to look after himself, take care of himself. Her letters would never win any literary prize, but as Kim had long acknowledged, those letters were the only things keeping him sane through the years.

“I have to see her again before she dies, Dho. She’s the only family I have left, and I will never forgive myself if I am too late.”

“You were raised to be stronger than this!” said General Dho, an edge of rebuke creeping into his tone. “Just continue as we planned! Eventually, the world will realise that our nation is not just a thorn in their sides, we are a shard which has opened a festering lesion! They will invade, they will crush us, and then you can surrender, a political prisoner of the South! There, opportunities will abound for you to be reunited with your grandaunt!”

“It’s just… it’s much more difficult than I thought, Dho, so much more difficult…” said Kim, leaning back in his chair, eyes closed in painful recollection. “The Cabinet is beyond redemption! You’d think they would appreciate my efforts to modernize the country, bring peace to it… but no! Every step forward is seen as caving in to demonic western ideals! I can’t even leave them alone for five minutes, they would just fight and kill each other!”

“As I warned you, long ago, they will only listen to a strong hand, an undeniable power. Show any weakness at all, and they will consume you, whole.”

Kim laughed, a sad, half-hearted chuckle. “I’m not sure how much longer I can take this, Dho. I’m one day away from cracking. We can try the nuclear missile tests again, but I know they are going to fail, and the world will have yet another reason not to invade us. I… I just want it all to end, you understand?”

General Dho sighed, then laid a reassuring hand on the Supreme Leader’s shoulder. “In that case, I’ve got one last plan to try, if you will still believe in me. I can’t tell you the details, only that you will know when the time comes. And when it does, you must move forward with conviction, no looking back, understand?”

“Yes, I understand,” said Kim, quietly. “No victory without sacrifice, as you always counsel me.”

General Dho fished out a plain, white envelope, laying it on the table before Kim, then stood up slowly. “That’s the most recent letter my spies brought to me from your grandaunt. I trust that it gives you the strength and courage to see the plan through, Supreme Leader. Till we meet again.”

A straightening of the back, a smart salute, then General Dho was gone.

---

“Supreme Leader! Please, an emergency! You have to wake up, now!”

Kim rubbed the sleep from his eyes, squinting against the harsh lights which had been thrown on in his chambers. He recognised the eager faces before him as ranking members of his Cabinet, fawning sycophants who bayed for blood at every turn. Then, in that moment, the adrenaline surged through his veins, breathing life back into the smouldering remains of hope he harboured.

“Is it an attack? Are the Americans or the Chinese invading?”

“No, no, it’s worse!” said the bespectacled one, closest to Kim. 

Someone pressed a smuggled tablet into his hands, and a live-streaming news conference started playing. Kim recognised General Dho immediately, though the twenty or so civilian men, women and children behind him stirred no memory. 

It appeared that General Dho, standing proudly behind a lectern, was addressing the camera directly, fist pumping animatedly in the air. Kim couldn't remember the last time he had seen General Dho so animated.

“General Dho is defecting! He called for a press conference, and the traitorous dogs in his camp have broadcast his video out to the whole world! It’s live, even as we speak! He’s promising to give the world all the secrets to our government, and he’s condemning everything that Supreme Leader has built with his bare hands!”

“Is… is this a joke?” said Kim, the colour drained from his face. “General Dho is our most loyal comrade! He’s a pillar of the Cabinet!”

“He’s a dog, that’s what he is!” spat the thin, reedy one at the side. “We’ve obtained proof! We searched his quarters, and we’ve found letters he has written to you, blaming you for everything wrong in the country! See for yourself!” he said, offering up a sheaf of papers, ripped from plain, white envelopes.

“Supreme Leader, fear not, we’ve found out where they are! They thought they were hidden, but we’ve traced them! At your command, we will storm their building, execute them on live camera for the world to see!” howled the stout, grizzled one. “That is the show of force we need, to prove to the world that our glorious motherland is not to be trifled with!”

“Just give us the command!” yelled the loyal Cabinet members, in unison.

Kim looked down at the letters, and indeed, the neat, determined script he had come to recognise on sight, they carried not the empathetic words of support, of encouragement he was used to over the months and the years. Instead, they spelled out unmistakable calls for rebellion, and at the end of every page, repeated three times at the conclusion for added effect, were General Dho’s condemnation of Kim's rule, a rallying call to the insurgents.

No victory without sacrifice.

---

/r/rarelyfunny


"This is it. This is the glorious day that we will take the world by storm!" 

I looked at the advisor who spoke, Admiral Whats-his-fuck, and forced my cheesiest super villain smile. The rest of the idiots were grinning as well. 


“Where have you aimed the missile, Supreme Leader?”


Another one of the jackasses was speaking now. I barely avoided gritting my teeth. As if they didn't basically tell me where to point it earlier. “The devils of the United States, of course. Have a little faith.”


I wasn't sure we even had an airplane that could make that flight, much less a missile, but they kept grinning like toddlers with stolen cookies. I so longed to silence them. 


“Begin the countdown!!!”


I couldn't even control my sigh. Who was giving the orders here, anyway? Assholes. 


“Patience, my friends. I must ensure that the world is aware that they will soon witness our greatness!” I leaned over to my press agent. “You sent out everything right? Especially the part about Trump basically being a little bitch?”


He nodded, his eyes bright, clearly approving of such apocalypse-inciting rhetoric. I returned the nod and looked up to the sky. Shouldn't there be a red white and blue missile hurtling in from somewhere by now? 


“Supreme Leader! Let us begin our domination of the world!”


I still gazed up at the blue sky, then shrugged my shoulders. I had sincerely hoped I'd given them enough warning to warrant a justified response. “Begin the countdown.”


A loud cheer rose up from the advisors, and a much less enthusiastic, but still quite loud, cheer rose up from the civilians “permitted” to witness the spectacle. 


I let out the second exasperated sigh of my evening, and surely not the last, as the missile corkscrewed away like a drunk sparrow and plunged into the ocean below. 


No one was ever going to take us seriously. Maybe if I kidnapped some actual scientists.. 

[/r/intotheslushpile](http://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile)


'Today is the day!!r' 

Fluffs stared at me with his piercing black eyes. From time to time it surprised me, even after all those years, I could still find myself lost in those deep black pools. Pops had bought Fluffls for me on my second birthday, and till this day he remained my most trusted adviser and confidant. There were days where it seemed that he was my only friend, that he was the only one that got me. Today was one of those days.

'Well there's no use dilly-dadiling. Better get on with it.'

I hugged him one last time before getting out of bed and placing him at his rightful place; in front of Lieutenant Wabby and Filed Marshal Teddy. 
I stripped off my T-Rex onesie, switched off Katy Perry as she asked me If I ever felt like a plastic bag, and begrudgingly got ready for the day ahead of me. Today I knew my plan of past years will come to fruition. Donning my one black suit-onesie, fantasized about the taste of frothed caramel melting in my tongue, and checked my to-do list.

1) Jog
2) Breakfast
3) Meditate
4) Write in Gratitude Journal
5) ~~Give speech promising nuclear annihilation of the West~~
   Give THE speech

The funny thing was that my great nation that was superior to all nations that ever were and ever would be in the entire galaxy and possibly even the universe (the latter was a point of scientific debate right now) had enough nuclear warheads to blow up the sun- a courtesy of Dadda. And if I wanted, I could summon the four horsemen. But I didnt want that, all I wanted was a grande Caramel Frappuccino, and the word was that my neighbors in the South had the technical know how to supply my needs. I couldnt bomb them, the secrets that my heart so dearly yearned for would be among the first casualties. The alternative: join them. 

And in order to join, I had to thump my chest, make a show of firing fake rockets (that couldnt reach the bathroom at the far end of my palace, let alone America) and promise the destruction of Western civilization. There were those that did not understand, but they were merely morons ignorant of the marvels a caramel based drink could offer. They were soon 'mistaken' for air-crafts and shot down appropriately, or poisoned- whatever took Fluffls fancy that day. Nothing could stand between me and my hearts desire. I will lead my nation to defeat, and savor in the spoils of my collapsed nation. If only those damn Americans would grow a pair and invade...

But today I am optimistic. Today, before the day is over, the blue, red and white will be flying over Pyongyang. Today, there will be a speech. A speech devoid of any chest-thumping, military parades, promises of annihilation, missile tests, or any of the useless tactics of old. Today`s speech will be the last one I give in my  pre-Frappuccino carnation. It will be the shortest one yet.

Today I get up on stage, look directly at the camera, hold up my hand and utter these poetic words: `President Trump, I urge you to take note of the size of my hand. It is, without a doubt, bigger than yours.`


***Its my first time here, please be gentle.***

I walk down the marbled halls of the Chancellor’s Palace. My foreign advisor, Sun Ja Phar, stalks quietly behind me, assaulting me with a lengthy report of the current goings-on of the world.

“After failing to negotiate the arms deal with the British swine, the foolhardy president of the Japanese oppressors made another inane speech about policies, which will surely help create the deep divide between the United Slaves and Japan and the rest of the world that we have been waiting for for so long.” 

Ja Phar licked at his moustache between sentences, possibly trying to get a second taste of the pork stew he had for lunch earlier. He stumbled over many of the longer words in his report, spoke almost exclusively in run-on sentences, and habitually mispronounced “United Staves”. These factors combined to create an air of idiocy and incompetence that the rail thin man had carefully cultivated over many years of service. But I knew. I knew that behind the veil of foolishness lay a man of incredible cunning and malice. I had figured this out long ago after the death of my father.

“Furthermore, we can expect the amount of international aide that the peasants will receive shall double thanks to our successful missile test off the coast of the People’s Republic, which will certainly-“

“Pardon, Ja Phar, but I thought that the missile was to be fired into one of the cities of Japan?”

“Yes sir, but I thought it most wise to tell the generals to fire the new rockets farther south, and you know how I just have such a way with those generals, and how they always follow my council.”

“My orders were to fire the missiles at Osaka. I should hope that you of all people would follow my orders Sun.”

“Of course sir, I shall make sure sir that the next time you wish to bomb the Japanese sir that I will oblige sir.”

I stifle the urge to give Sun Ja Phar a glare, knowing that his “way with the generals” could easily be used to his advantage. Damn. I had hoped that the most recent test would help to stir up the hornet’s nest, so to speak. Perhaps I’ll just make another speech insulting the American President. I do doubt that it will be war worthy, but anything to rile up the west I suppose.

“Is there anything else to report for the day, Sun?”

“Yes indeed there is, and I have left a folder full of information related to the news upon your desk, inside your office, which I hope you will give a good look through.”

“Thank you Sun. That will be all. “

I rapidly walk ahead into my office, and shut the gilded door as quickly as possible to avoid more of Sun’s reports. I make doubly sure that the door is actually locked this time, and I trundle over to my desk. Suns report (nearly three inches thick!) is neatly deposited into my personal garbage chute. Perhaps it will give some illiterate janitor something to bring home to burn for warmth; Father knows it will likely last the lucky man a week. I look over to my father’s old liquor cabinet. Brandy aged for fifty years, wines from the cellars of French kings, and vodka made from a rare and endangered species of Latvian potato lined the shelves behind shaded brown glass. I simply went over to the mini-fridge beneath it to grab a gallon jug of chocolate milk instead. 

Ever since my elder brother was arrested in Tokyo Disneyland chocolate has been a dear friend and ally. Perhaps if he had been able to find a better fake passport he would have been able to visit the inane amusement park without being disinherited, and he would have to deal with this madness instead of me. I believe that the Americans say something along the lines of ‘the sight of your rear is measured in twenties’, which I think means that it is easier to say how to fix mistakes in the past than the present. 

I’ll be damned if I don’t like to complain about the past however. Maybe if those damned Americans had just left us to the Chinese we wouldn’t be living in poverty. Maybe if we had reformed during the fall of the Soviets like nearly every other nation we wouldn’t be at odds with the entire world. Maybe if Sun Ja Phar had done as I damn well asked him to the United Nations would be knocking on my palace door right now, and I would be finally free from the hassles of being the figurehead for this nation of madmen. ‘Such is life’, I think, taking another swig from the rapidly emptying gallon bottle. 

But perhaps there is something useful to be found in the past. Yes, yes! If the world was put at war not once but twice before, perhaps there is a simple way to do it again. But how, I wonder? The United States’ current president is not likely to start a war with me for nothing. If I do manage to anger him the best I could hope for will likely be a drone missile through my office window. The States do go through leaders like the peasants through their monthly rations, however. Maybe the next president will be more unstable.

Maybe *I* could help the States choose a more unstable president.
All of a sudden, I remember something I saw some time ago on an American social media site. Some American land-owner who’s tried to get into American politics before, but failed. A man who tried to sue a fat women for insulting him, and who legend has it built a wall around the home of a family who wouldn’t sell him their property. Maybe even someone thin skinned enough to start a war if I were to merely insult him, perhaps?

I toss the empty bottle of chocolate milk to the floor, I have something I dearly need to do now. I pick up my phone and call one of my Russian contacts.

“Boris? I need to get on the phone with President Vladimir. I have an idea that I think he’s going to want to hear.”


I crawl out of bed and stretched. Today is the day I finally do it. We, the once great Democratic People's Republic of Korea, rise from our squalor. I am Kim Jong Un, the Supreme Leader and the globally ridiculed fool. My plan has worked perfectly.

I have spent years watching my father try to make us great again. Never was it going to be possible, so since the day I took the mantle of leader I have been planning. Planning to truly make my country great again by uniting with the South.

I collected my things and got ready for the day. It was entirely possible I was not going to live. In fact, it was a great chance I would die by the hand of my own government. But that didn't matter. I couldn't sit by watching my people starve any longer.

There was one place that didn't starve: The South.

I put on my military uniform and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked a foolish slob. I tried for years to get the world at large to ridicule and hate me. I hoped it would drive my country to war in which I could admit defeat and acquiesce to South Korea. That plan never came through. We didn't have the culture to be so interesting to other countries.

There was one place that had great culture though: The South.

I grabbed up my secret weapon and headed for the stairs. Outside, tens of thousands gathered and countless more watched on television across the country. The people were not happy and they were hoping for good news.

There was one place where the people were always happy: The South.

I emerged from the doors to the balcony, the paper wrapped package under my arm. I stepped up to the microphones and the people below cheered. They had to cheer otherwise they would be punished. They were not free people.

There was a place of freedom though: The South.

I tapped the microphone and spoke, "Great people of Korea. As your Supreme Leader, I have been devising a plan to make the world accept our greatness. There is only one true option and I hope you all accept my decision. The South is the option."

I began to unwrap the package. Blue and red cloth unfurled. I raised it up and bellowed, "The South will rise again!"

"FOR THE CONFEDERACY!" The ~~Union Jack~~ Confederate Flag billowed brightly above me.  

*******

You never did specify what south. Hehehe. I love the idea of Kim Jong Un driving the general lee.


Ever since that year there was only this thought in my mind, of leaving this dreaded country, where all my moves were watched all day. I grew up to be the leader, but every time I stood for peace something was taken from me. First my trusted generals, then my beloved brother, one by one all I cared about was no more. Now I know it's a matter of time before my son is born and they come for me too, and I all I always wanted was to live a normal life in south korea, and play some Starcraft.


I had tried working out. I had tried dieting, I had tried pills, and so many other things and in the end, I could never get the body I wanted. Sure, I got "better", in that I wasn't morbidly obese, and sure, I had friends and family assure me that I looked "okay" and "better" and that "what matters is that you're healthy". And I was very healthy. I walked a lot, I had slightly low blood pressure instead of high (a very important variable for the study). Nobody had asked me out on a date in the past 10 years (and I'm only counting that one because it was valentine's day of grade 7), but between the insulating fat, the low blood pressure, the high IQ, knowing five languages, and being able to hike a few miles without issue, I was a prime candidate for the experiment. Not having abs or defined muscle tone wasn't an issue.

Of course I agreed. I didn't exactly have quite the life. If all went according to plan, I would wake up in a new century as a living time capsule. If it didn't... I wouldn't need antidepressants anymore. 

Everything looked different when I woke up. The capsule opened, as it was supposed to. I was disoriented for the first few minutes, but as the various drugs finished waking me up, I noticed the foggy grey of the sky, and the bright redness of the sun. At noon. 

"The fuck?" I muttered, and climbed out. The capsule had opened automatically, and there was nobody there to greet me. Nor anybody just... Hanging out at the facility. I walked around in the white scrubs I had been given for a while until I noticed some hikers. 

"Hey! Hey, the research centre is empty, did something happen?" 

The two men stared at me mesmerized. They were clearly disfigured by something, one had one arm far smaller than the other, both of their jaws looked infested by tumours, and they were both using strange robotic crutches to walk. 

They stared at me, their mouths open, their eyes filled with fear and awe and lust and all these weird emotions at once that I can't remember ever eliciting. My head swiveled for a moment, but there was nothing right behind me. 

"Hey? Guys? How long have I been out?" 

The one with the disfigured arm fainted. The other continued to stare.

"Um... Alo?" He squeaked at me.

"Hello, yes? Research centre? Over there? Empty? What year is it?" 

"It-it-it-it--" he babbled and stuttered for a moment. 

"Dude, chill," I said, putting my hand on his shoulder. He passed out too. 

With no other immediate source of information, I sat on the ground cross-legged and waited until the one with the shrunken arm woke up. 

"Hello. My name is Ana. I just woke up from a cryogenic chamber. What year is it?" 

"Twenty-two fourteen." 

"Okay. That's good. For a moment I wondered if you guys spoke intelligible English."

"What are you?" 

"Um... I just said--" 

"No cryogenic chamber could have survived the wars. Everything was destroyed. And... And you're so beautiful..."

He extended his small arm towards me. It was a little creepy but I did my best not to pay attention to that, because I didn't want to be ableist and also because if I reacted poorly he might collapse again. 

"...Right... Anyway, is there like, a nearby town?" 

"Yes. Yes of course. We can take you there." 

He touched his friend's neck, and in a moment he woke up. 

"Why did you not wake us earlier, um... Ana?" He asked me as his friend rubbed his eyes. 

"I thought you weren't supposed to try to wake up people who had passed out," I said. 

"A simple stimulation of the vagus nerve and the six-two-four points in the Lasega map do it." 

"...'kaaay." I said with a nod. He alternated between staring at the ground and staring at me. 

"So, you have a name?" I asked. 

"Yes. Yes, I am Laeroeak." 

"Leroek?" 

"Laeroeak." 

"Laroak?" 

He repeated his name some four times, and we settled on me calling him "Lay". 

"I am sorry I fainted." His friend said. "I could not handle your touch." 

I frowned, and he stared. The staring was becoming a problem. 

"Your hands are so soft..." 

"Can we get back to the part where I get to a town or something?" 

"Yes, of course! Everyone must see you!" 

"And your name?" 

"Ghantenebhurita." 

I rubbed my temples. We settled on Ghan. After some walking, they became perplexed. 

"You are not tired." 

"...That was like... Two hundred metres." I said. 

"We came with camping gear, but you... How are you not tired? Is your acetylcholine synthesis infinite? Do you have superior lactic acid? Are your muscle fibres made of carbon nanotubes?" 

"What the fuck? No, I'm just walking! Is everyone in the future like this?" 

We stopped as a small river hindered our path. I jumped onto a rock, then from the rock across to the other side. They watched in awe. 

"What are you?" 

"...How did you guys make it before...?"

"Biodegradable preprogrammed assemblybots." 

Ley had his robot-assisted arm fetch a ball from his pocket, and threw it in the river. Within seconds a bridge appeared, and they crossed it.

"Nice." 

"You like it?" He asked with a smile. "I changed the design to resemble old bridges, Ana of the Past." 

I frowned. "...How? You... You literally just threw it in." 

"I programmed it before." 

"Before coming, you mean." 

"No, as I got it from my bag." 

My eyes grew, but I simply nodded. 

Even with their robotic crutch aid, they got tired by the second km, and I had to wait for them. 

"I am literally just coming out of cryostasis. I have not eaten in two hundred years. How are you the tired ones?" I didn't tell them about the adrenaline shots I'd gotten to wake up, but... Still. Ghan looked at me in admiration. 

"How are you still breathing?" He asked between gasps. 

"We're walking at the pace of grandmas, how would I not?" 

By the time we arrived at the nearby town, there was a crowd waiting with food and water and curious eyes. Apparently, Ley had taken the liberty of thinking at them to do that. 

Everyone stared at me like I was Aphrodite incarnate.

PART 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6r9hy1/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl4jvh8/

PART 3 /r/Eager_Question_Writes/comments/6rfp4k/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl4sah1/

PART 4 /r/Eager_Question_Writes/comments/6rfp4k/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl592du

PART 5 /r/Eager_Question_Writes/comments/6rfp4k/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl6psql/

PART 6 /r/Eager_Question_Writes/comments/6rfp4k/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl7wikw/

PART 7 https://www.reddit.com/r/Eager_Question_Writes/comments/6rfp4k/wp_as_an_average_looking_genius_with_a_weak/dl9ds9m/


I stepped out of the pod, the steam a cool chill on my body. *Idiots!* I thought. They had said only ten years! From the looks of it, it had been at least one hundred. They scientist who talked too much before he sent me into sleep probably accidentally added a zero.

I looked at my body, sighing. One hundred years had not been good on me. Everyone would judge me.

I exited the lab room, stepping out in to the large white exterior room. There were tons of scientists milling about, each one wearing a form of a veil. It was difficult to distinguish their features. One of them turned to me, and started to call out in excitement.

"Guys! The eternal speaker has awoke-" his clipboard clanged to the ground as he stared at me, his jaw wide open.  I winced inside, I wasn't *that* ugly was I?

"Wow," he said, "God has returned to mankind."

"Fuck off!" I yelled, flipping him the bird. What an asshole. As I moved to exit the room I heard more whispers. I couldn't completely decipher some of the words, as the language had undoubtably changed during my sleep.

News of my awakening quickly spread, though unfortunately not for the reason I expected. Everyone around the world was mocking me for my physique, calling me "the perfect being" and "an angel incarnate." It was horrible. The world had gotten so cruel. I had volunteered to enter deep sleep to escape the insults... the name calling... the *sting*. It was even worse now. I started to break down. I couldn't take it any longer, everyone was so cruel.

"Please!" I heard a yell off to the side. A group of men and women were standing together, their features still masked, calling out to me. I turned, bracing myself for another cruel attack.

"Let us touch you! Please, Beauty of Mankind. No Nanogenetisict could engineer a specimen so perfect!" 

I didn't fully understand what a Nanogenetisict was, but I understood enough. I stood still, praying that I would just dissapear. They walked closer, and two tentatively reached out their hands to me.

*Assholes,* I thought, *They were even playing the part...* 

Their fingers touched me, and they shuddered.

Both fainted.

I stared at them in complete shock. They didn't seem to be faking...

The rest of the group stared at me, some periodically convulsing in what seemed to be pure pleasure. 

One of them, a woman, gasping for air spoke to me.

"How?!" she sputtered out. "How are you so beautiful? How can we be like you?"

This was real then. I sank to the ground, relief consuming me. It was as if I had lived my life in metal chains, constantly pulling me down. It had finally happened. I was beautiful. I could have anything I wanted, any girl I wanted. The world was mine for the taking. This was my chance.

I froze.

This was my chance.

I looked at the woman who was in complete worship of me. At the men bowing down to me. And for what? For looks? 

I looked at them, a new feeling brewing inside me. The desire for change. To help the me of the past, to start a movement which I always wished would happen.

"True beauty is on the inside."


***
Humor, Scifi, Reality Fiction and FeelGood stories over at [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)!


"Look at those *abs*! Holy crap, they look like the one Jason yonder had 17 years 23 days 2 hours 12 minutes 1 second 712 pneumonanoseconds ago!" Clara gushed as I rolled my eyes. It was a pain understanding their lingo, especially since I'd only received knowledge on Fermat's Last Theorem and the like, but I was starting to learn. Though elementary grade students could still far surpass my understanding. She held a tiny computer in her hand, made of component's I'd never heard of, though she was huffing and puffing at its weight. I remembered the first time, when I lifted one of them and laughed at its lightness. It was lighter than a feather. But the slimness of the limbs and the 'degramaglariation' of the 'scrulesis movement of gloglari molecules' caused it. I didn't know shit about what that meant, but I took it to mean something important. My knowledge on physics was vast at my time, but now? Physics was nothingness; ot at least, mixed and matched with various other studies I'd never heard of or dabbled with, one of them being cryogenesis. My value at the college was that: a real life cryogenesis example from way past. I liked the idea of young girls patting my stomach, but it was morally repulsive for a man of my age.

"Well," said John, a bright young boy who at least took the time to understand the basics and theories of the past, "Let's get you started, Albert!" I winced, partly at the excitement and partly at the way I was called. I rubbed my tousled hair thoughtfully, though my thoughts were probably processed by electrovolcalolic partimolesules. I couldn't care less.

"Call me Mr. Einstein, please," I corrected him.
______________________________
More over at r/Whale62! Sequels at popular request!

Edit: [Here's Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Whale62/comments/6rahr5/cryointelligent_part_2/)


Until I got here, I never thought about attractive chimpanzees.

Consider: to me, all chimps look much the same; human enough to be hideous, but not in a way that makes one ape much more or less ugly than the next. I look at them, and ultimately they're just animals; one individual blends to the other as I look at them in their cage. That's just what they are, to me. 

But, of course, that isn't the case for them. I look at two chimps, and can't distinguish between them— a chimp looks at them both, and one is astonishing in her beauty and the other so hideous she makes you want to retch. Attraction seems so universal when you feel it. But beauty really is in the eye of the beholder, and most of the world's beholders were never human. And that's clearer than ever, now I'm the only human there is.

Oh, the people here still call themselves human, out here in the distant future. But they're different enough to the people I knew that "human" is the last word we'd use to describe them. They are long, but somehow fat as well; they are ponderously slow as they drag their enormous heads along the ground. When they speak, they do it with mouths that are long and toothy in a way that makes me retch. The people here do not look like people, not any more. They look almost human in a way that is totally inhuman. They remind me of chimps, of animals.

But they are not the animals here. When I arrived people talked to me, listened to my fears. But they still experimented on me, and they still put me in a cage. I was part of an ancestor race, and they said they respected that. But eventually I realised they were talking to me in the way our people would talk to a dog. I could understand a tiny amount of their world – like a chimp could understand a tiny amount of mine – but nothing like enough to be welcomed into it as an equal. I have some rights, and I retain some dignity. But in the end, I am still seen as an animal, and in the end I still remain in my tiny cage.

There are no humans like me in the world anymore. If another were to come here they would think me the most beautiful creature here, though in my time I was anything but. If we were to engage in a contest of strength with our captors we could shatter their stupid bones, mash their bodies into pulp. But the chimps of our time could have broken the strongest of us, and by animal standards they were also geniuses. And brains always triumph against brawn, and evolution is always about the brains you have relative to the other creatures in the world. Strength didn't matter, and the brains we had weren't enough. That was always the case for them, and now it's the case for me.

When I was young in the fossilised past, people in my school used to challenge evolution. Some of them were stupid, but I don't think all of them were: the fear I saw in their eyes remains in the faces of the people who stare through the bars at me today. It's the fear of being connected to a fear wider world, of creatures who do awful, violent things, who are and who are not like you. It's the fear of being like them and not being like them, and not being able to distinguish where the similarities between you lie. It's ironic, but I think that terror is one of the similarities between us all. The fear of being an animal is a particularly animal fear. And it was with that fear in their minds that my long-dead schoolmates advanced this argument: if evolution is true, where are the transitional forms? If this creature is an ape and that creature is a man, where are the things that are not quite one or the other?

I know the answer to that question now, and it is not what they would want to hear. The transitional forms packed that classroom and the world, spilled into every continent on Earth and thought themselves the apex of something. Their bodies were weak and their brains were enormous, but maybe not quite enormous enough to imagine that process marching on. And if they'd done that, and imagined the captors I have today, maybe they'd have understood what evolution really meant. And maybe then they'd have fought it, harder and more ineffectively than before.

I am stronger than a man, and weaker than a chimp. I am the smartest of all the animals, smart enough that I once sat in front of an invisible line that seperated us from them. But now the line has moved, and now I'm the second best. And so many of my fellow apes know that the people in charge never consider that enough.

I look out of my cage, at the people who wonder what I'm thinking. I look into their eyes, and silently wonder the same.


"...be starting to wake up soon..."

Leon groaned. Although no sound actually came out, which was a little surprising; it was more of a raspy breath to his ears.


He had just stepped into the cryogenic pod, relieved at the prospect of waking up cancer-free, possibly with a slight hangover. He didn't recall even the faintest whisper of a dream, but his toe still hurt from where he stubbed it climbing in. Odd, he thought. He could feel some pain, but couldn't move anything or even discern which way up he was.


He tried to open his eyes.

"...like you were right, this would've been a killer in his time."

Nope. Nothing. A brief moment of panic set is as he realised the process may have paralysed him. Wait... cold. He felt cold, on his back. He was lying down. 

Before he could try to open his eyes again, he felt a humming vibration between his ears. It wasn't painful, but definitely an odd sensation, like someone had taken his skull out and put it on a quick spin dry. 


"... should take care of it. Ameline, set a booster and uh... oh. "

Arms. Fingers. At last. He wasn't paralysed. Moving was still out of the question - he was just about managing to breathe, but that was about it. 

"He's got toxins in his blood as well. Might be a result of the cryogenic process, although I'm not sure how that would cause this ... didn't you say 21st century?"

"Mid 21st."

"Of course! Alcohol. I've read about this. Let's clear that up as well."


Leon squeezed his eyes shut, and then slowly forced them to open against the harsh light.


"Hah! Heeeellooooo old man! Howwww errr ewe? Elle oh Elle!"

The lights and shapes slowly came into focused as Leon blinked. He wasn't entirely sure what he was looking at, but it appeared to be a ghostly white, upside-down face, riddled with various black metallic rings and... something else. Human, as far as he could tell. The face slowly rotated and looked at him expectantly, smiling broadly. 

Leon tried to find his voice, managing only a croak and a whisper.

"... wha... water"

"Snards! Silly me... hydration!" The face continued rotating disconcertingly. Leon looked further and saw a thin, frail body encased in some sort of black frame, rotating along with the man's face. One of his arms reached out of view and came back with a transparent fabric pouch that looked like it contained water.

"Doesn't have any alcohol in it I'm afraid" he winked.


Another arm came into view, clad in the same metallic frame. Leon didn't get a chance to see it's owner, being distracted by an eight legged, black creature attempting to climb from it onto Leon's arm.

Leon managed a yelp and swiped at it weakly, sending it sailing into the air, legs flailing for something to grab. It was surprisingly light, but hard. 


The rotating face turned, open-mouthed and wide-eyed, as a crunching sound signalled the creatures arrival at the wall. The face turned back to him with a mix of shock and disbelief.

"Snards!"


Finally, I had completed my life's work. A machine that would turn me into the most handsome man in the world!! To be fair, I already am pretty much the most handsome man in the world, but most people just dont seem to agree. How naive. What do those gorillas in armor slamming into eachother have that I dont? Thats what my research sought to answer. I couldnt dare toil with the scum and judge people solely based on looks, but after this the world will have no choice but to take me seriously. More importantly, maybe Fee would finally love me. Oh, Fee Ictional, how my heart beats for you. The suspense was killing me, I had to try it out. I ran to the pod as fast as I could, but the muscles in my legs had grown tired from the months of work. I tripped into the pod, and smashed my skull into the back-wall. That was the last thing I would experience for 3,000 years.

When I awoke, I immediately began coughing up blood. Breathing was damn near impossible. I turned around, cold and confused, to see 15 or so people who looked to have anorexia. Their eyes widened.
"I never expected him to be so handsome!"
I smiled, and stumbled my way out of the pod. It worked, though my muscles were even weaker than when I had entered for some reason. I pushed through the twigs in my way, and accidently ripped the door off of the wall. The blinding light of flash photography rivaled the god awful noises they all made. 
"So strong! Tell us, sir, can you speak? Do you know what an apple is? Ah-pull. We eat apples. Do you want an apple?"

I tried not to roll my eyes but I couldnt help it. "Shut the fuck up, of course I can speak. Tell me how to get out of this place."

They all stood there speechless and unsure how to respond. I didnt know where I was or how I had gotten there. I knew the device would knock me out for a while but this was uncalled for. I should have been in my basement running diagnostics. It didnt matter because I was getting out. I ran out the door and through the building. At a rather sharp turn, I slipped on some of the beauty fluid I had created and crashed through the wall. It felt almost paper thin. On the otherside I finally realized this wasnt the world I knew. Just like I had imagined as a child, flying boats filled the skies! Ground-airplanes filled the roads. This place rocks!

I walked into the middle of the road, awestruck. The people on the sides of the busy road stared at me with just as much awe. A few women let out cries and fell to the ground. I ran to the nearest one to help, but the ground-plane drivers had different plans. I flinched as they crashed into me, but it didnt hurt at all. What was this place made of?

The woman on the sidewalk held up her hand and pleaded that I not come any closer. Now that I was right next to her, I noticed she was rather cute. Her cheeks were flushed red, and she clutched her dress on the ground with her spare hand. She didnt look quite as anorexic as the people I had seen before, so that alone was a plus. For a moment I became entoxicated by her beauty. She must have noticed (after all, I WAS nude) because her face somehow turned even more red. Literally redder than red. It was mind boggling.

I couldnt think about it for long, though, because police sirens filles the air. With a flash of light, a ground-plane filled with officers appeared. And one by one, screaming "TAZE HIM, SHOOT HIM, TACKLE HIM" they ran at me. I held up my hands to defend myself from the police and the bullets, but their bullets just bounced off of me. I held my hands up, but this spooked the officers because, even though I hadnt realized, policemen were grappling each of my arms.

The lead officer unloaded all of his shotgun shells into me as he backed away, sweating profusely. 
I reassured him, "You have nothing to fear, I surrender."
However he was still on guard.

At the police office, in clothes that were far too tight, we all got a grip on our situations. The officers learned my story, and I learned I was in the far off year of 5,017. In a way, I had succeeded my goal. The officers explained to me the culture of the day, and by their standards I was more attractive than any known portrayal of god. It was disheartening to know everyone I remembered was dead, but they never appreciated my work anyway. Hell, they didnt even care enough to check my basement. Fuck those guys.

The officer moved on, though.
"Now because of your specific case, we're not going to charge you for indecent exposure. The woman you encountered didnt want to press charges either. The president of the united planets has given the OK, and you can live with the firefighters if ever you need a place to stay."

And so began my new life. Not only was I hot, I was a genius! On my way out of the office, I encountered the woman from the side of the road. Fay. Fay ke, according to the police.

As she noticed me, she fell to the ground again. I had a feeling this was going to get old
fast. 

Over the coming weeks, I realized I was so hot that she literally could not stand. The weakened state of these post-humans means their bodies cease to function come orgasm. I dont want to toot my own horn, but all I had to do to incite that was look at her.

Many women came (came again, so to speak,) and went in my future life, but they were different. They threw out terms like "gluon cluster magnification" and "biological super extension beam" on the regular, and having those things re-explained to me got in the way of things. Also Fay was like a billion times hotter than them, but I like to think Im better than that.

Naturally, I moved in with her after we started porkin' it because she had grown so accustomed to seeing my awesome physique that she needed me in her daily life. She was the only one who understood my work, perhaps she was even as smart as I am. No, I thought. Impossible.

Life was pretty good, till earth day. Fay wasnt as lively that morning. I tried to cheer her up, but she just held up her phone. I looked at it, sure it was nothing, to see a picture of her next to a picture of Fee. She was on some forum site, Shreditt, and she had asked who was hotter. All the responses from guys proclaimed that they.. "splooged" on sight of the picture. 

"How did you get that picture, Fay?"
"Its tattooed on your ass, I took it myself."
 I had forgotten myself, really. I was extremely drunk that night. The thought of thousands of men getting off to a picture of my ass made me chuckle, though.

"Whats the big deal, its not like Im gay"

Fay rammed her fist in to my stomach. It hurt not because of pain, but because of what she was TRYING to do.

She screamed at me, crying, "You fucking idiot! You dont love me at all! You dont think Im beautiful, how could you with that slut on your ass, and you never take me seriously! Any time I try to mention my research on quantum biodegradable neuro-dihydrogen-monoxocyclocarbons you just stare at me! Were you really so stupid that your only hope at ever being happy was to wait until a world that would appreciate you would arrive?"

We argued for about an hour. In that time Fay revealed to me how stupid I am in their standards. She told me how she had gotten butt implants that I had never noticed, and I told her how and why I ended up here. She scoffed at the idea of beauty juice, and ordered me to leave.

That was my last hope at happiness here. The only person I thought understood me I was hurting all along. And not JUST because I was so much stronger than she was and I got a kick out of suplexing my sexual partners. Somehow Im going to have to make this right.

TL;DR: Fee? Fay! Faux bum?!?!?!


I used to be the smartest, if not one of the smartest. Rejected by my kind for my intellect, I had sought to escape the shallowness of society. A society that judged you by the way you looked rather than the way you thought. Simpletons, driven purely by primal desires. A vestige that we should have been long discarded.

A thousand years, I thought to myself. A thousand years was what I needed to be among my kind. A place where I truly belonged. A society of minds, not looks. 

So I retreated from my fellow brethren, hidden myself in a bunker, and built myself a cryogenics pod. A thousand years of sleep, where I will finally walk among my kind. People who would truly see me for who I am, an intellectual. Not an ugly nerd.

Perhaps a thousand years may have been too much.

"Oh my dear sister, look at his legs. Those muscles and tone!" the woman opposite me shrieked.  It was the first time any woman enthused over my appearance, but I did not enjoy it one bit. 

I pushed her hover chair gently away. "I'm sorry, but I am here to give a talk," I said, trying to ignore the swooning 'Ooohs' and 'Ahhs' around me. This was supposed to be a scientific conference, not a Hollywood red carpet.

"Hollywood doesn't exist anymore, Mr Parker," I hear another lady's voice. She had maneuvered across the obstacle and into my path. Her giant figure, mostly head and little of others, towered over me and her hover chair was struggling to hold her in place. In fact, many of the people seemed too big for their hover chairs. I was the only human still walking on my two feet.

I must have seemed confused, because she quickly added. "Oh, if you're wondering, most of us are able to read your thoughts based on your expression."

"No, I was not thinking about that," I lied, as I pushed her hover chair out of the way too. At least the chairs were not heavy. Or it could be that I was the only man to be still using my hands. I never felt stronger before, but at the same time, never felt so different.

The crowd gave one last scream as I walked past the barrier and into the hall. Despite it being called a scientific conference, I had the nagging feeling that it was just a show. One where I was to be ogled at.

A thousand years. I must have miscalculated.

--------------------

*More tales at /r/dori_tales so do subscribe!*


I was known as the one that brought peace. Remember that death ray Nikola Tesla claimed to have operational? Yeah he went over budget so never got to build a full size one. I did, I built an actual dead ray. And any country that had the money bought one from me. With those billions of dollars I gave one to every country that didn't. And peace was sustained for the first part of my lifetime. That wasn't even my biggest accomplishment. I was raged as a great philosopher, scientist, and writer. But  arguably my biggest accomplishment was the cloning of Walt Disney. And the subsequent discovery how to actually preserve a living human in cryogenic stasis. This one I didn't do on my own of course. But I was the brain. I was the first and so far only subject when two years after our cloning. I got testicular cancer. I fought it for 5 months. Meanwhile my team of scientists, which got bigger by the week, where preparing the cryogenic chamber. I got put in it when the doctors said I only had a week to live. 

While our method of cryogenic freezing, Actually preserved me near perfectly. The  method of safely unfreezing was only found 1 millennium after I was frozen. I don't think anybody can imagine what a millennium does to a world. Especially such a world as ours. Because of the little decay my body had endured I had to relearn everything. Which was convenient because everything had changed. Even the flora and fauna had changed in the time I was unconscious. Addapting to this new world was difficult. Not only because of the complete new technology's, languages, but because of the current generation of humans. I stood still while the rest of humanity had evolved with a little help of technology. My recovery period was not only interesting for me. But also for the world. Most of it was broadcast and In the following years I taught a lot about how the world was In my time. But the biggest adapting challenge for me was that while in my time I was a genius. Because of this artificial evolution, I was as smart as a common 10 year old. 




Note: wrote on mobile, and no sleep. any help with any mistakes I made is welcome.   Formatting help wouldn't be left unappreciated either. 

Edit: realism


I don't know how long it's been since I woke up in the year 5271 but I wish I never had. From the moment I woke up I was a captive. I had tried numerous times to escape. I failed every time, they would use illusions, holograms I don't know what to make me believe I had escaped and then they seemed to laugh, although it sounded more like a severe asthma attack to me. 

I don't understand anything they say, nothing is familiar and nothing seems to function as I would expect. I feel like a insect trapped in glass jar, unable to change or affect anything surrounding me. You would have thought after a few thousand years and increased intelligence we would have become less violent, well turns out we didn't. 

You see right now, for lack of a better word, I'm a gladiator. A relic stuck in the future with superior strength to all other existing humans. The best fights are when Im up against my fellow humans, those fights are easy unless they bring some advanced weaponry with them. Even then they are slow moving, hunched, and sickly. Almost makes you feel for them, they are ferocious and cruel as you would expect from a human. From what I can tell the humans who participate are not prisoners like me and the others, they seem to volunteer to test their inventions and technology. 

I also fight other species, yes that's right aliens do exist and my god they would scare the living shit out of you. I once fought a creature that literally secreted its own shit from its skin, fucking gross. I had to kill him 5 times before they finally stopped pitting us against each other, mabye they got bored who knows. Ye that's right these future humans can bring you back from the brink at what I can only describe as a resto chamber. They just throw corpses in there and poof they emerge a couple days later good as new. I was thrown in there when I got my ass handed to me by a brotozok, fuckers evolved to have super dense tissue. I can only assume it must have been to survive some harsh homeland climate, it made him sluggish and slow moving but he hit me once and decimated my entire ribcage and rupturing multiple organs. Hurt like a hell before I died.  Next thing I know I'm awake in a resto chamber, those things fuck you up if they keep bringing you back.

They started throwing random weaponry in the pit with me when I fight something that's way out of my league. I think they get amusement seeing me try to figure it out before I get my head bashed in. I'm getting better at it. I think that makes them nervous. After all I am human, their ancestor and they know all too well what we are capable of.


Only the best of the best got to do internal transfers from Google to Verily.  I was one of the lucky ones.  I'd done an undergrad in Biological Chemistry before getting my Ph.D. in CS.  Until now, the Bio had only helped me when crafting some evolution algorithms for ad bidding services, but I'd always wanted to find a way to better combine the two degrees.

My new project involved the MyCry, the ad-supported cryo-pod for everyone.  Designed to pay for itself by injecting ads into your dreams, it was probably at least a decade away from full production.  The problem had always been thawing people, and the truly top Verily people were attacking that topic.  My job was to create the monitoring heuristics.  I loved it.  Figuring out how to keep a system securely running for decades was something that actually challenged me.

As part of the Alphabet push for sustainability, our lab was entirely geothermal powered.  Being right by the Cascadia Subduction Zone, we had plenty of geothermal energy to work with.  Every time I walked through lobby of our building on my way down to the lab in the sub-basement, I passed all kinds of cool readouts showing temperature gradients, seismic activity, peak power generated, and so on.  Like all the Alphabet toys, it just became background noise pretty quickly.

Technically, none of us really needed the pod near our desks.  We always used simulations because we could run so many in parallel, but some manager had thought it might motivate us to have one there, so it sat, quietly humming in the corner of the room next to the drinks and snacks.

--

I always booked my massages for after dinner on Thursday.  If I'd looked up when returning to the building to pick up my stuff, I'd have seen something was definitely up on the seismic measurements, but I didn't.  That's why the shaking caught me completely off-guard.

Having spent a lot of time in California, I wasn't scared of earthquakes, and in general I knew what to do, but this one was different.  Previous earthquakes had seemed like big heavy trucks rumbling by outside.  With this one, the ground felt like it was made of Jello.  I knew diving under my desk wasn't going to cut it, so I looked around frantically for something more stable.

I don't know if diving into the pod was the smartest thing I ever did, or the biggest mistake I made, but it's what I did to save myself from the quake.

--

I don't know if it was the wetness in my mouth I noticed first or the bright light, but eventually I realized I was once again conscious.  My thoughts were extremely sluggish.  Was I late for class?  No, I'd graduated years ago.  Where did I go to sleep last night, and why didn't this feel like my room?  Suddenly, it started to come to me.

I started blinking and looking around.  I'd been frozen, but I was coming around.  That means the guys in Lab 4 had figured out how to thaw me out!  I couldn't wait to thank them.  I spit out the tube in my mouth and started to sit up.

As I moved, my eyes started to work.  Something was completely off.  This wasn't the Verily building, and... were these *kids* running around jabbering at each-other and at me?

"Who... " I croaked, my throat was starting to work again.  "Who are you?"  I started to sit up.

"Caution!  You're hypoglycemic due to the metabolic perturbations resulting from your cryo-torpidity," one of the children said in a shrill voice.

I looked closer at the source of the voice.  It wasn't actually a child, although it strongly reminded me of one.  In fact, what it most looked like was a poor kid I'd known with leukemia, sickly, pale, no hair, bad skin...  The give-away was the face.  While the frame was that of a child, the face was old and sagging.  It was a disturbing mix.

"What?" was my brilliant response to the little person's statement.

"Your... ah... blood sugar levels are low because... you were just thawed," this time the little man spoke more slowly and carefully.  "Be careful you don't um... get dizzy."

I noticed some of the other creatures in the room trying to hide giggles.

"... pineal and pituitary are exhibiting a ... treat with CN70 ..." I could hear a couple of the little creatures discussing something off to the side.

"Excuse me," I said.  "What's up?"

"We ah... were discussing your endocrine system," explained one of the two.  "How do you feel?"

"Not bad, given the situation," I decided.  "Although, I could definitely go for a beer."

This time, it was more than giggles, a few of the little creatures let out squeaky laughs.  I could hear little snatches of conversation things like "morbidity of neurons" and "actual poison".  But, the little man who seemed to be in charge gave the rest of the room a stern look and they quieted down.

"Yes well, perhaps later," he told me.  "My colleague Sar would very much like to do a quick medical examination.  Would that be acceptable to you?"

"One question first," I replied.  "Where am I?"

--

I don't remember how I got from the pod to the examination table.  I must have walked, but my mind was still reeling from learning just what had happened to me.  Everyone I knew was dead.  I hadn't been rescued, I'd been discovered in what was essentially an archaeological dig.  The names "California" and "United States" were still known, but they were clearly words that weren't used often.  The people who'd been there to see me wake up weren't some poor group of misfits, they were simply... people.

I was brought out of my reverie by a pair of hands on my skin.  The doctor and her machines had been doing an examination for several minutes, and until then it had seemed like the typical cold, clinical physical I'd been used to, just with much more advanced technology.  This touch was different.

The doctor had her hands on my chest, running them through my patch of chest hair in what was clearly a state of fascination rather than part of some medical examination.

"Excuse me doctor, what are you doing?"  I asked.

"Forgive me!"  The doctor snatched her hands back, realizing what she'd been doing.  "Of course I'd heard that in your era human males were hirsute, however I'd always calculated it would be...  No, that path of inquiry is unproductive."

A lot of time had passed, and humanity looked very different, but I could still spot a blush on a woman.  I decided to say nothing.

"My colleagues would like to see you in the ah... physiotherapy and recovery room.  Please exit the door then turn right, go 47 metres, take the left hall, 13 metres to the junction, take the third left, 13 metres, turn right and then in 6 metres you'll see the room on the left."

"Sorry, could you write that down?"  I asked, trying to remember if it was a left then a right or a right then a left.

"Ah, well..." the doctor looked around and spotted something that looked like a plastic lollipop.  She tapped a button on it I couldn't see, whispered something into it, and handed it to me.

"Do what it says," she said to me, as the lollipop's face lit up with something looking like a stylized compass.

"Right, ok", I replied, walking out the door, ducking a bit to make sure not to bump my head.

--

I followed the directions the lollipop gave, trying to ignore the stares I was receiving along the way.  I wasn't wearing what I'd think of as a hospital gown, and my butt wasn't out in the wind, but they'd clearly had to adjust the biggest clothes they could find.  Still, what made me stand out wasn't the clothes, it was my size.

I'd once been given courtside seats to watch the Golden State Warriors.  The players who looked normal on TV seemed like lumbering beasts up close.  That was how I felt next to the people walking down the hallway, but not just in size.  They were nearly hairless, they were pale, and to my eyes they looked sickly.

At one point I looked back and noticed that I'd picked up a crowd, it was trailing me as I walked down the hall, and growing slightly larger with each group I passed.

Getting to the Physio room was a relief.  I closed the door behind me and greeted the people waiting for me.

--

I felt bad about breaking the equipment in the physio room.  How was I to know just how fragile it was?  Most of the men in the room seemed annoyed but the women seemed to have a very different reaction.  In fact, I couldn't help notice that there were a lot more women there that didn't seem to truly need to be there.

--

In the weeks that followed, I tried to help explain the MyCry to the people who'd found it, but I was self-aware enough to know that their knowledge was so far ahead of mine that my explanations mostly had them chuckling rather than learning anything.

I wanted to help in some way, so eventually I just asked how I could be most useful.  After some discussions, they came up with a request.  Rather than help them with the technical side, perhaps I'd be willing to help with publicity?

For the publicity shots they had me wear something I hadn't seen anybody wearing yet.  Despite their assurances that it was standard fashion, I couldn't help but notice how much skin it meant I was showing.  They had me sit in the pod with my arms behind my head and my foot propped up on the pod's door.  It seemed a bit undignified, but I wanted to do something to pay my rescuers back.

I'm told that even today mothers are still finding copies of that issue of the journal Nature hidden beneath the mattresses of their teen's beds.  I wish the kids would use smaller words when writing fan mail to me, but I do my best to respond to every letter.

Life in stardate 583720.4 is nice, but I have to admit, I miss beer.


It was so weird when they laughed. 

It was so cold when I woke up- limbs numb from unuse, head foggy from centuries of waiting and body sore from decades upon decades of waiting. We they freed me they were hoping for a pure stock of DNA, but all the got was me. 

These people, our descendants are a terrible people. Appalled that I still tried to talk instead of using the meld melding telepathic technique of "shey whispering" to absorb conversations from the air. And since I was frozen for so long my mouth made me grumble like a half drunk chainsaw with pudding instead of and edge. "Wherereree am Iiiiii, what isssssss this a placeeessSU?" I forced out with the grace of a concrete elephant. 

Nothing. 

I tried again. "Wherrreeeee hammm guy?"

The crowd of onlookers laughed. Over the intercom I heard: "Congratulations class! Today we get to see an example of primitive chest speak. Please go ahead and use your vulgar biological throat voices; no one will be punished for their use of tree speak today, but only in the confines of the Vykekleudrome! All other uses will be seen as an affront to society, punished by 16 hours of labor camp!" The crowd erupted in hysterical laughter. 
 

...


All my life I had dedicated to study.  It had been easy for me to pick up things that most of my classmates had struggled with first in grade school, and then in high school, and finally in college and beyond.  I always had top marks without ever really having to pay attention.  I was lucky, right?

You see, my gift was my curse.  My classmates were jealous of me and my abilities.  Depending on our age, their treatment went from outright taunting (Nina the NERD!) to bullying (shoving me down when teachers weren't looking) to just plain avoidance (unless a group project loomed - then everyone wanted to be with me.)  So, because I was so lonely, I threw myself into my books and projects and reports.  I was easily valedictorian of each class.  My IQ, I would later learn, was one of the highest in my home state.

I took care of my brain, and I took care of my body.  I ate healthily (I would know, after all I'd spent lots of time researching) and I did some biking around my neighbourhood, and I didn't do drugs.  I never did much else physically, though, because it required effort on my part, and I preferred to spend more time with schoolwork.  I wasn't bad looking, but I was by no means an athlete.  I often envied them; not only were they oftentimes strong, but they had a real, natural talent.  Oh, the irony, I know.

Well, enough about my rather depressing childhood.  When I was in grad school, I saw an ad on a bulletin board about a project dealing with cryogenics.  I was surprised and immediately interested in it, because not only did I have a thing for sci-fi, but because I wanted to show off a little with my robotics knowledge.  Yeah...if I couldn't be liked for such cliché things as my personality or looks, I could have that much, right?

Flash forward a years, and our pods were ready for a test subject.  Since it was only supposed to be for a week, I gladly volunteered, especially because I'd be getting extra credit.  I dressed myself in the plain, soft fabric and laid down in the pod.  I took a deep breath, and I closed my eyes.

After what seemed like mere seconds, I opened my eyes.  I blinked rapidly and saw that I was in sterile, silver room, nothing like the basic whites and greens of the grad school's labs I'd come to think of as a second home.  I honestly thought my eyes were playing tricks on me as the pod's lid opened slowly and I sat up.

"Excuse me....where am I?"

Two scientists (students?) turned toward me, mouths hanging agape.  Not unkindly I noticed that one had a severe overbite while the other actually had a...wait...what? third eye growing from his left cheekbone??

"The lady, she awakens, she..." Overbite said.  He then stared at his companion, and they seemed to be communicating via telepathy or perhaps minute twitching of their rather slim appendages.

I started extricating myself from the pod, and I had just stepped down from it as they both turned to me.  Overbite spoke again, this time very slowly and almost as if he were speaking to a child, "You are from the Not-Now.  You are from the Past.  Though our knowledge in," (here he hesitated) "the Robogoltics is very big, we did not have the ways to awaken you.  Now, you are up!"

"Y--yes...but, where am I?  Why did you move me from Lab Room #7?  Where's everyone else?  Who are you?  And....why are you talking to me like that?"

"Lady-Girl, we found your pod in a rubble after The Greatest War.  The others, gone.  This is the year 3013.  We are the science men studying your baby devices.  I use little words for your little intellect.  You make up for this by being beautiful. So, we like you much!"

I rolled my eyes.  I sighed and I cried a little internally.  Me, beautiful?  I could care less about that.  I had worked so hard to be intelligent...and now they thought me stupid?  Stubborn as I ever, I vowed to prove them wrong and learn their technology.  If I could be nice to look at as well, that might be a bonus....The only thing for me to do here is a little more studying, a little more research.


As the mist cleared his mind slowly booted back into action. Back home Corporal Bauers had been a well regarded brainiac in the forces.

"Urgh my head" he rubbed his temples, like a kid with a brain freeze "this is not the few days they promised"

He slowly absorbed his surroundings. He was on a massive trash pile, in the middle of the city. Everyone was meek and slender. There were holographic advertisements everywhere with language he could barely understand.

"Fuck" he exclaimed with a sudden understanding "I'm in a poor ripoff of Idiotcracy by Mike Judge"


I woke up among these weird looking tiny people, who called me God.
 It was creepy as fuck but my head was cranking, I'd woke to vomit and see new faces staring at me and then I passed out. Happened for 3 days until I got a bit better. 
Strangely none of them would talk but one kid would talk in a weird way.
One day I asked him why they called me God and he said cause I was last of the Gods who gave them life. I thought he was tripping until I realised he was in reality an Android, they all were. 

I think am passing out againn...


I could feel my senses slowly gaining strength. First a dull reverberating echo through my ears,  a numb cold through my toes. A bright light seems to sway above my eyes, still held shut by despite every effort to move. The echo becomes clear as my heart finds it's rhythm. Suddenly  I can feel every fiber in my body start to seizure​, the pain was so unbarable even death was welcome. The pain subsides, as I open my eyes. I see blood dispersing though the water that denies my sense of gravity. I relax my fists to see cuts from my own fingernails. The surrounding water turns opaque and quickly leaves the chamber. The bioglass encasing shows at least a millennia of ageing in the best conditions. I can see shadows move thru the room in front of me, back and fourth, back and fourth, in a sense of panic. My chamber opens to silence and all movement becomes complete still, my view distoriented only from a large light staged on me. "Welcome...back...Medical...Doctorate...Eleian...Donoven" the words were forced and robotic.  As I find my voice a short statured man steps forward as the light dims. He was wearing a nicely fitted lab coat although the material was foreign to me. "where am I?" The small tablet he held lit up like fire flies in July.  It was a hologram of Earth, contentental divisions had all but dissapeared, only 2 large land masses and vast ocean we're in view. My suspicions we're all but confirmed. "when am I?" Again the tablet lit up "YEAR...4...2...3...2".  I could sense more and more eyes fixating on me as a low mudder of voices fill the room. I could make out a few words but it was mostly gibberish. A dozen more fitted lab coats step forward, I felt like a giant mutant. I couldn't help but remember when I showed up to my senior prom only to spend the night crying in the bathroom, miss popular decided I would be her next emotional victim that night. All these eyes staring relentlessly on my on weak frame, flat chest, and frizzy blond hair that only acts to covers my abnormally large forehead. As my mind drifts back to the present I examain the crowd in front of me. All short, all brown eyes, all brown hair, all pale as ghost. Perhaps the result of genetic tinkering? But more curiously they seemed to manipulate their faces in impossible expressions, an extremely unique evolution of non verbal communication! I found myself smiling at the clever explanation I made of the absoulte nonsense  surrounding me.  The room exploded in gasps and awwwww. The fire flies lit the room again "beauty...to...rival...the...sky"   I was gently taken by each hand to the far door. Warmth spilled through the exit to revile the sun. Hundreds of times larger than when it last touched my skin. 

Never done one of these before, excuse formatting and spelling on mobile


A haze radiated from the road, wafting up and hinting to Charlie that leaving the shelter of the tree would be a bad idea. Charlie dug deep into his pockets, looking for his phone - but it wasn't there. There was something, however. A bundle of notes with an elastic-band around them. The first note was a white, lined sheet, with a blue scrawl across it that read: "Este es el examen final". He guessed it was a foreign language, and was pleased he recognised the word: "final".  It wasn't until he found the monetary notes underneath it, that he realised the language was probably Spanish. 

He counted the money three times, twice reaching a total of one thousand pesos. He was rich! All he had to do was find a hotel, and he could live holed up in this place - where was he exactly, he began to wonder - for the rest of his life. No more nagging parents, or having to look after his little sister Cindy.  

He began to walk south along the winding road. The heat seemed to be more severe on the tarmac, so he walked a little way to its side. He wished he had a bottle of water. Or his phone! God, if only he had his phone, then things would be fine - he could take a break and play a round of Hitman Go.  But he didn't, he was alone, with only his thoughts for company. And his money.

After an hour or so, he heard a distant rumble accompanied by the drifting sound of music. *Rap*. An unusually low riding, white Ford Fiesta came rocking its way down the road. Its windows were blacked out. Charlie hailed it, running to the side of the road and waving his arms frantically. He was so hot and thirsty now - he needed to get into town. This was his chance.

The car came first to a crawl, then with a final bounce, a halt. The passenger window rolled down.

"Hola, hombre," said a man with shaved hair and dark sunglasses. He gave Charlie a nod. Charlie nodded back.

"Hey, my name's Charlie," Charlie said. "Listen, I don't know where I am, but I've got a *lot* of money and can pay you for a ride into town."

The man looked at his companion, then back and Charlie, and then shrugged.

"Mmm, no te comprendo amigo."

Damn, Charlie thought, they were talking Spanish. He quickly concluded he was in Spain. *Somehow* he had fallen asleep in the USA, and woken up in Spain. And now he dearly wished he'd paid more attention in Spanish class. A memory nudged itself free - today was meant to be exam day! He quickly put two and two together, and realised that it could only mean one thing: he was going to miss the exam.

He sighed. "Charlie," he said, pointing to himself. "Hotel. Moola. Uh... Pesos.... Dineros! Comprende?"

"Charlie?" said the man, his eyebrows raising.

"Si si si!" he replied excitedly.

"Los pesos," said the man, holding out a hand.

"Upfront? Sure, sure." Charlie handed over the wad of money. "Take however much it costs, and give me the change. Comprende?"

The man took the money, frowned and then rummaged in a compartment below his seat. He pulled out a small bag filled with white powder. Then, he looked at the burned, sweating boy, clicked his tongue, and exchanged the bag for a much larger one, at least four times the size.

"¡Buen provecho!" he said, throwing the bag out of the window. The engine roared, the window rolled up and the car pulled away, leaving Charlie open mouthed and pesosless.

"Quick," hissed a voice from a bush.

Charlie turned to see his Spanish teacher creeping out from behind the vegetation. 

"What are you doing here, Mr Clarke?" said Charlie, mouth dropping even wider.

"Follow me to my car, Charlie. No, grab that bag first, you dunce!"

"I'm sorry I missed the exam, Mr Clarke."

"This *was* your exam, you dolt. I was watching you. Seeing how you'd cope thrown into Mexican life, in the deep end."

"Oh," said the bewildered boy, as he began to make sense of it all. "Did I pass?"

"If we get that bag into the USA," said Mr Clarke, "Then Charlie, you aced it." 

---

Sorry if this offended anyone. It's not meant to be a slight on Mexico (or American schooling), and was meant to be about a boy getting into a farcical situation.

/r/nickofnight for more of my stories


I groaned as I sat up on the side of the road, the blazing heat beating down upon my head. I looked around and all I saw was a road sign written in Spanish.

In confusion I searched my pockets and found Mexican currency - 1,000 pesos - and a note with a simple message written on it. "Este es el examen final. Señor Herman."

My eyes went wide in shock. I heard that Mr Herman took his practical exams rather... seriously. I never expected it to be *this* seriously. I just stared at the note angrily before yelling upward at the sky.

'What the *fuck*?! I didn't take Spanish, I was in the *French* class!'


In the town of Oaxaca, there is a church which has no monks. It is a mundane place now, which holds no services. But, if you walk past it today, you will see that a miracle has happened here. 

How else can you explain the bullet holes that touch everything except the cross? 

___

I woke with a nudge in my gut. My eyes shot open and I saw a man standing over me in linen shorts and shirt, pushing against me with his leather sandals. 

I jerked up and pushed myself away from him. 

"Ah, estas bien?" he asked, looking down at me from under the shade of a wide hat. 

"What, where am I?" I asked. My mind was foggy, I couldn't understand what he had said. 

"Oh, American!" The man shook his head, then bent a little lower, as if speaking to a child. "Are. You. Okay?" 

The way he said it made me feel like an idiot. I looked around, seeing only a dusty road and green hills. I finally felt the beat of the sun and a rivulet of sweat coursed down my face. 

I could have sworn the last thing I remember was being in Los Angeles, on my way to my-

The thought cut off and I immediately searched my body. After I felt something in my pocket, I jammed my hand inside and pulled out a roll of bills, covered with a piece of paper. 

The man let out a small whistle as I removed the note, and the bills became visible. When I unfolded the sheet of paper, all it said was, "Este es el examen final."

*Shit.*I was on my way to spanish class, yes. And at some point, I... I just couldn't remember. 

I banged my fist against the ground. What a cruel joke this was--my reward for taking the immersion program. 

In my blinded fury, I had forgotten the man who found me and who, presumably, had stuck around because of the large sum of cash I'd just displayed. Or at least, what I thought was a large sum of cash. 

"Ah, senor." The man coughed politely. "Necisitas ayuda?" 

I looked up, remembering his presence. *Ayuda? Oh, help. That means help.* I thought for a second and took another look around the hills. We were the only two people on this road and I presumed that we were the only two people for a long while. 

*Damn.* I looked back up at him and it looked like he was trying to affect a casual interest in the whole affair. But I had my doubts. 

"Si, ayuda. Por favor," I said, mangling the words and hoping they came out right. 

"Ah," the man said, his face lighting up somewhat. He offered his hand down and I took it. When I stood, I felt dizzy. 

He steadied me, and then shot a question in quick spanish. 

"Sorry, I couldn't follow." I said. 

"Por. Que. Estas. Aqui," the man said again, drawing out the last word and bulging his eyes. As if that would help me understand him better. 

"I don't know," I said with a shrug. "Hablas ingles?" I asked. 

The man shrugged back.

 Besides the heat, I could feel the stress. I was already nearing the end of the phrases I had learned well enough. The phrases that could get me out of speaking spanish in the first place. 

I thought, and realized I really only had one prepared that might work. "Donde esta la biblioteca?" 

In my mind, the logic only made sense. Where there is a library, there must be also a city of people who can use the library. And also literate city people. And among those people, there may be another who does speak english. 

But it was obvious from the look on his face that the man was a little confused by the question. 

"Los libres," I said, trying again. 

At that, the man smiled. "Ah, Los Libres." He chuckled for a few moments, and the chuckle turned into a laugh and I stared at him, unsure of the humor of the situation. 

But then he offered his hand again. "Bienvenido, soy Ramon Viaragosa." 

I froze. I had heard the name Viaragosa often enough to know only one man in Mexico would be proud enough of it like him. When I didn't take his hand, he shrugged, then let out a shrill whistle. 

All around me the hills came to life. Men carrying rifles and wearing bandoliers filled with dull brass cartridges. 

They filed down to where Viaragosa and I stood, one of them coming up directly to the man. They shook and made an exchange of spanish too quick for me to follow. Then, the newcomer smiled behind his beard. 

"Bienvenido," he said, offering up his hand. This time I took it as a sense of realization sunk in. 

In that moment, I realized I was more screwed than any other time in my life--because I had just met the Ramon Viaragosa. The gold toothed, smiling visage of the leader of the Mexican Rebels. 

And somehow, I realized, standing in the middle of Mexico with a roll of bills, I had been enlisted into the Mexican Revolution. 

___

*Thanks for reading! Check out more of my stuff at /r/chrisbryant.*


"Éste es el examen final" leía la nota atada a mi pecho. Después de levantarme del suelo y revisar que no tenga ninguna herida grave me puse a investigar donde estaba.

Era mi último año de preparatoria y con un poco de suerte ya no iba a tener que preocuparme de estudiar materias que nunca me iban a ser útiles. Solo necesitaba un poco de ayuda antes de los exámenes finales.

Mirando a mi alrededor me di cuenta de que estaba en alguna carretera desierta, mi mochila estaba casi vacía, lo único dentro de ella una billetera con 1000 pesos. Como iba a salir de esta? Como llegué aquí? Porque tenía 1000 pesos? Que tan lejos estaba del df? 

Lo último que recordaba era estar esperando mi turno para hablar con mi profesor de física para ver si podía hacer algo para mejorar mis notas antes del examen final. Recuerdo haber escuchado algo extraño mientras esperaba, la curiosidad me invadió y abrí la puerta sin antes tocar. El profesor estaba de pie recostado contra la pizarra y al parecer alguien estaba de rodilla en frente de el, me acuerdo que me sorprendí al ver esto y di media vuelta, y justo antes de salir del cuarto sentí un dolor punzante en la nuca. 

Ayer lo único que quería era terminar la prepa. Hoy lo único que quiero es encontrar una manera de volver a casa. 


---------

Ive never written before here and I'm probably not a great writer but I thought it would be fun to give this topic a twist.


I woke up with a major headache. I felt in my pockets and found some pesos and the note stating that this was my final exam.

No problemo, I thought to myself. I was in a level 300 class, and had aced all the assignments this semester. So I strolled confidently into the town I could see in the distance.

When I got into town, I was nearly dying of thirst. I went into the nearest bar.

"Un agua, por favor," I told the bartender. He got me a bottled water, and I used some of the pesos to pay him. As I was drinking my water, I looked around the bar and noted a little Mexican cutie.  She caught me staring and came up to me.

"Hola, me llamo Daniel."

"Hola Daniel, me llamo María."

"Much gusto, María."

Noting my accent, she asked where I was from. I told her I was from the States.

"Como llegaste aquí?" - How did you get here, she asked.

"No sé, yo me despertaba en la calle." - I don't know, I just woke up on the street.  We started talking, and talked back and forth for the rest of the night. At the end of the night, we exchanged numbers. I walked out if the bar feeling exuberant.

As I left, I noticed one of the Spanish professors from my college. Sidling up to him, I asked how I did.

"C," he simply responded.

"C?" I asked, incredulous. I had always gotten straight A's in school.

" You used the imperfect when you should have used the preterite tense. It's 'me desperté.'

I screamed in frustration. Curse you Spanish, and your two past tenses!


"Este es el examen final - Señor Chen" read the note. Attached were what I counted to be 1000 mexican pesos. I'm sure "BANCO DE MÉXICO" means Bank of Mexico.

Gaining a little bit of confidence in my Spanish, I did my best to Interpret the note: "Este es el examen final"... East exam final. Well, it's clear Señor Chen's Idea of a final Spanish 101 test is to leave me stranded in the middle of what I hope is Mexico with a thousand pesos and instructions to go East. I sure wish I hadn't skipped the orientation course at the Boy Scouts.

There's a sign on the road, reads something I can't pronounce but it's followed by a "2", I really hope it's a town that's two miles away.

I've never walked two miles so fast, maybe the hot Mexican sun is having a positive effect on me. unpronounceable name town is there. Lucky for me i recognize two of the most beautiful words ever: "Restaurante bar".

I enter the venue, approach the bar, put on my best question face and ask: "Este?"
The man behind the bar looks confused and asks: "¿Te puedo ayudar con algo?"
Trying to improve my international questions skills I ask again, now also using my finger to point. Hopefully that way he'll know I'm talking about directions. "Este?" I say again. The man turns and grabs something from the back. He brings a bottle of yellowish liquid and he asks back "¿Este?". I think he understood me. I say "Si, Este". I'm finally getting somewhere. 

He tips the bottle and pours me a shot glass of the yellow liquid, he also gives me a sliced oranger. Then he says "Son cuarenta pesos". After a couple seconds of no response from me, he points at a menu on the wall that reads "Mezcal $40", I realize then that I had purchased a drink. I drink it quickly, it burns, but nicely, it's like tequila but nicer. I might not know Spanish but I know how to drink, so I knew to chase it with the orange slice. It was really good. 

I paid the man and asked for another one. This time I drank it slowly as I planned my next move. My tummy grumbled and it became clear to me that my next move should address that. Luckily my Spanish knowledge also included the word "Taco". That the bartender understood and pointed his finger across the street.

I have had tacos before, but this was different, in a scary good way. The shop was full of people eating tacos. The deliciously smelling chaos invited me to step in. I looked for a line to order some tacos. There was none, people just approached the bar yelled something and after a couple of seconds and what seemed like a very synchronized performance of flying tortillas, meat chopping knives and and spoons full of colorful liquids, the yelling person would be presented with a plate full of soft tortilla tacos. 

I approached the bar and a man behind the thickest mustache I've ever seen asked me: "¿Que te sirvo güero?". I know taco and I know pointing works, so I yell taco and point to where my nose tells me to. "¿Cuántos?" he said. He reads my lack of understanding and starts gesturing with his hand, "Uno, dos, tres". I get it he wants to know how many. I raise two fingers, tacos are not that big and I'm starving, but I want to get a chance to point at different things. "Con todo?" he asks. Anticipating my response, he starts pointing at different colored dishes some, some with salsa, others with onion, I say: "Salsa no picante", a must a foreigner should know while in Mexico, even I knew that. He greened and less than five seconds later, I had the first two of many tacos I would eat that night. Ordering drinks was way easier as you could just asked for American branded ones.

After my meal, when I offered him money, he pointed me to a cash register with a huge line of people. I got in line. This place is so chaotic that it would be easy to dine and dash. No one would know, yet everybody gets in line. When it was my turn, I was not shown a bill. Instead, a little old, but strong, lady asked me "¿Que fue?". I couldn't respond, and I looked at mustache guy. That man is on everything, I think I take back the dine and dash idea. He yells back a huge chain of words to the lady, she nods and writes on a paper: $120. I pay gladly. While I walk back to the street I can't help but to feel impressed by how beautifully the taco stand was. Such a quick service, you can see how your food is prepared, paying is based on honesty, In the States I would've had to pay $120 American dollars for that.

It's getting late and I still don't know what to do. I know 200 pesos will buy me food and two drinks but that's about it. I still don't know where East is, and I'm doubting "Este" means "East". Yet I feel fine. The bar I was earlier seems to have something cool going on so I go back. I sit at the bar and ask for a "Mezcal".

After the next mezcal I realize this is a Karaoke bar. I approach the stage to realize that maybe one out of every three songs is in English. I approach a girl who just sang "I will survive" and started speaking English to her. To my relief she understood me. I told her my story and she started laughing. She agreed to help me get back home, but only after I sang a song in Spanish. 

While on stage the song was meaningless to me, but it felt great to sing it. At least to me. I saw some faces in the crowd that were not quite satisfied with my performance, although most were just having a laugh about it. 

After Karlita left me at the border, she kissed me softly on the cheek and asked me, with just the slightest Mexican accent. So what do you think about your Spanish 101 Final Exam. I answered: "I may not have learned much Spanish during class, but now I know I want to, because I have to come back".

After listening to my story, Señor Chen failed  me for getting assistance in English. 
Esa fue la última vez que reprobé una clase de Español.


"¿Qué pasó, chico?" dijo una mujer.
"Uhhhhh hola uh... lost... soy Steve, dónde está escuela" 
"¿Qué escueña? Estamos en Cozumel. Es estudiante? De dónde es?"

I was so confused. The last thing I could recall was walking into my Spanish class and the fire alarm sounding. Next thing I knew, I woke up parched, with nothing but this note in my pocket and my vocabulary flashcards.

Welp, I'd better make the best of this.

"Oh, policía! Edificio policía! Baño! Teléfono!"
"Pinche puta... sígueme"

The dark-skinned lady began to walk away through the blazing heat; it was beginning to get hard to see her... *pompís*. I had to follow her.

The town was the ugliest thing I'd ever had the displeasure of viewing; snakes, dried feces everywhere, old Mexican men smoking joints on the public toilets. Soon, the lady with the nice rumpus entered a small building. I followed, and to my pleasure, the pert melons of one of my favorite sights were attached to the body of one of my *compadres*. I think her name was Ashby. 

"HEY! STEVE! DO YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON?"

Dang it, I always hated this chick. 

**Part 2 coming out at some point!**


I woke to a pounding headache. The money was ominous the note worse. When I got home, I was going to murder that Spanish bastard, even if I kind of deserved it.  

In my first, bleary-eyed survey of the landscape, I nearly tripped over a small pack. It contained a towel, a trowel, a hat, a sheet of mostly clear plastic, a pipe with Sioux carvings on it, and a pillow. So he had read my paper, but not the bibliography. Bastard.  

In my second, frustrated circuit, I found the staff and my phone, dead of course. If Señor had been trying to convince me that there was no God, he was doing a good job. Fortunately, my comparative world religions professor, aside from being a bastard, had an overdeveloped sense of irony. I'd stared at enough maps of Ixitlan while writing the thrice-damned paper that I knew the area instantly.  This was either going to be awesome, or fatal.  

Being among the very whitest of the white men, I was going to need cover in a couple hours, but for now I made my way South, smashing a button here and an herb there, until I reached a hill with a rock overhang that would shade me from the sun through the most UVtastic part of the day..  


I drank just a tiny bit of the prickly pear juice I'd collected, just enough to let me swallow without pain. The rest of the siesta was spent pounding, grinding and generally making a sticky paste out of most of the plants I'd grabbed. With the glob drying on a cactus paddle I'd collected at no small cost to my hands (Bastard could have left me some gloves), I sat back under the overhang and slipped the button under my tongue.  

I'm going to skip this next part. Suffice it to say, I got sick, just like everyone else. Keith Richards I ain't.  

The sun cleared out of the way, rising back into a verdigris sky to start the afternoon. I put her behind me and walked on, moving carefully as I got used to sperating the terrain that is from the terrain that might have been. It's not easy, when the differences are often so tiny. Fortunately, there was a low hillock nearby that had the last ingredient I needed. It was on the unreal side, but that was ok, since at least 3 of me were sufficiently fictional to make the climb. No great alien flower, no mystic mineral, just another kind of cactus that normally grew a couple days walk to the north. I guess that's what the money was for.  

While I was finishing the recipe and packing the pipe, the overhang had gotten bored and left, so I needed another place to hang out.  I followed a pack of spectral dogs back to their den, and crawled my physical self inside to bed down. I stuck the pillow under my head and lit the pipe, stretching out in the home barely bigger than a capsule-hotel room. The entrance was on the downhill side of the chamber, so it was only a few minutes before the little smoke filled the air all around. I closed my eyes, set the pipe aside, and began running through Erase the Body, which isn't really part of Dreaming, but it really helps when you need to go to sleep fast.  

I'm going to skip this part too, since there are some childhood memories I don't want to share.  

"Madre de Dios!" shouted Señor when I appeared, covered in dust, sunburn, psychedelic smoke, and nothing else. His 4:00 appointment turned bright red, dumped me off of the chair we were both trying to occupy, and ran out, screaming.  After a moment, he blinked and said "A+ for using the technique, successfully, -1 for appearing naked in a female student's lap, -3 for raising uncomfortable questions about the nagual at a Catholic University. You get an A if you leave now, find some pants, and tell no one.".   

"Deal"



Multi-edit: Mobile cleanup


I look to my right, spotting a small convince store. Walking in I spot the clerk "Hello" he says. "You look like you've had a bad day."

 "I have" I reply "Wait. You're fluent in English?" 

"Of course" he laughs "Unlike in the Estados Unidos, we learn multiple languages in school." 

I laugh. He helps me rent a car.


I sat up and shook the dust from my hair, squinting down at the crumpled piece of paper. The only thought going through my mind at the time was *i should've studied*

I shoved the pesos in my pocket and felt around for anything else, when my fingers traced the edge of a phone. I pulled it out and watched as M&Ms poured out from the bottom and into the red dust. 

*Am i in Oklahoma?* i wondered. 

I stood up and scanned my surroundings, yet there was nothing but a few trees on the horizon. 

*Well this sucks* i said, collapsing back onto the dust. I was still dizzy and nauseous from whatever i had been knocked unconscious with. I stared up at the rogue clouds drifting across the sky. I was the slacker of the class. Never did any of my homework, always disrupting the other students with burps and fart noises. I deserved it i guess. 

I was getting sleepy. Maybe someone would come and save me if i just let myself go. Procrastination was the one thing i was best at. 

My vision grew blurry. *No hablo espagñol.* i said.


"I... I can't believe it." Lieutenant Grog said, looking through his astro-binoculars.

"Believe it, Grog." General Kug grabbed the binoculars out of Grog's massive, three-fingered hands. "They're hurling Betelgeuse at us."

"But... but how!?" Grog turned around to look at his commander.

"I..." Kug looked out into space, his fist clenched tightly with anger "I have no idea. And I don't think they do either"

Kug looked at Grog directly in his eyes. "Lieutenant Grog, you are the most decorated war hero in the Doonak Empire. When we took on the humans to save the rest of the galaxy, we believed that we were the only ones tough enough to take them on, but those... those sons of bitches are so goddamned crazy!"

"How can I help, sir?" Grog saluted.

General Kug looked at the ground, wiping a tear from his eye. "It's obvious now that we can't beat them. We need you and the other soldiers to help evacuate the women and children and prepare for our final stand here against this unbeatable enemy."

"For honor, sir." Grog performed the traditional Doonak farewell dance.

"For honor, soldier. May the creator have mercy on our souls."

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The small, crack team of rookies flew along in their space cruiser, the ten billion gigawatt red solar lamp duct taped to the top of it.

"Okay guys," the leader addressed everyone on board, "Let's go over this again, one more time. The boys back home managed to put up enough destructive interference around Betelgeuse to cancel out its light pattern, and sent us on our way with this huge solar lamp so that it looks like we're Betelgeuse. Now by the time we get to the Doonak home world, they'll have all probably evacuated except for like a couple hundred of their strongest guys. Once we get there, they'll be so fixated on us they won't notice the ten or so brown dwarfs we managed to move on the OTHER side of their planet that'll smash into the whole thing and blow 'em all to hell. Any questions?"

One soldier raised his hand. "Yeah, uh, isn't this all a little over complicated?"

The leader chuckled and lit his cigar. "Exactly."

EDIT: Betelgeuse is red, not blue, d'oh.

EDIT: its not it's, arghhhh


"My Lord! My Lord!" 

The captain, a large yellow cat holding a rather impractical spear in one clawed hand, jumped nearly a foot in the air before turning around guiltily. "Blast it yeoman, what is it? It's almost time for my hunting break."

The yeoman came to a halt, breathing heavily. "It's the humans, sir. Our long range scanners are picking up error signals from their world!"

The spear creaked dangerously in the captain's hand. *"What!?* I was assured that problem was dealt with!"

The yeoman fidgeted nervously, "Well, yes sir-"

"We put warp interdiction fields over their entire system!" the captain snapped, "Anti-Grav-blockers, too, not to mention a half dozen others. Keeping them on that bloody dirtball has been the most expensive endeavour in galactic history! Any means for leaving their planet should be permanently blocked; What danger could they possibly pose *this* time?"

The yeoman, nervously looked down at his printout, slightly ragged where his claws had nervously punctured the edges. "Um...well, according to this, they've achieved orbital flight. Even visited their moon again, sir - and their first probes are leaving their system as we speak."

*"WHAT!?* How!?"

"Well, it appears that they, um, strapped small crews of their species atop giant towers of explosives, sir."

"...what."

"T-that's just what it says, sir."

"...By Akltar, I'd almost forgotten how insane they were." He rubbed his eyes wearily. "Please, at least tell me that's the most they've accomplished?"

"...um."

"*Akltar Blasted Damn it!* Everything, yeoman."

"Well, they've established a global intelligence network, sir, so we were able to acquire a surprisingly large amount of information. It appears they have plans for more powerful rockets, powered by nuclear explosions."

"You mean nuclear reactors."

"Um...no, sir."

"...Damn it."


"I think we all know why we are here," the Zilem Planet Representative said.

"Earth," the group said in unison, exasperation edging into the lone syllable.

"Yes, indeed," he said softly. "It is my understanding that the Ceamnese have called this meeting. This is, as you all know, the ninth meeting about the behavior of Earth... this week. Just as with the other meetings, Earth's representatives have refused to defend the actions of the human race in this meeting. I believe they said they would, 'Rather stay home and watch TV.'" 

The Zilem Representative sighed audibly, but after seeing the very concerned expressions around the table, quickly continued, "We have, of course, conducted a thorough sweep for bombs, poisons, and elaborate... 'booby traps,' I believe they called them," he said, and then cleared his throat pointedly.

"Have they ever sent anyone to these meetings?" a large, muscular creature in the corner asked.

"I think they sent someone once..."

"Nope," the Zilem Representative stated bluntly.

"Yes. Yes, they sent that rather hairy human one time."

"Wasn't a human," he replied with a sigh, "It was a... chimp? I believe they call them chimps."

"Yes, yes! Rather despondent individual, he was."

"Seemed appropriately repentant to me," the Qealph Representative said, flipping her hair gently over her shoulder.

"Really cheered when those strange oblong, yellow Earth snacks were served afterward, though," said Ef' Representative in a bright tone.  

The Zilem representative cleared his throat and said, "Would the representative from Ceamn please stand and explain?"

"Certainly," the creature said politely as he stood. "Well, we asked the Earthlings some two zokils past to please refrain from dumping their trash into our oceans."

Everyone at the table breathed in sharply.

"Representative Ceamn, you would provoke them in this way?" the Qealph Representative asked in hushed tones.

"Yes, well... yes. I will admit that it was a bold request, but we had simply had enough. They replied that... well... they said that their trash was in our waters, which meant it was now their property... so they now had a right to retrieve their property that was unlawfully taken."

The room fell into a confused silence until one of the representatives leaned to the right and whispered, "What?"

"That's... what they said. I'm not sure how they came to the conclusion, they provided no reasoning, but the long and short of it is that they are now pumping our water supply into their water tower ships and leaving with it."

The room fell into a confused silence until one of the representatives leaned to the right and whispered louder, "What?"

"I..." the Ceamn Representative trailed off and shrugged instead, so as to express something along the lines of, "I have no idea."

"They're probably trying to replace all of the water they wasted from that time they tried to extinguish the Aeron System's sun?"

"Or when they did that... the game... what did they call it again?"

"Slip and Slide."

"Yes! The Slip and Slide... Space Edition, I believe they called it."

"Yes... many of their top leaders perished," the Qealph Representative said sadly.

"Well, not after they sloped it so that it went quick enough to justify no oxygen tanks."

"No, you're getting mixed up, Representative Zilem. They were still perishing rapidly even after the slope. No one died after they remembered to put in a landing platform."

There was another silence.

"They really tried to extinguish a sun by spraying water at it?" the Zilem Representative said abruptly. 

"Yeah... but I mean, it didn't work."

"Well, what if it had though?!"

"Why'd they do that again?"

"Because the Aeronians were slightly late for a dinner meeting and Earth felt they 'needed a gentle reminder about politeness.'"

"Reminds me of that time they threatened to throw their sun at us."

"That is just egregious!"

"I agree. I tried to call them on it in the meeting. I said it was a ridiculous threat. I have to give it to them though, they doubled down on it. They kept insisting they had a lasso big enough to... what word did they use... 'wrangle' their sun. They said after that, throwing it at us was no problem."

"Wouldn't their own world grow cold and die?"

"I asked about that. I pointed it out rather quickly after the plan came to light. They said they already had the lasso and that retrieving another would be 'no damn problem at all.' I left it at that and backed down."

Another brief silence ensued.

"Well, I mean, you couldn't risk the lives of your people like that," the Qealph Representative said in a gentle way.

The Zilem Representative cleared his throat again. "Has the Ceamn Representative reached out to try and come up with a more, eh, diplomatic solution?"

The Ceamn Representative stood again. "Yes, sir. We mentioned that we could simply recycle the waste for them."

"And?"

"They responded that it, 'sounded like something little girls would do,' and then afterward only responded with 'little girls' to each of our inquiries."

"What is this word, 'girls?'" the Ef' Representative asked.

"I am not sure. We thought it might be a translation error given the sheer number of times they sent us the message, but it didn't take long to gather that it was actually meant as an insult."

The conference room's large doors slid open and a messenger arrived. "Sir, a representative from Earth has arrived."

"Finally!"

"Maybe now we can—"

"It is the chimp again."

"This is absurd!"

The chimp waddled over to the empty seat at the table and climbed up into it, and then climbed up onto the table itself. It wore a crisp white t-shirt, emblazoned with neon pink letters that spelled out, "CEAMN SUXX."

In one of its giant black hands, it held a small pink piece of paper. The chimp walk-crawled across the table and handed it to the Zilem Representative. 

He read it slowly then crumpled it up.

"What did it say, sir?" the Ef' Representative asked.

"It said, 'Pink letters, for the little girls present."

A quiet filled the room as they all looked at the chimp.

"Someone please bring those snacks back out for the... Representative," the Zilem asked. "All in favor of a strongly worded letter asking the humans to cease the thieving of water from Ceamn?"

Everyone save for the Ceamn Representative raised a hand.

"Okay then, that's settled," said the Zilem Representative.

"I'm not sure that will be enough."

"Maybe not," the Zilem answered. "But I suspect it will be a lot like the time they challenged the ownership of our home planet. They insisted our leadership compete in a staring contest. After a few minutes, they simply got bored and wandered off."

--------

Edit: Thank you so much for the gold, mysterious benefactor, and thank you to everyone for all of the comments and upvotes. I'm inexpressibly flattered that you thought this story was worth it. :)


"And who can tell me about the events of the first cycle?"

Professor Gooblevork watched his Galactic History class intently through triplicate eyestalks. None seemed particularly interested in his lecture.

"How about you, Shrdmrn?" He pointed at a particularly bored student in the first row. Or maybe he was just gassy? Gooblevork had a hard time reading the emotions of the furrier species in his class.

"Hmm? Oh, sorry, professor. I don't know." He responded. He seemed distracted - ah, that's it, that's the emotion!

"What's on your mind, Shrdmrn?"

The wolf-boy touched a switch on his desk, pulling up a small holographic map. The professor pulled up a larger display for the whole class to see.

"I was just wondering about the Galactic Alliance. Thousands of sentient alien species, all throughout the galaxy, came together from all of these systems, right?"

The hologram glowed, indicating several systems, and a few uncharted territories in black.

"That's correct. What is your question?"

"I was just wondering about this area here."

He pointed out a small black dot in the middle of the glowing cloud. Gooblevork sighed and sat down.

"That, dear boy, is the realm of the human."

A collective gasp went through the crowd. Shrdmrn's brows furrowed.

"Is this a joke, professor?"

The professor slithered over to the wolf-boy.

"They're real, boy. A monstrous species, completely devoid of logic and reason."

The wolf-boy looked at him intently.

"How, sir?"

The professor slithered to the center of the room.

"How many of you are familiar with the chemical compound C2H6O?"

One of the students in the back spoke up.

"It's a deadly poison, sir!"

"It should be. Its use is forbidden among the civilized worlds of the Alliance, as it's an unconscionably painful death. But the human willingly imbibes it."

The crowd gasped. But the professor wasn't done.

"Regularly."

The students gasped again and stared in shock.

"Their planet, Earth, is harsh and unforgiving. It's located close to their star, which bombards their planet in radiation daily. But the humans don't care. At the hottest times in the year, the humans willingly expose their bodies to that radiation as some sort of mating ritual."

The professor admitted to himself that he was having a bit more fun than he should.

"And does anyone know where they get their energy from?"

"From their star?"

The professor laughed.

"No! They pump a fluid from the earth - a fluid born of the bodies of ancient life. They fight each other over this fluid, and when they have enough, they light the fluid on fire."

The professor paused to allow this to sink in.

"The burning fluid releases poisons - poisons the Alliance would never deem safe. But humans? Humans don't care. They use the expansion of he  poisons to create power."

One student raised his hand.

"Are they all going to die on their planet, professor?"

The professor smiled.

"Maybe. But it's possible that they won't. They've built a way to leave their planet."

The crowd gasped again, even louder than before.

"How could such a ludicrous race build a gravity drive on their own?"

The professor said, "I never said it was a gravity drive. They developed a way to sit on top of a column of explosives. They detonate the explosives, and the explosion sends them into space."

One of the students stands up.

"That's a joke, right?"

The professor smiles. 

"They've left their planet before."


"They launched *WHAT* into orbit?!" For a moment, General Vizzan thought the page had lost his mind. They had the humans contained. All orbital defense platforms, and space viable transport had been crippled. Nothing was getting away without surrendering.

The page shifted akwardly on his legs. His wings bristled. "A water tower, sir." He handed him the pad. "They strapped several solid boosters to it to get it into orbit. It was moving too fast for us to track it before it collided with the Besar."

His brother, Delamis, was at the helm of the Besar. He made a prayer to the brood mother that he had survived. "Well what was the damage? Any casualties?"

"We are not sure, sir." he said, "We lost all contact with them after the impact."

The ship rocked beneath them. One large impact followed by a groan and a boom. That was not just a water tower. He had seen what their guns could do to a ship enough times to recognize the sound. "What was that?" he demanded of one of the techs in the bay below them.

A radar tech looked at him wide eyed. "The Besar has fired upon us, as well as fourteen other ships in the fleet. Damage to critical systems was minimal, but there have been reports of casualties in multiple sectors."

"Establish a contact. Now!" The view screen flashed to life, and Vizzan felt his heart stop beating. 

Delamis was on the floor with his own sword, the blade he had commissioned for him, pressed to his throat. The leader of the planetary defense corps held it. "Vizzy!" he said mockingly, "Just the bug I was hoping to talk to." How in the brood mother's name did he manage to get aboard? *No fucking way*

"Johnson! What the hell did you do?"

A broad smile parted his tan skin to reveal white teeth. "Just thought I would take a closer look at the pride of your fleet. And I must say, she is *beautiful*. Could use a few improvements, particularly to the security countermeasures on the port side airlocks though. So many threats out there that could exploit it."

"Release him! Immediately!" He was not going to let them kill his brother.

The blade moved closer to Delamis' throat. He cringed away from it. "Order all forces to leave the system." All the humor had gone from his eyes.

Vizzan's attention turn to his own soldiers. "Order all ships to target the Besar. Cripple all key systems, but leave the bridge untouched."

"How many men do you have under your command here, Vizzy? Two maybe three million?" He signaled to someone off frame. "Say you manage to knock us out, without killing your little buddy here, in maybe 45 seconds. How much damage do you think I can do in that time." This man was insane. "I must say the payload on some of these guns... impressive. So how many are you willing to lose for this victory?"

A growl tore out of Vizzan's throat. The kind that meant he knew he had been beaten. "Order all ships to stand down."

Delamis squirmed beneath Johnson's boot. "Brother, don't!" he screamed. "My life is not worth it." But he was not just doing this for his brother, he was doing it for the tens of thousands that would die should they start firing.

"This is not over, Commander." Vizzan said. He would kill him slowly, intimately.

Johnson grinned. "I'm counting on it, now order your ships to jump."


Treg'Luf'Arwa couldn't believe his eyes. He doubted that his Father, Luf'Arwa'Yos, or his father's father, Arwa'Yos'Hul, would've believe their eyes either, had they come to see this day.   
  
Fire had been raining on his planet for days now. The home planet of his species being the latest conquest for the Gaouls, a ferocious, carnivorous meat eating reptile species that must've, he guessed, discovered space travel through chance alone. They took to it like canine teeth to raw meat, however, and they were currently the deadliest force in the galaxy.  
  
He, that is to say, Treg was one of the last soldiers on the planet, his entire family had been shipped off to a refugee camp a few weeks ago as every single last of his kind in fighting shape prepared for their final stand. Three nights prior, he had heard over the communications relay that the Homo Sapiens would be entering in the fight against the Gaouls. He understood why, and didn't blame them for not entering earlier. The planet he called his home, Cip-5, was very near some human colonies, relatively. If they feel, their farms were next. Support was supposed to arrive today, and damn if it hadn't.  
  
First were the railshots. Railshots, for those who don't know, were intended solely for ranged empty space skirmishes, meant to rip open hulls and tear through engines. The only reason they weren't used in atmospheric battles was because accuracy could be off in such an enviroment, with increased gravity and the physics nightmare that is air itself. The humans, however, didn't seem to worry about such a thing, merely aiming their ships directly at the planet, and raining down tungsten rods like raindrops.  
  
Next were the dropships. He couldn't be sure, as both his ears were ringing and it's entirely possible that his universal translator, located in his skull, was damaged in the earthshaking first offense by the earthlings, but he swore that the dropships were playing... music? While the words were hard to make out, the words "Senator's son" and "It ain't me!" were clear enough.   
  
The oddest thing? After they had found him among the rubble, and began to patch up his wounds, he looked over their weapons. Some were indeed wielding the latest in plasma-pulse technology, firing miniature balls of perfectly round electric energy, while others had them slung across their backs, instead choosing to use what looked like tools that belonged in a museum. The metal was so dark, it looked like iron, and certain pieces, he thought he was dreaming, were they wood?  
  
The Gaouls couldn't stand up to it. Every single trick Treg could think of was pulled, including several he would never have considered, like small man excursions onto Gaoul ships to slam them into ground camps, pulling engines off grounded dropships just to overload them and have them turn city-sized plots of land into glass floors, and, he couldn't believe his eyes when he saw this, all 8 of them, slamming the Gaoul's moon into their homeworld in a secret military operation.   
  
Cheers went up when the Gaouls finally declared their surrender to the Alliance. Treg, glancing around, saw a single man with a scowl on his face, running a stone down a piece of what seemed to be sharpened steel with a leather grip. In fact, there was much about the man that was odd. Instead of the lightly armored dark grey camouflage pants that seemed to be standard issue, he wore some odd, brightly colored open cloth. On his back was a series of bags that wheezed with his movements, as if they were their own creature. When Treg finally got up the courage to ask the biped what was wrong, the man snapped back to reality for a second, looking the Cipentenian up and down before spitting out a black globule of sludge.   
  
"Damn higher ups. If they didn't pull these big goddamn acts of military might, we could've kept this war going another few years." Accentuating the end of the sentence by pulling a load of black flakes out of a small, flimsy container, and shoving it into his cheek.  
  
That day on, Treg offered every single human he saw free meals at his family's restaurant as soon as it was rebuilt on his homeworld. Not on gratitude alone, no, but because he saw exactly what kind of humans existed, and wanted to make sure that one never personally declared war on him or his planet. He doubted there'd be a single survivor.

EDIT: Fixed Treg's name, and changed a few words. Wrote this half asleep.


"Field medic? Why are we humouring the new prospect anyway? We have body labs." Muttered Zelska. Zelska was what the humans would call "A fucking idiot." Jorax reflected.

"Well," Jorax began "Aahii are the greatest builders and engineers in the universe,right?"

"Of course!" Snapped Zelska.

"But, Aahii don't repair anything, ever. The idea that they could craft something that does. Not. Work. Is impossible to contemplate...Humans make trash, they are ugly and backwards, lumbering idiots with no understanding of design or even the principles upon which all great devices work. You've seen it though, heard rumours of humans re-purposing derelict Aahii craft. Making gateways out of purifiers! Human engineers get you home when the gods spit upon your fate and shatter your drive..." 
Zelska cut him off, near frothing with impatient rage  "We all know the importance of a human engineer on staff, but why do we need this bloody medic!"

Jorax shifts his tunic, revealing a jagged mess of scarring.A near impossible amount of his lower abdomen missing. "It's not just ships a human can hold together when the gods turn their back on you..."


The Slomerian war-room fell deathly silent after the spymaster completed his report, his last words hanging in the air like an overripe melon.

General Larue, pacing angrily back and forth at the head of table, finally brought an armoured tendril crashing down. The other commanders flinched, bracing against the latest outburst from their leader.

"That's preposterous! You're telling me the humans knew that they had a less than 15% chance of succeeding at their last assault, but they pushed through anyway?"

Captain Mersupi, the unfortunate spymaster on duty, nodded carefully. "Our reports are 99.5% accurate, which may I remind you, satisfies the Certainty Threshold mandated by law and custom."

The other commanders found themselves agreeing. They couldn't help it - embedded in their very upbringing was an unshakeable respect for probabilities, and just as none of them would ever have proceeded with any course of action rated below the Certainty Threshold, so would none of them ever dream of questioning anything above it.

"But how can that be? 15%? Can there even be a species in this whole spit-stained universe that dares to embark on something that has a less-than-even chance of succeeding?" General Larue shuddered, the chills travelling down his chitinous shell.

On the holoscreens scattered through the war-room, recordings from the last engagement played on loop. Though the gathered audience winced incessantly at every act of daring taken by the humans, there was a growing sense of awe, at how untethered and... successful these humans were turning out to be.

"It's in their training, that's what's making all the difference."

"We may be physiologically different, but as living creatures, we all fear death and mortality the same way! How can training possibly overcome that?"

Captain Mersupi flicked through the command panel screens with his tendrils, and the images on the holoscreens changed.

"For starters, General, the entire population is able to, *nay*, encouraged to take chances from a very young age. These images, taken from deep behind enemy lines, are testament to that. From as young as 18 years of age, they are incentivised to part with personal property for a chance, a mere chance, to win more personal property."

General Larue sucked air through his teeth. "The savages... and what's the chance of winning at this... training?"

"I shan't say the figures - my own insects suffered heart attacks when they saw the numbers for themselves. This is called the Powerball, and that's just one version of it. Similar events, on a regular basis, are held all across their home planet, across every tribe."

"That's all the training involves?"

"I wish, General! They have hothouses too, advanced training centers, where humans spend their entire day training at games of chance. They throw rounded stones with numbers, they exchange flattened plastics with numbers, they even deign to predict animal races with numbers!"

"You mean the same specialised training we offer to our elite, is open to any human over a certain age."

The junior insect nodded, his feelers drooping slightly. "It's embedded in their books, their media as well. I've obtained a sampling. Observe."

More flailing at command panels with tendrils followed. "This is one of the most beloved military films the humans have. Suffice to say, the bad guys are the ones controlling that giant round starship there. The heroes of the film develop a plan to take it down, but that involves flying a single cruiser right into the heart of the giant starship. And yes, we ran the probabilities too - 2% success rate."

"And did they succeed?"

"Of course they did! They persevered and reaped the rewards! Even better, two decades on they remade the same show, with the exact same plot and probability matrix, and the humans were still hungry for more of the same!"

Strains of loathsome human music began playing over the speakers, and General Larue forced himself to ignore the tunes, and to focus instead on the insidious lyrics. His grasp of human speech had improved to the point where he no longer needed help with translation.

"You will tell me next that this is a popular song on Earth," said General Larue, grimly, "where they once again behoove each other to ignore the risks, to seek the paradise which lurks in the lower depths of probability?"

Captain Mersupi collapsed into his chair, defeated. "Yes, and this is but one song from their abhorrent catalogue of mating ritual songs. It advocates, you see, the taking of risk to find a soulmate. It is in every facet of their lives, General. Every step of their lives, they are reminded to seek out the improbable! We are doomed!"

---

*If you change your mind*

*I'm the first in line*

*Honey I'm still free*

*Take a chance on me...*

---

/r/rarelyfunny


"Alright, so how are we gonna do this?"

Grola looked to the group. He noticed that they were still relaxing and taking the time to enjoy themselves.

Expecting an answer, he repeated. "How are we gonna do this?"

Reft looked at Grola and said, "We're waiting for Nate."

"Nate?! The human?! He'll get us killed!"

Just then, another member of the group, Kwoac, irritatedly looked to Grola. "We won't die, but he will. We've been over this. Now sit down and shut up before he-"

"Hey, guys."

Everyone in the room shut up and looked to the door. He looked so off. Out of place. Humans were somewhat new to the whole area, so having someone not scaly or furry in the group was odd, not to mention dangerous. Humans were known to kill for odd reasons, after all.

"So, how will we do this?" asked Nate.

The strategist, Yotuc, looked to the board. Not electronic, untraceable.

"So, me and Grola will go in through the top of the building via the air vents. Nate will go in, be the distraction for the guards. Don't shoot until shit goes wrong." He looked to Nate. "*Got it?*

"Well, what if I was a distraction by maybe... shooting the security cameras so they don't see our faces? Or anything they can use to identify us?"

"*NO.*" Yotuc turned back to the board and ran his claws against another part of the diagram. "Kwoak, you and Trowyan will go in through this side of the building, towards the safes. You will then be given the drills by me and Grola. Nate's distraction should be going strong by that point, and we'll get out Scott free. Of course, all of this assumes that the corruption software worked correctly on the cameras. So, in short, you shouldn't need to shoot them. Reft, you make sure that the camo works on the crew going in to drop the drill. We could only afford two, so they better fucking work. When you've done that, make sure our vehicles are prepared."

"Any questions?"

Silence.

"Okay. Let's roll!"

Everyone grabbed their rifles and headed to the bank in different cars.

_______________________________________________________


"N, everything going fine?"

"Perfect. Nothing out of the ordinary. Everything fine there, Y?"

"Yep. K?"

"Doing fine. Waiting on you."

Nate looked around the lobby. Creatures moving through, depositing or withdrawing credits. 

Out of the corner of his eye, Nate spotted a red light.

"Guys. Cameras are on. Cameras are fucking on."

"What?"

"You deaf, T? The fucking cameras are on."

"Well, what do we do?"

Just then, Nate got an idea.

"Hang tight. I've got an idea."

Everyone switched voice channels and got ready for Nate's untimely demise.

"There we go. The human will die, and we'll get the money."

"Can't believe he bought that! Great thinking, K."

Kwoak giggled and her scales changed to pink, indicating happiness.

Meanwhile, Nate had grabbed his rifle and his mask. He ran into the lobby, took aim at the ceiling, and got ready.

"3... 2..."

"HE'S GOT A GUN!"

"...1."

_______________________________________________________


*TWELVE DAYS LATER*

"How the fuck is he still alive?"

"Kwoak, we got the money."

"Yeah, we did, Grola." Kwoak then shoved Grola, disturbing his fur as he fell off of the sofa. "But let me remind you, WE COULD'VE GOTTEN MORE CREDITS IF HE DIED."

"Kwoak, relax."

Yotuc entered the room and drank some whiskey. If there was one thing he could thank humans for, it was that.

"We got the money. And also, Nate happens to have completely wiped our profiles from the police database. Humans are very intelligent when it comes to technology, wouldn't you agree?"

Trowyan finally spoke up. "Yeah, at least we got some money. Most people would kill for the amount we each got. Plus, I actually think that human's a good friend. Got to know him a bit better over the past few days. Real nice kid."

Yotuc nodded, as did Grola, who then said, "I thought he was a liability, but he got us out of there. Kept in touch. Really into those games of his."

"Reft? What about you?"

"Fucking adore him."

Kwoak, obviously frustrated, said, "Am I the only one who thinks he should've died?"

The group responded in unison, "Yep."

Across town, Nate was playing some games, getting ready to attack an enemy base with friends.

As the plan was executed, Nate smirked.

"Hang on, guys. I've got an idea."

_______________________________________________________


I pulled those names out of my ass.


The group of generals, different in species, all huddled around the table that projected the approaching human fleet. The human warships were depicted in red, while the Combined Galactic Alliance's ships were in blue. Every blue dot outnumbered the red three to one. But yet the red dots were fast approaching the thick lines of blue.

The tallest general among the group, with four bulky green legs on the ground, his skin covered in green scales, turned towards the rest. "The humans do know that a full frontal assault on our combined blockade only has a 30% chance of succeeding right?" his voice boomed across the room.

A shorter figure, his furs almost covering his eyes, raised his equally furry arm to speak. "I believe they do, General Alrak. But from our past encounters with human fleets, they never cared about the statistical chances of victory."

Murmurs fell across the room, as the various generals recounted their own tales of skirmishes and battles with the human fleet. Human were the first species to exhibit behaviours that do not conform to the standard way of acting, often barging into battles despite the odds stacked against them. 

General Alrak raised his hand to silence the room. "Colonel Csaz, what is this thing that the humans have, anyway? That makes them so foolishly brazen?

"Hope, sir. I believe that's what the humans call hope."

General Alrak smiled. "Alright, lets see if their hope today can stand against the proven mathematical probability that we have. Prepare the fleet!"

------

/r/dori_tales


Late to the party as usual, but here goes. 

In the human history there is man named Alexander whom they call 'the Great.' Alexander lead a vast army, which worshipped him, with which he conquered hundreds of kingdoms. He spread his noble culture to the far reaches of the world in an unbelievably short amount of time. However, there are legends that he was at least mildly insane. It is the belief of non-human species that this trait is what caused both him to be audacious enough to attempt the feats for which he became famous (even among the humans), and which humans are naturally more inclined. Man is mad, and it is that unrestrained human madness that pierces all other species with a cold dread when they hear, "Man is coming."

The humans have a saying: Ignorance is bliss. This sentiment, like the example of Alexander, lends credence to the cultural norm of willingly flinging themselves into high risk-high reward situations. Let me illustrate this with their first war, of many, with another species. The Luts were a race that was generally respected among the nobler galactic races, but today their name is spoken only after hesitation; it is not polite to bring it up in certain company. The Luts had sent a message to the humans that they owned the area into which the humans were expanding. It is unknown if they received or understood the message - it is most likely they simply ignored it. To Man's credit, the Luts did attack first. 

After decimating the simplistic pioneer human ships, the Luts thought they'd be rid of the humans. It was the first exposure to alien technology they had ever had as a race. Surely they'd be conditioned not to fool with superior races. The Luts went back to their work and let their guard down. 

Not a single standard solar cycle had passed when the Luts sent out distress signals to anyone who could receive them. The humans sent their entire space fleet to the exact coordinate where their first ships had been destroyed, opened fire with, would you believe it, physical and explosive projectiles, and did not let up for a single second for more than 500 hours straight. In space launching physical projectiles causes a ship to fly very unconventionally due to assymetric propulsions. Their ships flew crazily, absolutely impossible to anticipate their flight pattern. And if other human ships got in the way they were shot too! Energy shields do nothing against physical projectiles; the Lut ships, mining camps, colonies, everything was completey destroyed in the sector closest to the human home planet. In fact, human ships were still coming out of hyper-drive when their bombardment stopped, of course by that time the Luts had been obliterated. The point is, there's no way the humans had known about the energy fields' weaknesses, but in their ignorance they ran wildly into a fight. And they continued to run wild until the Luts, as they remain today, were economically crippled. As a side note, it is because of the humans that the new physhields had to be developed. But human ships? They continue to fly their ships naked, no shields at all. 

Ok, I'm out of time. That's all. 

Edit: Fixed some bad sentences, added a few words for thought clarity.


"Explain it to me again. I'm not sure I comprehended the first time."

The Warhost-Master's appendages twitched in frustration. 

"As you are aware, Humanity was, until now, classified as a D-class species - A species with significant technological and societal development, but lacking any spaceflight capabilities. Several picorotations ago, the humans successfully landed and returned two of their kind on their planet's primary satellite. This raised an automatic monitoring alert from our in-system sentry drone. 

What is incredible here is that the humans lack any of the technologies we have, until now, assumed are a prerequisite to spaceflight. They achieved inter-body flight using no method of propulsion other than chemical rockets."

"Explain these chemical rockets to me again."

"It's a relatively obscure method of propulsion. Basically, it involves triggering extremely rapid, extremely exothermal chemical reactions, and using the resulting explosion to direct ejection mass to generate thrust.

As you can imagine, failures are both extremely common and impressively catastrophic. It's practical application is very limited. As far as we are aware, no species has, until now, used it to successfully achieve spaceflight."

"So they landed on their satellite by blowing themselves up? Is that what you're telling me?"

"Well, uh, I suppose that's one way of putting it, sir."

The Warhost-Master used one of his secondary appendages to manipulate a computer terminal. A tall, cylindrical object appeared in the middle of the room. It was surrounded by semi-transparent renders of other spacecraft, to give a sense of scale.

"This is the craft they used. As you can tell, it's absolutely massive. As I explained earlier, their propulsion method relies on ejecting reaction mass. This requires the craft to carry a tremendous amount of fuel to escape their planet's gravity well."

The Representative waved one of it's primary appendages in incredulity, and slapped the wall with a number of it's secondary appendages for emphasis. 

"You're telling me they landed this giant fucking thing on their moon? And that was their first attempt at crewed interbody flight?"

"Um, no sir. They only landed this bit here." 

A tiny portion of the vessel's top was highlighted.

"What the hell do you mean? What happened to the rest?"

The Warhost-Master rubbed it's primary appendages together nervously.

"They, um, fell off."

"Fell off?"

"Yes sir. During the course of normal operation, most of the ship falls off. The ship ejects bits of itself, in order to reduce it's mass, during the course of operation. Their ship is basically a series of barrels full of volatile hydrocarbon compounds. They light one end, and the bottom barrel starts burning. When that is empty, they toss it away, to reduce their mass. They then light the end of the next barrel. And so on. In the end, about half a percent of the ship's mass actually arrives at the destination. The rest falls off. The entire ship is one-use only. It's little more than a giant barrel of volatile hydrocarbons pointed at the sky, on top of which three humans gleefully strap themselves and set on fire."

"And this works? They went to their moon in a ship that self-destructs by design?"

"More or less, sir. Based on analysis of their spacecraft, our AI estimates a loss-of-life failure rate of about 10%. Indeed, sir, they've been experimenting with crewed spaceflight for only a few picorotations, and have already suffered several fatal failures. Such an exorbitant risk would never be tolerated by any civilized species."

The Representative rubbed it's sensory cluster with an appendage in a sign of disbelief. 

"These people are absolutely mad."


The end of all galactic life had been going on for nearly 10 standard cycles. The Enemy was as relentless as it was ancient, still no one knew where they had come from, or what their purpose was beyond mere universal destruction. 

A long time ago, most sovereign governments and most of the colonies had all but given up the fight, realising they were horribly outnumbered and outgunned. Most made some effort or another to preserve life and civilisation. About half had launched massive expeditions to cross dark space to settle in other galaxies. Others built massive vaults on isolated planets where they froze their best and brightest to be thawed after the Enemy had left. Others still isolated themselves completely, destroying their links to the Network that allowed interstellar travel. The remainder simply gave up, thinking of extinction by the Enemy as the logical next step in galactic evolution, as if they were some sort of cosmic force of nature.

When I say 'most', I really mean *all but one*. One people still fought. They had been ravaged more than any other civilisation, enduring multiple planetary bombardments and ground invasions, and practically no effective single government remained, but *they still fought*, and in ways no one could predict or even comprehend. The Enemy was doubtlessly the most feared creatures in the Cosmos, but to those who remained alive, the Human was a close second.

There was a rumour, which I had recently confirmed from their own military, that they had at one point towed three small moons into orbit over one of the colonies under bombardment. These moons were then detonated at high speed at slingshot trajectories, which effectively turned them into planet-sized *shotgun blasts* that ripped the Enemy to shreds. According to their military, this tactic had been repeated and refined a few times since, and now the Enemy had withdrawn from any Human colonial system with an asteroid field.

And then there were their 'conventional' tactics. Humans would regularly 'booby-trap' their own equipment, leaving it behind on the battlefield when it was damaged so that the Enemy would die as they tried to salvage it. Many of them even carried explosives on their person into combat for similar purposes, and there were thousands of instances of these soldiers flanking the Enemy and detonating themselves behind their lines. To a Human, *anything* could be a weapon. One of their soldiers told me that anything that is 'harder, sharper, or pointier than your own body' can be a weapon. That mentality, combined with a penchant for ridiculous high-risk tactics had actually won them a fair amount of victories in the Endless War, some of which had been against those many who had enslaved themselves to the Enemy and now fought *for* them.

Yes, the Human was as feared as he was insane. And even knowing just how insane these Humans could be, I was still shocked when I heard about their most recent plan.

"These Network links literally punch holes in the fabric of space-time, right?"

"Yes..."

"And you can manufacture them fairly cheaply, right?"

"Well... cheaper than warships, anyway?"

"Right! So we figure, we construct, say, a hundred of the buggers, and use two of them for each of these devices!"

The Human was gesturing toward a blueprint hologram of an ancient device from their past, what they called a 'nuke'. Apparently, the ancient Human had been equally insane to the modern one, and had actually thought it a good idea to deploy *nuclear fission* as weapons on the battlefield. Which they had done, first sparingly and later - even knowing what it meant - on a global scale, in what the *utter morons* called the 'Third World War'. *Third*, can you believe that?!

"Let me get this straight," I pinched the back of my neck with my tail, still not quite believing what was being suggested, "You plan on replacing the fissile material in these bombs with Network links. Correct?"

"Yes!"

"And you are aware that this will, at the very least, tear open a hole in space-time, yes?"

"A black hole, yessir!"

"...you realise that this may actually unravel *reality itself*?!"

"It either works or it doesn't, Praetor. Either the Enemy dies, or we all die, Enemy included. If we don't do this, they live and we die."

There was a glaring hole in the Human Admiral's logic. "Or, you know, it could simply *not work* and we will have wasted tons of resources at something completely unproductive."

The Human waved an appendage my way in a strange side-to-side motion I had recently understood was some kind of *chiding* gesture.

"*Hope*," said the Human, "Hope is *never* unproductive."


The captain stood before their company, his ferocity was inspiring.

"Its up to us!" he roared "The boys at the top are wanting to pull the funding for our little expedition, they say this has been a waste of men and money! This is our last chance to take back the colony from those bastards and drive them back to their blasted hovels!"

The team of three dozen on the ship let out a cheer, obviously inspired by our leader. I admit his speech had aroused a primal urge to fight. To protect the homes that we had established here. Their enemies likely out numbered them, but they were the best of the best. If they could just reactivate the bases defenses they could establish ground for reinforcements to land.

A blue light flashed, the crew got silent as they readied up. There was a bump as the ship touched down. There was a slight sound of air decompression and the doors swung open and the crew jumped out and took a wide battle formation.

"How did they know that we were coming!" someone shouted. I looked across the field and there they were. About 200 of them, already in full charge.

"FIRE FIRE FIRE!" screamed the captain as he himself unleashed a barrage of fire from his own weapon. The response was thunderous. The front line of the oncoming hoard went down but they didn't break.

"Why the hell would they come running right at us!" screamed the man next to me.

"These guys are insane what are they doing?" responded my friend who was standing next to me. It was then that they met us, their numbers were greatly thinned but the creatures they were riding tore through the left side of our line. A pointed pole one carried pierced my friends breast and bloomed as a flower out of his back

I turned to my ferocious captain to see him locked in combat with one of our assailants. The creature was clothed in metal from head to heel and carried a sharp piece of metal in its hand. As he brought it down on my captains arm it passed cleanly through his soft combat suit and the flesh beneath. Blood sprayed and I ran.

Next I remember I was yelling at the pilot of the ship to take off. These unorthodox tactics had broken larger battalions than ours and if we didn't get off this rock we would all be dead. As we took off I looked out the window and the shining combatant raised a visor on his helmet and I could see his soft fleshy face beneath. I bowed my head and braced for orbit break.

It would have to be me who broke it to the higher ups that we would never be able to return to this planet they called Earth.


Lexicanum Galacticum

Chapter 67
"Humans"

The human species are famous for their insanity and general lack of responsibility,but still they became one of the dominant species in the galaxy after their victory in the War in Heaven.
The human species are divided into 3 grand factions:

1.The Commonwealth 
2.The United Coalition of Earth
3.The Empire of Man

The humans most famous deeds include:
Ramming a battleship into a shielded planet-ship to penetrate its barrier,then boarding it and completly destroying it from the inside out.

Making a Class E star go Supernova by transporting much of its matter through a wormhole until it reached critical mass.Thus is how the War in Heaven ended.

Building the largest Titan-class battleship ever.(Approx.lenght 45 human kilometers)

Building doomsday weapons with the sole purpose of having it to look strong.

Invading a parallel plane of existence.
Charging into battle,outnumbered 60:1 while shouting "Tenno hekai banzai!",and proceding to win the battle.

Chainswords.

Declaring war on another empire because "Those idiots don't fight in melee.Thus they fight inglorious and without honour."Then after their only peace demands was to make regular use of melee in the said species's armed forces.

Warping a planet into their enemies fleet.
Going on a suicide mission in the galactic core,then annihilating the scourge of the galaxy,then returning like nothing happened.

Accidentaly creating a god-like entity.Then destroying it with the use of thermofusional missiles.

Using giant electromagnetic guns to launch ships into orbit.

The usage of extradimensional forces to contain another extradimensional force.

Lexicanum Galacticum
Page 31415


"Your majesty.." The diminutive, four-legged creature said, bowing formally. 

"Step forward, High Engineer Raxus. I assume you have made progress regarding the device?"

"Indeed. My team has finally replicated the software needed to access it; it contained *hours* of footage, your majesty..." He stated, before hesitating. He ran a claw through his antennae nervously. 

"Raxus? What was this footage..?" The Queen queried.

"I-I apologise, your majesty. It is... rather disturbing. I have barely slept, w-we've been analysing it since yesterday morning.." The High Engineer continued.

"Show me, please." The Queen asked firmly.

"Yes, at once, your majesty." Raxus bowed again, gesturing to an assistant behind him. A button was pressed on a controller, and a huge screen in the royal war room flared to life.

"Ok, ok... we-" A grown man on screen started, but paused to giggle with childish glee. "We're- Dude, stand still!"

"I'm trying!" Another man replied, clad entirely in tin foil except for his rear, which was exposed. "You aren't dressed like a damn space hooker with his pants down up here..!"

"These are.. adult males, yes?" The Queen asked.

Raxus nodded.

"And what *are* they doing.." She said, squinting her upper row of eyes.

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Blast Off." The first man said, before giggling again and lighting a match. He held it up to a small rocket, attached to a zip line, and lit the fuse.

"..one small step for man.." The other, tinfoil-clad man started, as the rocket suddenly flared to life and sped up the line, aiming directly for the man's exposed ass.

"One giant leap for- Ow, GOD, *fuck*!!!" He was interrupted by the rocket pushing between his butt cheeks and planting itself firmly inside him, as the other man burst into raucous laughter.

"What in Z'hora's name..." The Queen uttered quietly, stunned.

"My thoughts exactly, your majesty.." Raxus agreed, equally disturbed by the footage, as the men on screen laughed uproariously and yelled profanity in equal measure, and the man with the rocket in his rear stumbled, falling off his platform, much to the enjoyment of his peers.

"That was his.. rectum, yes? From what you've told me it is an extremely vulnerable and painful area of the body.." She said, a fear in her voice that Raxus had never heard in decades of serving her.

"It is, your majesty.." He confirmed.

"A-and this.. this is a display of strength? A ritual the.. the warriors perform to prove themselves...? Much like how our royal guard smack themselves once on the chest when they are appointed to protect me.." She reasoned, trying to hide the distress in her voice.
"These must be some of Earth's finest warriors.." The Queen continued, in awe.

"Um... actually, your majesty, they are some of Earth's finest... jesters." Raxus corrected fearfully.

The Queen stared at him, mandibles open in shock. "Jesters...?! A-and.. that projectile, was that.. fire they used to propel it? How.. how barbaric, h-how unsafe!" She continued, her panic clear now.

"Fire, heat energy, and explosives are actually... quite common in Earth society, as a method of propulsion.. a-and even lighting. T-that's how their capsule reached our territory... explosives were used to launch it off-world initially." Raxus revealed, the High Engineer sounding just as disturbed as the Queen. 

She stared at Raxus, then at the screen, staying silent for a few moments before she spoke with finality. 

"Hide us, Raxus. Study all you can from their capsule, and then eject it from this world. Rescind the fleet into local orbit, focus the engineering corps' assets into further cloaking technology and increase the output of sensor jamming satellites tenfold. We must make sure these barbarians never find us." She decreed, as Raxus noted down her commands.

"At once, your majesty." 

**Sixty-eight years earlier...**

"Hi, and welcome back to Good Morning LA!" 

The gorgeous blonde woman beamed, before turning to another camera. 

"Actor and producer Johnny Knoxville and his former Jackass co-stars recently crowdfunded over 6 million dollars to get the entire Jackass collection on SpaceX's latest capsule to be launched out of the solar system. In an initial press release, Knoxville said "it would be cool as s**t to show aliens Jackass". The launch is happening this afternoon. I'll be back soon for an exclusive interview with Johnny, but first, here's Rosita with the story of America's first dog martial artist.."


"Hold my beer."

I moaned silently to myself as the icy fear climbed my spine. It was always like this:
The ship would get into trouble, usually because of the Captain.
The crew would try all kinds of solutions that inevitably failed, usually because of the Captain.
We'd be up against the wall, no possible way out, no possible hope... usually because of the Captain.
And then we'd hear those words, from the Captain: "Hold my beer."

We were supposed to have been delivering a shipment of Anduvian wool to the Monks of Patience. Now the Monks were all trapped at the event horizon of a black hole, the wool had gotten lost somewhere along the way and our ship was spiraling out of control through an asteroid field with warships of three different species trying to get a weapons lock on our engines. 

I reached out and took the sweating can from the Captain. 

"I really need a new job." I thought for the thousandth time. But the money was good, and somehow when it was all over we were still here and everyone else, well... wasn't.

"Watch this!" the Captain said; I closed my eyes and shuddered. A Human. I had sign on with a Human.


"The human home fleet has dropped out of warp. We have achieved total surprise. Attack position in 5 units."

By rights, Pursuit Leader Meleet thought, she ought to be gratified by the news. The scene on her repeater screen was, after all, the stuff of fantasies for any green-blooded war-sphere officer. The last of the enemy's ships, speeding towards the waiting guns that would be their doom, not a shield up or decoy deployed, nor a single iota of thrust diverted into the chaotic evasive maneuvers that had driven her targeting crews to distraction on so many occasions? By rights, her crew should be knelt at her hooves, competing to have her sire their litter while the auto-targeters cleaned up the rabble outside. Not that she would take any of them up, of course. A victory such as that would be irresistible to the golden-haired Pack Leader back at Centieth Base...

By rights. Instead, she and her crew were strapped in, at full War readiness, with the bridge sealed off from the rest of the ship, triple guards posted on every entrance and vent, full vacuum gear on, and the disgusting black repellent the spies had retrieved smeared behind their ears. Supported by the largest single concentration of firepower the galaxy had ever witnessed. And still, she couldn't help the itching feeling between her shoulder blades. 

"Acknowledged." The Rigelian turned to the figure sitting stiffly behind and to her right. "Arcteros. The checklist."

"As you wish, Pursuit Leader." Her second-in-command scrolled his datapad and cleared his throat, managing to almost completely disguise the nervous whinny.

"Thus far we have seen no evidence of long-range kinetic weaponry, missiles, laser or other energy weapons, drifting explosives, pockets of combustible gas, novel employment of adhesives, sudden flash flooding, distress calls legitimate or faked, waste recycling plant malfunctions, 'ninja', derogatory messages entreating us to perform the mating ritual with our sires, the celestial body referred to as 'Comet McCometface', localised time disruptions, mirror-universe counterparts, anything produced by 'Bad Dragon', infiltration by any of the Terran flora and fauna catalogued in appendices 77 through 63083, any member of a 'LARP', mimes, the 'brown note', pineapples, excessive amounts of addictive substances, bladed weapons larger than their wielder, boxes that are larger on the inside than the outside, 97.3 FM Country Music 24/7,  attempts to engage fleet members in 'vodka butt chugging', sapient planets, psychically gifted children, suspiciously inviting open boxes labelled 'Secret To Defeating The Humans'..." There was a short pause as he waited for the next page to load.

Meleet winced. She still couldn't figure out just *how* that last one had worked so well. Did the humans emit some kind of intelligence-absorbing field? Best ask the Pack's scientists when she returned. Obviously, the shielding wasn't thick enough. 

"Enough. Give me the summary. Do we see any of their schemes in evidence here?" Irritation flared as she mentally catalogued the list of indignities the never-to-be-sufficiently-damned humans had inflicted on her. On all of them.

"No, Pursuit Leader. They are just...flying at us. Quickly." A panel chimed, and Arcteros looked down. "...Very quickly. Speed increasing. .8 of cee and climbing... 2 units until intercept." He frowned. "Sensors show them as gunboats and destroyers. No ships of the line."

Her heart caught in her throat. "R-repeat that last."

"Pursuit Leader?" The war-sphere's Second looked at his First, who had just turned a very odd shade of green.

"Arcteros." She spoke slowly, with an iron grip on her voice. "The last, beaten remnants of the humans are, at this moment, flying toward a fleet they have no hope of defeating, in their weakest ships besides, and they are *accelerating*. What are the odds of them winning?"

With trembling limbs he keyed the question into the tac-comp. It took mere microseconds for the answer to be returned.

 "A...a...million to one."

They stared at each other for a moment eternal, saw it in each other's eyes as they screamed in unison.

"ABOOOOOORT!"


So the orion cocaine did a number on the human delegates. They were quite bitter we didn't have holodecks  or green slave ladies. Figured a night in the tank would give them time to sober up.

They clogged the forcefield emitters with their clothing and excrement to weaken the shield, and just accepted the casualties as they pushed through our defense staff. Sharpened the femurs of their dead and dipped them in filth! Hopping and hollering, nude, in war paint of fruit samplers from the buffet line. 

But they knew they could not win honorable combat. They just left slippery waste all over the halls, rigged heavy objects to fall, ample fires - apparently called the home alone protocol. Took to the vents.

Found their way to the escape pod level. But instead of retreating, they set all the crafts to crash into the rest of the armada. They somehow manually removed the safety devices and jury rigged the controls. Our automated systems did not expect the collisions with our own safety equipment.   Some of them even detonated on impact but we don't believe that was intentional. We don't know if any of it was intentional. Still tabulating casualties and repairs may take weeks.

We last saw them all together in the galley emptying the space wine reserves, but they've since split up. They somehow diverted almost all power, apparently some are trying to construct their own plasmatic gravity bong from engineering spanners and the skull of the head of security. No, we don't know what they're planning on smoking or where they got it. But it probably won't end well for us.

We tried to induce civil war by inviting rivalries regarding their preferred regional sports teams, but apparently Manchester never actually slam dunked a home run on the 94 Dallas Cowboys. I am now assuming our cultural liaison was having a laugh with us.

They're ruining everything, won't remember any of it, and somehow we're the assholes.


The Galactic Council were at war. A vicious reptilian species were pushing deeper and deeper in to their systems, killing all as they went. There were a few massive repair docks, and one in particular had been considered a lynch pin. Plans were formulated, and the odds calculated. They had no hope of taking it down.

As they began to review the latest plan, the usually sedate Corolinth Councillor began to laugh, hysterically.

The imposing Demorth head Councillor looked on. 
"Explain your outburst, Councillor!"

The avian Councillor looked up.

"My apologies, Head Councillor, however I have just received a report from our ambassador to the humans."

The Head Councillor nodded slowly. The humans were a young race, fairly recently discovered and not yet granted a place on the council. They were becoming quite infamous for crazy tactics, that seemed to work against all odds.

"Well, they placed a request for some of our ships to study. They were duly provided with a small number of outdated ships. Our scientists assumed it was to study them, and improve their own technology. However, they did... Well it's hard to explain, Head Councillor."

The Head Councillor growled.

"Out with it, what did the humans do?"

"I believe the Ambassador explained it as a Saint Nazaire gambit, which is apparently a tactic from their second global war. They attacked the Octanus Dry Dock."

The Demorth shook his head in derision.

"I did not think the humans were capable of plans and tactics. How many were lost?"

"That's the thing, Head Councillor. They suffered no losses. However, the Octanus system is neutralised."

The entire chamber grew quiet.

"How?"

The Corolinth Councillor laughed quietly.

"They flew a ship right in to it, and I can't believe I'm about to say this, they triggered a cascading failure in the FTL drives, intentionally might I add. The resultant explosion has, I dare say, it may have given us the chance we need to win. It was a plan we never would even consider, yet it somehow worked."

The Demorth squared his sizeable girth.

"These humans are a frightening lot to anger."

The Milanian Councillor stood tall from her seat.

"I call a vote; bring the humans in to the council. I don't know about your own races, but my people want these humans firmly on our side."


In the gulfs of space, somewhere off the shoulder of Orion, a probe scans for signs of 'The Enemy'.

"Ping... Ping... Ping... Ping.. Ping.. Ping.. Ping. Ping. Ping. Ping Ping Ping PingPingPingPingPing" 

On the fifth planet of a dying star, a general makes his report to King Priasma of the world of Ilium.

"My king, we've received a curious transmission from one of our probes. It's encountered an unusual object found drifting near the constellation of the great hunter."

"What is so unusual about this object, general?"

"It appears to be of intelligent design, my king, but it also appears to serve no discernible purpose."

"Intelligent design? Do you mean that this was made by... 'The Enemy'?

"It would appear so, Majesty. Our analysts have found similarities between this object and the information we have on... 'The Enemy'.

"You said it was found drifting. Is it some sort of ship?"

"Well... we're not sure, your grace. It has no propulsion system and it's construction defies the possibility of space travel. It's not made of any known alloy. It seems to be made of some sort of inert and inactive bio-material. Our records on 'The Enemy' indicate that they call this material 'wood' and it is obtained from felled plants called 'trees' that are found on their home world. But the most curious thing, your majesty, is the design of the craft itself. It resembles a four-legged creature that in their tongue is called a 'Horse'."

"Hmmm... bring it to the capitol. I want a closer look at this 'wooden horse'."

A slender, innocent, beautiful girl appears beside the throne and speaks to her father...

"Father, for the love you bare me please heed my words. I have dreamt of this 'wooden horse' and it is an ill omen. We should dest-"

"Shut the fuck up, Cassy. Nobody likes you."

SPEZ:So I was taking a shit and thought I'd do a Part II and edit Part I. Not that anyone's going to see it but I'd hate myself if I didn't.


Meanwhile in the frozen abyss, a lonely voice cries out in desperation...


"This has got to be the dumbest plan anyone ever came up with. Seriously, you could root around in a bag of ass-holes and pull out something better than this. They're never going to pick us up."


"Hey, it worked for the Trojans."


"I think you mean 'it worked for the Greeks'."


"No, it was definitely called the 'Trojan Horse'."


"Yeah but the Greeks made it."


"So why is it called the Trojan horse?"


"Because the Trojan's took it."


"Just 'cause you take something doesn't make it yours. Why were the Greeks giving them a wooden horse anyway?"


"It was a ruse to steal back Helen of Troy."


"Steel her back... So she wasn't Helen of Troy?"


"No she was Helen of Sparta."


"Motherfuckers. There they go again! Sticky-fingered people the Trojans."


"Anyway, regardless of the history-"


"I thought it was a myth, like we don't know if it really happened or not."


"Yes but... Ok. Whatever. Anyway, besides whatever *it* was that happened-" 


"- or didn't happen -"


" - Or didn't happen before, this is not going to work. It's like a million to one chance that they'll pick us up and take us back to their planet."


"Exactly. It's bound to work!"


"What?"


"Yeah! Million-to one-chances work all the time. Think about it, how many times have you heard of a-million-to- chance working out for someone: 'He won the lottery' or 'they scored a touch down with a Hail-Mary' or 'a rouge grapefruit killed his mother-in-law'. You see, they always work. Actually, you try and think of the last time you heard of a-million-to-one-chance not working."


"..."


"..."


"..."


"See. You can't. It's a given. Now, shut up. You're supposed to be in cryo-sleep."


"Cryo-sleep!?! I'm sitting in a barrel of fucking salt!"


"Salt's a preservative. Have you got any better ideas?"


"Ice for a start!"


"And where the fuck are we going to find ice on Earth, Einstein? Global-warming, duh."


"I'm sure Jupiter had a moon made of ice."


"Nah, we used all that in the last great ice-bucket challenge. Anyway, shut up. I think I hear something outside."


"There's no sound in space...."


"Just... shut up."


"Don't fuck with humans" was the general received wisdom in the galaxy. They had a history of obliterating the people that fucked them over. A long, bloody history. 

There were a few who didn't heed that lesson, like Zartok the Slaver. I don't like Zartok. Nobody likes Zartok. But he pays his tab and he doesn't cause too much trouble. I'm not in the business of judging people, I'm in the business of getting them drunk.

Well, shit, now he's talking up some human. Poor thing; Zartok says he's gone straight, but trusting him will put you in chains. And now the human's following him out the door. Can't call in what could be a date for all I know. Not my job. 

-----

"Infamous former slaver B1334@dilzen!zk 'Zartok' has crashed his ship into the courthouse of Faxx, Kranix, Bvvvv, his hometown, where he was routinely given sentences for his slaving that many have called 'disgustingly short'. Zartok was found dead at the controls, with injuries that appear to have been sustained before the crash. The entire courthouse is destroyed, with no reported survivors. One escape pod appears to be missing, and the ship's logs appear to be hopelessly corrupted."

The news has been droning on about this for the past hour. Good on that human, I suppose. Hope they feel good about their revenge. The door slams open--goddammit. 

"Oi! Gentle with the doo--"

It's that human! Not a scratch on 'em! They saunter up to my bar and look at me like I'm supposed to shower 'em with gold. "Pay up."

" 'Scuse me?" I may be quaking in my boots, but I ain't gonna show it.

"You heard me. I won the bet. Pay up."

...Shit.


"Sir you worry too much, the humans plan won't work"

"I just have a bad feeling Lieutenant Danstaik, humans are insane. You are too young to remember the zaartak disaster"

"What happened Admiral Gaaztuk?"

"The lutaak amarda had encircled a few human vessels at the zaartak system. The humans in an effort to escape launched all their nukes from the rear and hoped that the blast could launch them out of the trap"

"Did it work sir?"

"No, all the ships were vaporized in an instant. The luutaks never recovered from such a loss."

"The humans are sending us a transmission sir."

"This is Admiral Gaaztuk of the Taatiop, to whom am I speaking to?"

"This is Admiral Rice Crispies of the HMS USS Cereal Bowl. If you do not comply with our demands we will slingshot that dwarf star at your homeworld"

"That is absolutely insane"

"Exactly! Comply or die!"


One by one the stars went out. Earth's scientists looked on in horror and confusion as they vanished. They hadn't burnt out, nor had they gone supernova, they just were no longer there.

It was quick, especially by astronomical speeds. After just a year, the entire southern hemisphere was without starlight and just one year later, every telescope was trained on the north star, the last star, as it too was snuffed out. 

Within moments though, every single one of them returned. Every twinkling little light, right back where it belonged. 

----

"Steady"

"Steady...."

"Alright we're done."

As the final plate sank into place, the two pilots breathed a heavy sigh of relief. A pair of engineers were wiring up the final systems, and then the largest wall the galaxy had ever seen would be complete.

Just then a small *plink* was heard from the other side of the wall. No one dared suggest opening it back up to find the source of the noise though. 

---

"Voyager 1 has stopped transmitting"


Accessing Intergalactic History Log...

Entry 102394

Fall of the Sutraxan Empire (STU 246 - STU 249)

The Sutraxan Empire was feared throughout the local Supercluster for their ferocity in battle and ruthlessness in victory. Their conquest started in STU 206 with the Rape of Kamara where they conducted mass genocide in order to obtain the Kamara Hearth which became the core of the Sutraxan Flagship Annihilous. 

All attempts at contact with the Sutraxan fleet were unsuccessful and diplomatic expeditions to Sutraxa returned with dismembered crew. Economic sanctions placed upon Sutraxa by its neighbors were met with planetary destruction the scale of which is now prohibited by the Foranis Conventions on the Conduct of Interplanetary War of STU 250.

The Sutraxan further expanded their empire with the Taking of Rah'Wekha in STU 210, the Fall of Merano in STU 215 and the Varshana Campaign of STU 218 - 223. The planets that fell victim to Sutraxan invasion had their resources depeleted and their denizens enslaved. The Intergalactic Arbitrators could only sit by and watch as their constituents fell one by one to the Scourge of the System. 

Yet it took only one backwater planet to bring the ferocious empire to its knees. 

Earth joined the Federation in STU 236. Their spacefaring ability was rudimentary at best but the planet's strategic position at the midpoint of one of the Federation's most active trade routes made Earth a prime trade hub. By STU 241, the First Terran Merchant Fleet was completed: a hodgepodge of ships from various planets of origin. The Terrans showed surprising resourcefulness in repurposing decayed and decommissioned battlecruisers into agile merchant vessels and frigates. 

It was not long before Earth drew the attention of the Sutraxan Empire. In STU 244 the Invasion of Sol began and showcased the remarkable resilience and, to quote famed historian Marsinia Gonkledorp "batshit insanity," of the human race. The most recalled event of the Invasion is the Battle of Kuiper Belt. Where Commander Alexander Matrino defended Earth from the Sutraxan Prime Fleet with strategic infiltration and deployment of "Expansion Charges --" Meranian force fields designed to deploy from a small satchel, tearing battleships apart from the inside. The battle culminated in the Assault of Pluto wherein the Planetoid Terran base was steered to collide into the Annihilous, severely damaging the Sutraxan Flagship.

However, despite these shows of bravery and tenacity, in STU 246 the Landing of Mars began. In a final effort to stave off annihilation, the Terrans decided to send a small diplomatic convoy to the Sutraxan High Command. The convoy came back safe to the surprise of the Federation and had forged an alliance with the Sutraxan. The Terrans would exclusively provide the Sutraxan with crucial supplies in exchange for immunity from Sutraxan agression.

In the span of three Standard Time Units, the Sutraxan economy was destroyed, all military spending was directed to Terran supplies of Entertainment. Battleships were filled with cheap plastic models of Sutraxan males and females in cute and/or revealing costumes, as well as entertainment discs depicting animated Sutraxans in various humorous and extremely risque situations. 

In an interview with High Commander Gideon Ang, Savior of Mankind, Feller of Sutraxa, he said "No one told me they were a race of damn catpeople! Who wouldn't want cute catgirls to pet and take care of? The Sutraxans certainly wanted us to." He is here pictured happily petting the head of the then Crown Princess Breya Killpaw. The High Commander is affectionately referred to by his subordinates as "Grievous Weebus."

The Sutraxans have since relinquished power in most of their former empire and their history has since been heavily entwined with Earth. In STU 253, the Sutraxan-Terran Empire was established with Breya Killpaw and Gideon Ang as the first Royal Family.


Hagh backed up against the stone, his pulse rifle nearly as empty as his body of blood. Even now, with the air filled with energy pulses and the sounds of photoelectric charges going off, he felt his world growing darker. 

"Hey!" Hagh heard, snapping him back to the harsh reality of the invasion of his homeworld. "Hey you! Lovarian, right?"

Hagh blinked. "Yes. I am Lovarian. Who are you?"

"Tech Sergeant Adams with the Earth Aerospace Force. You can call me AJ though. You look pretty fucked up."

"I do not know this word. Your tone translates though." Hagh said, quietly preparing his introduction to Algar the Judge. 

"Well you're in good hands. I'm a Pararescue Jumper. I'm a medic. What's your name pal?" AJ said, loading a large round into the fat barrel beneath his own pulse rifle. 

"Hagh. I did not know humans were coming to help. Don't waste your time with me, my judgement comes soon."

"Fuck that, Hog. You can't die until I hand over patient responsibility." AJ said, setting his weapon down long enough to tear a package open with those predatory human teeth. "This is gonna burn Hog, not gonna lie."

And burn, that chemical did. Hagh screamed to the stars, begging to be judged, but his judgement didn't come. Instead, the burn subsided. "Algar's mercy! What was that?" He asked, watching the human shoulder his weapon and giving his (their?) enemies a taste of return fire. 

"QuickClot. Can you run Hog?" AJ asked, taking cover to reload. 

"Slowly, yes." Hagh said, surprised at being handed the human's sidearm. 

"Good, we're headed south. We've got a forward base established where we could break the Litheen invasion forces." AJ said, finally firing that fat little weapon attached to his rifle. The photoelectric pulse lit the darkness, giving Hagh a better chance to see his rescuer. 

Lanky and lean, as humans tended to be, he wore the uniform of his people. He was also bleeding. "You are injured." Hagh observed. 

"Fuck Hog, we're all injured. We had to argue with brass to let us drop in to render aid. Now let's move!" AJ said, setting his weapon to auto fire and filling the air behind them with a cloud of discouraging pulses. 

----------

"And that is why you are named for a human, Anthony, daughter of Hagh." The young woman's father said, with great reverence on his aged face, the beginnings of tears forming in the eyes on the left side of his face. 

"What became of my name father?" The young female asked. 

"I carried him into the base. Not the other way around. He died to allow me to survive. When you bear a child, remember the human who ensured the line of Hagh would remain unbroken. 

"I have asked our neighbors. None of them know this hero, AJ Adams. Why is that the case?" Anthony asked her father, sparing a glance out the window to the Earth place called Miami. 

"This is considered small heroism among the humans, my daughter. Take some time to learn what the warriors of their people have done."

---------
Edit: Typos (did this on my phone) and small editing mistake.


“Your Grace,” Eddie said, bowing. The King gestured for him to rise in one quick, almost bored, motion. Eddie rose, meeting the King’s eyes. His normally serene face had _twisted_ the past few weeks. The man kept his gray-tinged beard even, but it had grown wildly. Uneven and unlike His Imperial Majesty. 

“What news do you bring?” he asked. Behind him Eddie noticed guards shuffle. Once this man fought on the front, notching dozens of kills to his name. Now he sat upon the gilded throne and guided the destiny of his empire. 

Eddie hesitated—he knew the King would not like his words. “We launched the first strike. They suffered massive casualties, enough to cripple any world. Millions died.”

The King grinned. “Yes, of course they are crippled,” his voice shook with laughter. “Did I not say this is what would happen?”

“Yes, Your Grace,” Eddie bowed his eyes in reverence. Then he continued, “but they’ve rallied. Millions are positioned to hit our western outposts. If those fall then they can strike at the capital of Novas, which would throw the entire western half of the empire into disarray.”

“What?” the King bellowed, rising from his throne. “Explain yourself, Commander Edward.” 

Eddie bowed his head. “The casualties they suffered should’ve been enough to cripple. They should have surrendered. Instead they’ve taken every man, woman, and child capable of holding a weapon and have launched a counter offensive. We do not believe them to be overly skilled or organized, but their sheer numbers…”

The King retook his seat. His eyes turned away, hand steepled, face lost in thought. “How long until we can match them?”

“It’ll take us weeks to match their numbers.”

Anger flashed in the King’s eyes. “No, we don’t need to match them. Half of our elite paramilitary units should be enough. They’re skirmishers, not warriors. And once we’ve crushed them I will reunite this empire. Shattered by my forefathers, we will be whole again.”

“Your Grace… during the initial assault we also landed several brigades on the surface of their homeworld. Those men are dead,” Eddie said, his voice almost a whisper.

“You…! How many men have you cost us, Commander Edward? Your incompetence…” the King shook. His lips curled and he snarled. “How many lives will be lost because of you?”

Eddie remained silent, neglecting to mention the order he received. “I apologize, Your Grace. I will rectify this. I swear.”

The King said nothing for a moment. “No. Let them come.” Again the King looked away. “We can use their assault on Novas. Weaken them and some of our vassal colonies. Then reestablish our rule over the west and conquer Earth afterwards.”

“As your command, Your Grace.” Eddie saluted and turned to leave.
“Commander Edward,” the King’s voice called, “do not fail me.”


"Call a gathering of the council members immediately, priority one" Grom barked as he slammed his clenched fist of tendrils.

The concern on the face of the head of the scientific council was clear as saw another red alert warning from the research and observation outpost in sector seven. 

"What in damnation are they up to now!?" the council leader sighed.

As the members of the galactic scientific council gathered, each took an audible sigh of resignation as they saw the only item on the agenda was species G17.a - Humans.

"What is it this time Grom? have they wiped out another one of their animal species? have they poisoned their planet beyond repair? are they hurtling debris and garbage into deep space again?" scoffed a representative of the gaseous species that inhabit a large nebula towards the center of the galaxy. "Whatever it is, let us just ignore these miscreants and stay clear of their sector for our own safety." 

"I'm afraid it's not going to be as simple as that", Grom's eyes scanning the room, not wanting to fixate his gaze on any one council member as to not show fear in his eye. "They're... I don't quite know how to say this, they've begun an experiment that recreates the conditions that gave birth to the entire universe, they're trying to collide the Omega Particles together just to see what happens without a care for what they could start." 

"Omega Particles!?" a collective gasp from the room brought everyone to silence as they continued to listen.

"According to the observation team, they believe they have discovered the truth of the Universes creation and are dangerously close to destroying us all with their foolhardy work." 

Concern and fear spread across the room as the council members considered the dire consequences should the experiments fail. "There is no other way, someone will have to go to him and ask for his help, who should it be?" a voice from the back of the room called out.

mumbles broke out among the gathering scientists, "You can't mean... him? Why would he help now?" another voice replied.

"We have no other choice it seems" the council head decided "I shall make the arrangements, I can only hope he no longer fears their reckless nature as we do, I just hope he will listen."

"Do you not remember the last time he tried to control them!? He sent his so..." a voice tried to complete the sentence but sobbed and could barely continue "They killed him! He hasn't spoken to any of the galactic species since then and certainly hasn't troubled himself with the Humans ever since it happened, why would he help now?"

"The Humans are trying to carry out his work, repeat his experiments, surely he won't stand for that? either way, we must try or we're all doomed" and with that, Grom returned to his ship and immediately set course for the center of the galaxy, to the super massive black hole where he retired to, away from all life so he could mourn alone.

"Open the comms, send the strongest signal you can directly into the black hole" Grom ordered

"Channel open" the comms officer replied

"Here it goes... God?"


"Sir, evacuations procedures are complete, we have to leave, NOW!" A furry quadruped yowls at her commander, who is staring at the flickering monitor of their dying homeworld.

30 star cycles ago, an semi-aquatic species opened a permanent wormhole into the Calarian system in the name of conquest and forcibly started terraforming the outlying planets immediately upon arrival. The League of Stars have proven themselves to be useless, as their Resolution was to send a strongly worded letter to the invaders despite the mounting, one-sided death toll of the Calarians. The commander was a mere child at one of the fringe colonies when they started *The Drowning* All their weapons proved to be useless against the alien race's mastery of pure dihydrogen monoxide, a substance that never existed in its pure molecular form on their homeworld.

"Commander!"

The insistent voice snaps him back to reality, causing him to nod his head and hit the countdown button. 

"May Khajit have mercy on us all."


*Fades to black follows by an abrupt explosion of light*

"Sir!" The officer in the helm section turns back his head urgently. "There are multiple event horizons developing..."

"What?" The commander stands up in shock, as if forcing them to self-destruct their planet wasn't enough, now there are going to be blackholes tearing apart their star system as well?

"... There's some sort of EM emission directed at us... Do we open fire?" The chief weapons officer interrupts the commander's melancholy.

"Wait!" The communications officer jumps up and points at the forward screen.
Within it, the emptiness of space is replaced by a photon projection that flickers before forming into a picture of some hairless bipedal creature, a pale at that, while speaking and gesturing with their hands.

The comm. officer's control panel lights up on its own, the universal translator kicking into overdrive before it emits the calm, cold electronic of the soft hiss and purr of their native language.

The commander is still in shock, as he has recognized the image of the creature still being projected. The "legendary" humans, both the Saviour and the Harbringer within the Milk Dish galaxy.

"Ma'am... the universal translator seems to recognize the creature's aggressive movements of its forelimbs... are they enemy reinforcements...?" 

"Ma'am!" Another operators interrupts. "The AI is requesting access to the Grand History archive."

"Allow it."

The entire starship flickers for a moment as all available power is used to conduct a search function. After a couple of seconds, the UT's indicator changed from "Earthling" to "Earthling - Italian".

"Retreat! Relay to the fleet, retreat!" The commander forces himself to yell despite the terror, complete ignoring the comm. officer's translation of the message.

Their forays into space has been spotty, but each time they appeared on the galactic stage, something major would happen. The last time a species tried to take over one of their colonies, they engineered a supernova that wiped out the offending species. The commander can only assume they will do the same again. These crazy humans are crazy enough to tear a hole in spacetime just to travel instead of using the standard Modular Wave drive for FTL, the commander has no intention to fine out what the humans are doing "this" time.

*Scene change to the United Earth Ship - SpaceyMcspaceface*

"Captain, the Toasters are ready for launch!"

"Make it so, Ensign."

As the fleet's wormholes fades away, clusters of old, unshielded fusion and fission reactors are slung forward, directly into the terraformed worlds. The squids deploys their usual water shield to no avail as one defense systems fails one after another. The systems that easily defended against Calarian's advance weaponry.

What followed was a storm of insanity and diplomacy of which the Calarian had no precedence of. After defeating the immediate alien threat, the humans proceed to give chase. The supposedly female on the projection wasn't declaring war on them as the commander has previously thought, as it's just their way of communicating. She was merely communicating that they are going to help them in exchange for having a few of their finest actors to participate in an entertainment media that's vital to their cultural, or so they claim.

Thus, the humiliation of the Calarian was cemented in galactic history as the first to be featured in a human movie production of a furry erotica which caused the Great Splintering of the various species on the galaxy.


"Commander Trill? They're back at it."

The commander's stomach dropped when he heard his secretary's slightly muffled voice. "I'm sorry, can you repeat? Who's back at what?" 

There was a pause. Trill crossed his fingers, a stupid human superstition which had spread like the plague. Maybe, just maybe-

"You know perfectly well who and what I mean, Trill, sir."

The Orakon sighed in defeat, nearly crumpling onto his desk. Yes. Olaos was right. He knew perfectly what and who. 

"Just... Just let him in already..." He muttered before straightening up and trying to not look entirely depressed. 

It only took a few minutes before he heard the rather loud and obnoxious heel click and foorsteps in the hallway. 'Here we go again...' he thought, and one could've sworn a tear slid down his cheek. 

"Trill! How are you?!" Daveson, one of the human's representative, tried to sound cheery. Trill already had his face in his clawed hands. "Please just sit down." He mumbled. 

Daveson and his partner (in crime, as far as Trill was concerned), Alma, sat down in front of the huge desk. A few more seconds passed before the commander finally slowly looked up. 

"You know the reason for which you're both here today." The pair nodded. "Good. Then let me ask just one question." The two stilled. "Why." Trill looked so truthfully and deeply confused and desperate that Daveson couldn't do much more than give him a quirky grimace trying to pass for a grin. 

"Trill, listen-"

"No, you listen. Listen to this." He quickly pulled out the mail which he had scanned on their way to his office. "12 dead, 40 in cryogenic sleep. Daveson, why?"

"It's actually quite a funny story-"

"And it doesn't end there! We all wish it did, of course, but no, no... Daveson, listen to this."

"Trill-"

"40 destroyed structures. Of which 3 were from outer galaxy governments."

"I know it sounds bad-"

"I just want to know... Just.... Daveson, please, please just tell me... Why?"

This time around, Daveson didn't answer. He just stared down at his hands like a scolded child. Trill turned to Alma and gave her a look. 

"It has to do with racism, commander.."

"What? I thought you'd abolished race centuries ago?"

"We did too, except there was this hair counting machine..."

"Hair counting machine."

"Yes, and someone found a so said scientific study on the correlation of hair number and race... Depending on  if the number of hairs is an even number, odd nunber, multiple of seven, etcetera. A few radical groups took it to heart, sorted themselves out by so called race, found an experimental bomb, and..."

"Would you like to know something, Alma?"

"Y-yes, Commander Trill?"

"It's the 17th time this year you've been here. And between this time and the last three, not a single other species was sent to me for this kind of issues."

"That sure is... Uh..."

"Yes. Exactly as you say." With a bleary look at them, Trill turned on his glasses. "I don't believe you have any... Excuses?" Silence. "Very well then. My job here is done then. You may go."

Alma and Daveson shuffled out much more quietly than they had pranced in. Trill finished typing up a report and sending it down to Olaos. 

"Thank you, sir." Said the secretary. 

"Do you think they'll ever learn, Olaos?"

Olaos seemed to think for a moment. 

"I sure hope so."

"We all do..."


It had been four months since I was taken. Throughout it all, Jack Black had just been... there. I don't know why. I don't know how. But he's just been roaming around the hallways, eating and giving me shit in equal order. I used to like him – his older stuff, at least – but now I was just about ready to kill him. 

He doesn’t seem to be an alien – they look like nothing I’d ever imagined, let alone seen. But he doesn’t seem to be their captive either. They seem to revere him, actually.

I saw him walk past, the prison bars the only thing separating us. He was passionately air guitaring, and I sighed. I just couldn't help myself anymore. 

"What the hell are you doing here, Jack? What does any of this mean?" 

He put his finger up to shush me, continuing his guitar solo with one hand. When his imaginary crescendo ended, he sat down opposite me.

"Aliens have been searching the galaxy for something," he said, resting his imaginary guitar against the wall, "and I'm totally the key to finding it."

This was a personal revelation. I did not know why the aliens abducted me - could I be a key to their search as well? Jack Black and I, an unlikely duo? 

"What is it? Do you know something they don't?" I asked, feeling hope for the first time in months. 

Jack Black smirked, putting his hands in his pockets. "Course I do, dude-eo."

"What is it??"

"They're looking for *the greatest song in the world.*"

I sat there in disbelief. This couldn't be real. Aliens with faster-than-light technology couldn't be so... *stupid*.

"I wrote the tribute to it, of course," he continued, nodding with self-satisfaction, "can't remember it now though. Blew our fucking minds, man."

"But that was just a dumb song!" I shouted, and he looked at me in surprise. "Your joke band wrote it- Tenacious D!"

"You think it was a lie?" he asked, visibly hurt. "Not cool, bro. Not cool."

I put my head in my hand, closing my eyes. I didn't know what to believe anymore. 

"I don't... ok, sure. Let's say it's real. Then where are we going?"

He looked at me like I was an idiot. "To Satan, obviousli-rohnee," he said, standing up. "Me and Kyle played it to him, gotta go ask him if he remembers it."

He stared out the window, as stars whizzed by. "Tough guy to reach these days," he added as an afterthought.

I gazed up at him. Satan, aliens, all the experiments I've endured... was there some kind of cosmic purpose to all this? Was I somehow linked to *The Greatest Song In The World?*

"And what about me, Jack?" I asked as he walked away, desperate for the answer. "Why did they bring me with?"

He stopped, as if considering it for the first time. He looked back at me, shrugging.

"Butt stuff, probably."

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3

Edit: Check out this [amazing reading](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/comments/5h0bst/wp_jack_black/daxgeai/) of the story by /u/NachosGalore!


I paced back and forth in my cell, looking for some kind of weakness. The force-field walls were impenetrable, as far as I could tell. I'd spent about half an hour running into them at full speed while Jack Black developed nicknames for me. But I hadn't tried the ceiling yet; it was pretty high up there. I turned the bed, which was the only piece of furniture in the room, onto its side. And by jumping off of the bed and then using the force-field wall to propel myself even higher, I finally managed to grab onto the ceiling.... only learn that it was electrified. My whole body twitched, and I fell to the floor spasming in pain.

"Aaaahahahah!" Jack Black laughed, sitting on a windowsill looking out into the empty void of space. The fingers on his right hand were covered in Cheeto dust, and his left hand held the bag. "BzZzZzZzZ!!!" His eyes bugged out and his whole body (particularly his paunchy belly) shook as he made exaggerated jolting movements. He laughed again, then repeated the whole routine in case I hadn't seen it the first time.

"If you're not going to help me, could you *PLEASE* put a shirt on?" I shouted to him. It was bad enough that he was there just to mock me; did I really have to look at his pasty chest while he did it?

"Could you *puh-lease* put a shirt ooowwwon!!" he sang in an exaggerated mimicry, pantomiming a microphone with the bag of cheetos . Then he proceeded to drum on his chubby stomach for a while, sending ripples through layers of fat. His right hand left five greasy orange streaks running from his hip to his belly button

"It's not really Jack Black," I muttered to myself. "It's not really Jack Black." He was down on Earth somewhere, probably in a mansion and wearing a luchadora mask or something. Also probably eating Cheetos. "They're just doing it to torture me."

"And it's *woooooorking*!" Jack sang out, strumming wildly on an air guitar. Then he drew a Cheeto out of the bag and tossed it at my face; it bounced off of my forehead. I tried to ignore him... so he threw another Cheeto at me. 

An alien came around the corner in view of the cell. It moved kind of like a snail or a slug, sliding along the slick metal floor. But it was the size of a small boulder, with waving tentacles coming out its back at odd angles. Jack Black jumped up from his spot near the window, stood at attention like a soldier, and saluted. "Your Majesty!" he called the alien in a booming, sonorous voice that went echoing down the hall. I wasn't sure if he was trying to be funny, or if it really was some kind of royalty. Probably the former, because I doubt they would stand at attention just like humans. Particularly with no legs. "Cheeto?" Jack held out the bag to the alien.

*Are you ready to talk yet?* The alien asked telepathically, ignoring Jack Black in a way that I only *wished* I could.

"NEVER!" I shouted back. I refused to be responsible for betraying my entire planet. They'd have to kill me.

*Very well.* The alien retreated back down the hall. *I'll leave you in Jack's capable hands for a while longer, then.*

"Cayapable hayands!!!" Jack shouted, dropping to his knees and holdings his fists in the air like he was belting out a climactic solo. 

I ground my teeth, not sure how much longer I could hold out against such torture.

-----

Subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for more (and better) stories!


"Oo-hoo. Smooth plan, bro. Just going to slip out the Apple Mac and make like Jeff Goldblum, huh?"

I turned to look at him. "Are you going to help or not?"

Jack gave his serious look - or as close to serious as that face ever could manage - then crossed his eyes, as if someone had slapped him on the face. "EERrrrrrrr....NOT!"

I paused, closed the laptop - why the damn aliens hadn't taken it off me I had no idea - and stared back at him with incredulity.

"Why not? We're both prisoner..."

"No-charoney, cabroney. I am not a prisoner of these inter-dimensional beings. And aliens is just a touch racist, you know?"

"What? Why the hell are you here?"

"Why?" Jack leapt up, somehow going into a star jump. "Because it's friggin' awesome! Look around you! It's a shiny fest of amazing futurology."

"That's...That's not what futurology means! I..." I paused. Caught my breath, slumped down the metal sides of the ship. I assume they were metal - I just wasn't willing to ask him in case he did an impromptu air guitar solo and rock horns. Instead, I summoned up the Zen tranquility I could only find when Pauly Shore movies forced me to blot out existence beyond my own thoughts. 

Status check. I'm alive. On a space ship of some kind, that's clear. With Jack Black, for some reason. Still fully dressed, which bodes well. Still with my laptop. I opened it up, Jack collapsing down next to me like we were bros that had just tucked into the sweetest of burritos together. 

I prayed for the Zen peaks of *Bio Dome* to forget that I'd used the term 'bro'. 

"So, you a fan of my movies?"

"I liked *Mars Attacks!*."

"What? Pft. I mean, I get it, it's fitting, but I died as soon as the aliens landed. OMG, SPOILER! I meant the classics. *Gulliver's Travels*. *Shallow Hal*. *Tropic Thunder*. Yeah, I was in that," he over-emphasised the word, screwing his finger into the floor, "though everyone only remembers RDJ."

There was a reason for that. I opened up the laptop again.

"*High Fidelity*. That was OK. *School of...*" I caught myself before I said it. Too late.

"Roooooooooooooooooooooooocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkk."

I groaned. "Look, you might be OK up here, but I'm not. I want to get out. And... wait."

"What?" Suddenly he was leaning over. "What is it, bro? Discovered something critical? Something important?"

"WHY DO ALIENS HAVE WI-FI?"

"I told you. Not aliens. Inter-dimensional beings. And I have nooooo idea. They never really expla..."

"And why does the Wi-Fi say I'm in...'Jackareeno's Cribarino'?" 

I closed the laptop. Black looked sheepish.

"Where am I, Jack?"

"Inter-dimensional..."

"Where. Am. I. Jack."

"I get lonely..."

"WHERE AM I JACK?"

"Fine. You're in my basement. I just like space ships, and wanted to hang with someone. I totally didn't kidnap you or anything. Ha! That would be ridiculous! Like, you know. I wouldn't do that. Like how I wouldn't pretend to be a teacher to a bunch of kids I didn't know, or commit serial murders and get my town to cover it up, or - ha ha ha - how I convinced a life coach to hypnotise me to see fat chicks as hot women."

I swallowed, and stared into those maniacal eyes, recounting his movies one by one. I hated myself that I even got the references. Reality was once again infringing on my zen.

"Can... can I go?"

He hung his head sadly. "'Fraid not."

"Why not?"

"Well... this may not be a space ship, but the inter-dimensional beings, they're real. And they have instructions." He rose, and walked back, a crazed smile widening below those crazed eyes. My throat tightened.

"And what... what do they say?"

Jack smiled and pulled out a knife concealed somewhere I didn't want to think about. "They need payment. The beings... they need payment for life on Earth to continue. And that's a blood sacrifice. Sorry bro."  

"Wait! Jack! Wait..."

"No can do," he replied, voice lifting into a shrill imitation of singing. "You are not the greatest person in the world. You are just their tribute..."


"Log date: 7;00. The first day of my imprisonment.

The lights, the sounds... Everything was so foreign. I'm not entirely sure how I ended up on the ship, although I'm assuming I was abducted. Yeah. Aliens. If you don't believe me, take a look at these... books? That's not an Earth language, I'm sure."

"Oh, yeah. Complaining to a camera is *really* going to help you out here."

"And this here is Jack Black. He is here too, for some reason. He won't tell me why, or share his chips with me. Anyway, I'm going to quickly pan around the room. If I survive this, I need some proof."

*camera pans around room, a slightly pissed off Jack Black a feature in one corner.*

"So, yeah. This is the end of this log, I guess. See you next time!"

I shut off my camera that, thankfully, survived my abduction. I turn to address the problem. Jack Black, that is, not the fact that I was a prisoner in an alien space ship. His continuous munching on chips was getting louder, and really beginning to annoy me.

"What the hell is your problem? And why on Earth are you here? And... Where is here?

"Well, to answer the first question, I have no problem at all. In fact, it's quite relaxing up here, away from all my... problems, with a bag of Doritos. Second, this isn't Earth, clearly. So that doesn't matter. And, I'm assuming we are in orbit somewhere between the Earth and the moon. That answer your questions?"

"Yeah, no. What are you going to do when you run out of Doritos?"

"Find some more?"

"HOW?"

"I have my ways."

This is impossible. Since Black is clearly no help at all, I'm just going to have to find a way out myself. 

I wandered over to the control panel, and wondered vaguely why it wasn't being watched by anyone, or anything. What abducted me? I studied the various buttons, knobs, and levers, when I was suddenly aware of a hairy presence behind me.

"Whatcha doin?"

"WHAT THE F... DO NOT DO THAT AGAIN." 

"You really have no hope to get out. You know that, don't you?"

I took a deep breath, composed myself, and turned to the man who may as well have been a large panda martial artist. 

"Who, or what has us here as prisoners?"


"Prisoners? No, you must be mistaken. This is clearly a party!"


"Mr. Black... Jack... Can I call you Jack?"

"No-"

"I'm going to call you Jack. Listen, if I don't start getting some straight answers, I'll, I'll..."

Oh, how I wanted to slap that smug ass grin off his face.

"FINE. Look, we're never getting out of here if we don't cooperate. Please, can I have some assistance?"

"Uhhh... no. In case you haven't noticed, I'm here on my own free will. I don't have shackles on, and I don't have a ridiculous tattoo on my face either."

What the HELL have they done to my face? I searched for a reflective surface, desperate to see if it was fixable.

Aannd... There was that look on his face again. Grumbling, I fell to the floor, incredibly pissed off, but accepting my fate. If I have to fight aliens, at least I can sacrifice him, first. He joined me on the cold hard ground, still munching on the fucking doritos. If I am trapped here, I might as well start a conversation with him.

"So, I liked your acting in Kung Fu Panda..."

"Yeah, I'm pretty great. Did you know they actually dressed me as an animated Panda, and animated everything around me?"


I sighed.

"And... The Muppets movie... That was cool too, I guess."


Immediately, his face contorted into a frown.

"Oh... That was real, wasn't it."


Aand now he's sulking.

Wow, this is going to be fun.


"Look, Jack," I said as I crawled through the ductwork outside of my cell. My captors, who appeared to be about nine feet tall on average, had apparently failed to take my smaller size into account. Or maybe their ineffable alien culture simply didn't have a *Die Hard* equivalent. "It's not that I don't appreciate the company..."

"It's no problem, *muchachorino*," Jack Black, he of *Kung Fu Panda* and *High Fidelity* fame, said as he crawled behind me.

"... but if my subconscious is going to manifest an invisible companion to keep me sane, you seem like sort of an odd choice." I twisted my way around a sharp ninety-degree bend in the tunnel. "I mean, no offense here. It's just that I'd be more likely to expect... I dunno... David Tennant or Ben Browder, given the circumstances. Maybe even Will Smith."

"Nah, bro, you don't want that. Dude's a *total* dick."

"Well -- okay, one, that's disappointing if true..."

"*I know*, right?!"

"And two, that's not an answer. Again, no offense. I think you're a great actor, and honestly, I think *Kung Fu Panda* showed that people really underestimate your dramatic chops, the way they usually do with comedians -- same as they did with Jim Carrey, for instance --"

"Also a dick. Not 100% his fault. Dude's bipolar, you know?"

"Point is -- given the entire oeuvre of artists and actors I have access to, why you? Why not..."

"Scarlett Johansson?" I could practically hear him waggle his eyebrows behind me. "Little bit of ScarJo action? Or maybe a little Asa Akira?"

"Uh, *dude?* Not cool? Stay out of my mental porn folder, *s'il vous plait?*" I reached the end of the tunnel, another grating like the one I'd entered. Didn't see or hear anyone outside. I started to undo the odd, puzzle-like clasps my captors seemed to use in place of screws.

"Well..." I heard him (somehow) start to munch on his ever-present bag of chips. "Maybe your brain's trying to tell you something, you know?"

"Like what?" I pulled the last clasp free, holding the grate up with my hand. Glanced outside. Still clear. I quietly pushed the grate down.

"That maybe you're playing the same character I do in most of my films, y'know? The optimistic chump who's not as smart as he thinks he is."

"And how am I doing that?" I crawled out of the vent and stood up. Looks like I was in a wide room. Completely empty and featureless, except for the vent and the five or six doors.

"Like, maybe you should be questioning why there just *happens* to be a tunnel out of your cell that's the perfect size for you."

Bars abruptly dropped down on the vent's entrance. Multicolored lights suddenly switched on throughout the room, a different color above each door -- none of which, I belatedly noticed, seemed to be nine feet tall.

Crap. I wasn't loose in the ship. I was just a rat in a maze they'd made for me.

"So anyway," Jack said conversationally, reaching in for another handful of Tostitos as he leaned up against the wall next to me. "Wanna hear me sing *Freebird?*"


I sat cross-legged on the cold stonewashed floor of my modest bedroom, on this ship I'd come to call home over the past several months. Or had it been days? Years? These creatures didn't use clocks, there was no sunrise or sunset, and the frequent mind-bending jumps into "bentspace" toyed with my mind. I stared out the missing fourth wall into the vast expanse of space, a foot of pure diamondium glass separating me from the universe I now wandered as an unwilling captive. Meditation had, at least, kept me somewhat sane.

The creatures were not cruel, offering us prisoners virtually anything we wanted as long as we did as we were told. Their technology seemed to be able to create anything out of thin air, and kept us from aging. But they did not tolerate attempts to escape. Their existence was a secret, and any captured creature could never return home. Nonetheless, like all the other prisoners, I yearned for my home.

Well, not quite all the other prisoners. There were a few other humans on the ship, all celebrities. Elvis was here, of course, along with Cleopatra, Sir Winston Churchill, and Rembrandt. Then there was Jack. Yeah, Jack Black himself.

I don't think he was a prisoner, but the aliens didn't seem to pay him much heed either. It was almost like no one really cared about him. He would never turn us in for trying to escape, but he'd never try to help, either. One time Cleopatra managed to seduce a guard (a feat on its own, considering their asexuality), only to be interrupted by a shirtless Jack devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar. Sir Winston Churchill managed to negotiate our release with their leadership, only to be interrupted by a shirtless Jack devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar. Rembrandt drew a detailed map of the ship from memory, but Jack rolled a blunt with it before...yep, you guessed it, devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar.

Tired of being probed five times a day, it was my turn to hatch a plan. Right then I decided that if anyone was the key to my escape, it was the man who'd thwarted us with his predictable humor again and again. I enlisted the help of the others, and we set our plan into motion.

Several moments later, as Cleopatra helped Churchill scrub the green blood off his knuckles, we reached the escape pods by the power core. The core hummed loudly as we snuck along, our hearts pounding, expecting our captors to jump out at any second. We reached a pod and opened the door. Jack leapt out of the escape pod, Doritos in hand. He climbed on top of the power core like it was a box amp and started a particularly wild air guitar routine, ignoring the many animated warning signs about keeping the area clean. As Dorito crumbs fell into the power core like a gentle orange snowfall, it began to glow brightly and shake. We clambered into the escape pod, and before I shut the door I turned around and saluted. Jack stopped, saluted back with a cocky half-grin, and resumed his wild pantomiming as the exploding core enveloped him, and we shot into the expanse of space, finally, returning home.


"Rockin' balls, whoa!"

Had I been here days? Weeks? It was impossible to tell without windows. These corridors were not laid out by a human mind. Not even a warm blooded mind. From what I could see these things didn't even have blood.

"Totally bitchin'! Fuck ya!"

While I thought about these surfaces as chrome, there was no way; the stone on my wedding ring slid off it like a knitting needle on cast iron when I tried a scratch test; jr. high science paying off.

"That'ssofuckinbadass!"

Tired of running around, dodging out of the way when I hear the telltale snap and crackle of the living energy aliens, I began to climb. That's when I found Jack.

"I dunno how you do it, dude. Your a chick and shit, aren't you supposed to have, like, less upper-body strength than strapping hunks of thunder love like me?" 

He had that puckered smile on as he said it, and I just couldn't smack him.

I pulled myself up onto the next protrusion large enough to sit on. I exhaled, sweat drying instantly in the hot, dry air. The ambient thrumming drone seemed louder the further up I climbed. 

"What cha' thinkin', Lisa? This whole place reminds me of that time we ate peyote and rocked out in the dessert, huh?" 

I'd always liked Jack Black, even back in his early HBO days, especially then, when he was just a talented schlub. 
"Uh uh. A hard rockin', face meltin' guitar god!"
I just hoped once I ate and got some water that wasn't tainted with whatever the hell they put in it the Jack-Black-Come-Tyler-Durden thing would stop. I continued my assent while Jack went nuts on an air guitar solo, filling in the 'face melting licks' with "biddly-dee-dee-dwow" sounds.
"If your going to persist, you could do something useful."
Jack looked genuinely hurt.
" I thought I was."
I blew my bangs out of my eyes as I reached up higher, the asynchronous hum now definitely louder. Jack's guitar solo crescendoed as I reached the top. 

Looking out from an elevated cat walk I beheld a massive glowing orb of white light, the yellow and orange living lightning that had taken me milled around below, tending to featureless , smooth consoles which lit up to their touch.

"Whoa dude. Gnarly shit."

I couldn't argue. Neither could I shake Jack's earlier comments. Tyler had helped (after a fashion) the narrator in Fight Club. Jack was the product of my unconscious. Surely...he HAD to be here to help. 

I reflected on everything he'd said since appearing.

Suddenly I had it; in an instant I had a eureka moment. Now if only I had a-

"Gibson SG standard electric guitar."

I looked over at where he stood next to me, a brand new shining electric guitar in his hands. 

"Normally I jam an acoustic but when I wanna rock some fuckin' socks off..." as I took the red enameled body in my arms Jack  began to disappear. I noticed the cord trailed off the body and into the wall behind me.

'Well, if pure energy, I guess your thoughts might be able to manifest solid objects this close to their power core.' I glanced over my shoulder and saw Kyle Gass stage whispering to Jack as they faded away altogether.

"Whatever." I said as I ripped into Tenacious D's Explosivo, the sound shredding through their carefully harmonized energy like a baseball bat through tissue paper. 

For an instant the air was filled with the discordant cries of dozens of alien voices as their ethereal bodies were hit with a wall of sound. 

Then I was falling. 

Falling through streamers of once solid metallic matter now thrown out of state by a sudden loss of energy.

I sped toward the ground, blacking out as I hurled toward the earth, distantly I heard Jack again.

"Better think of something soft, QUICK."

The last thing I remember before passing out is the image of a stuntman's air bag, the kind used to leap safely off rooftops. 

[first edit: syntax and grammar 

Second edit: changed To Explosivo from Hendrix Star Spangled Banner because Duh

3: bangs not forelock (she's a modern gal not an elf]


"Hey kiddo!"

"Ah don't give me this crap again.." I replied, annoyed.

"You know, that's about your 20th time this week. When are you gunna give it up?" Jack Black said.

"I don't  know.. maybe when you tell me why the hell your here!" 

"I can't. That stuff is classified! You know what those alien buddies would do to me? Shit, they'd probably forbid me usage of the space snack maker. Duuude, you know you can make ice cream bacon sandwiches?" 

"Aww, fuck it. I'll give it another shot tomorrow."


I, like many of those in the front two rows of Gramma's funeral, as opposed to those in the back thirty-fucking-two rows of the concert-like event, hid my confusion poorly.  

Gramma, I thought, was an old woman who was passing time until death took her. The location of the event, an upscale building in an upscale neighborhood, and the security with guest lists told me different.  

I knew I hid my confusion poorly because my brother came up to me and said one word: "nudes."  

"You what now?" I replied. I knew the question I had and he knew I had it. What exactly did Gramma post on Twitter to get the millions of followers they claim she has?  

"She took tasteful nudes, white shirt no bra-"  

"Oh Jesus-"  

"At first, anyway. Then it became topless and eventually bottomless for some reason. Her legs are-"  

"Christ, alright!" I yelled. "Enough."  

"Finally downright nudity. She had a million complaints, but rumor has it she was fucking the Twitter CEO for more freedom-"  

"Fuck, Gramma." I whispered. It appeared my brother was done speaking, finally.  

They called me up for my eulogy.  

"It appears that Gramma was a slut." I said it into the mic. The crowd was silent, except a laugh from my brother. The host, yes she had a damn host at her funeral, took the mic back and looked at me questioningly.  

"She posted nudes." I said.  

"What?" She asked.   

"On Twitter." I hissed.   

"She posted bible quotes!"  

The whole hall was silent, save for my brother's gasping laughs.


This is a true story. I have never written anything for this sub as I'm not a writer, but saw the prompt on my front page, and started crying. I hope it's okay if I share this with you.

My mom turned 71 years old last November. The day before she was working out at the gym as she did five days a week. You wouldn't have known she was in her seventies; she had few wrinkles, and still worked full-time for the local school system as an administrative assistant. She was standing up after cycling 8 miles on the gym bike when she had a seizure. A fitness instructor called 911. The hospital called me, and I rushed to the emergency room.

My mom was already hooked up to monitors and an oxygen mask when I arrived. She was not awake. The ER doctor told me that she appeared to be in a coma and was exhibiting neurological symptoms. They wheeled her into the MRI bay and ran a scan of her brain. Cloudy disperse formations showed covering a third of her frontal lobes. A small mass shone bright under contrast in a portion of her inner brain. The neurologist explained that they needed to remove a sample of brain tissue to test for cancer.

My mom never woke up. She was diagnosed with glioblastoma stage IV, along with an unusual form of brain cancer that creeps between tissue, locking down brain and body function like a slow-moving night janitor. She was released to hospice care, and I spent the next three months sitting next to her silent body, 24 hours a day, reading her stories and bits from the news. Sometimes I sang to her, her favorite country songs though I can't carry a tune. She passed in the middle of the night a few weeks ago, and I didn't notice until I woke from a fitful sleep to find her cold and still.

The day after her obituary posted online, I started receiving calls and messages from literally hundreds of strangers. They wanted to know if they could attend the funeral mass, or if they could send flowers and make a donation in her name to foundations supporting brain cancer research. Who were these people? My mom had a few friends, but mostly hung out with me when she was outside of work. 

It ends up that my mom had a secret. She had a Twitter account, and had over 50,000 followers. She didn't post funny things or salacious things or political things - the stuff that usually goes viral. She just posted coffee talks each morning, and tens of thousands of men and women around the entire world joined her in wishing others a great day. She liked to post motivational pictures with sunsets and uplifting words. She liked photos of deer in the woods, kittens, the great expanse of desert that rolls beyond our city, the stars of the night sky. 

She never told me about her Twitter. I found out from these strangers who came to depend on her smile and spirit. I guess what I learned is that it doesn't take much to make someone else's life better.

Thanks for listening. I miss my mom so much right now.


Life ends for one, but for us, it still pushes on. For my dear Grandma, peace had come at last. 

It was March 30th, 2017, the day of Grandma Zora’s visitation. My family was dreading the day—showing up to a funeral home, seeing the deceased lie there as everyone tells you they are sorry for what happened. Words of sincerity, yet they would not overcome the sadness parading in our heads. 

11 am, and the doors of the funeral home open. We expected our friends and saw a few faces we recognized. They came over to us, offering hugs and condolences. Then there was the rest. First, it was tens, then hundreds and by the end of the day, thousands. 
They all came in and headed straight for the open casket.

In the beginning, my mother was horrified. She felt like we were being targeted for some sick prank and ran to the washroom to clean up the running mascara on her cheeks. 

“Excuse me,” I asked one of the guests. He looked to be in his forties and wore a black suit with a dark blue tie. Anxiously pushing up his glasses and pushing back his long brown hair, he waited around the crowd that amassed at the casket.

“It's sad isn't it?” he said. “Oh, sorry, you were going to say something.”

“I don't mean to be rude. I don't know how else to ask it right now… but why are you here? Who are you?”

“Paul Benner,” he said, extending out his hand and I shook it. “I'm here to see the old lady, of course. @WesleyDoes.” 

“@WelseyDoes?”

“Yeah, her Twitter,” he said, and jumped into an opening through the crowd. 

I turned to a young lady beside me in a simple black dress. Her black hair extended down the back as if it were part of the fabric. She seemed more patient than Paul. 

“Excuse me, are you… ugh… here to see my grandma?” I asked. 

“Mhmm,” she hums. “All of us are. Wait, *Your* Grandma?”

“Are you Welsey?!” she said with a growing smile. 

“Welsey? Who's Welsey?” I asked. 

From the crowd someone says, “there's no Welsey in the family, she tweeted that ages ago.”

“What is happening?” I asked 

“We're here to see your Grandma,” the woman said. “She would tweet about how wonderful her grandson was. It was the most endearing thing.” 

“What?”

“Here,” she said, taking out her phone. “Look for yourself.” 

She handed me her phone with the Twitter page open. 4235 tweets, following 15.2 million, 16.4 million followers. I was amazed. So many tweets. 

“Welsey mowed my lawn. The dear boy never keeps it above an inch. #grandsonloveandappreciation”. 

“Welsey surprised me with flowers! 7 years ago I lost my husband and every year since he comes by. #love”

“Remind the people you love, you love them! Welsey always seems to forget that. #stilllovehimalways.”

My vision had begun to blur. I had no idea she was doing this. This entire time I was just making sure she was okay. I knew I wouldn't stay composed, but I did it anyways; I read her last tweets. 

“[1/7] Seems like Time has come to my doorstep at last. Told me the last bits of sand were almost out. I said”

“[2/7] it's okay Time, I've had a wonderful time here. For those who wish to come. My visitation will be”

“[3/7] March 30th, at Grim Family Funeral Home in Briton, Kentucky at 11 am. Hope to see you there. I'll be smiling.”

“[4/7] My family does not know about this and are private most of the time. If they ask, then answer, but this was about"

“[5/7] sharing love and appreciation. For the grandson that made the last of his grandma's days gorgeous, thank you. And for my family”

“[6/7] I will miss you. Love keeps us together always and I'll always be here with you. To my followers, thank you for your”

“[7/7] support and loving Welsey as much as I. #love #goodbye #youmadeanoldgrandmasmileeveryday”

My grandma. My dear amazing Grandma. I will miss you.  

---

/r/ItsPronouncedGif

Thank you for reading. <3


I knew Grandma was a gamer. I can still remember 20 years ago, when I first booted up my Playstation at her house. Both her and my eyes lit up with wonder, without really knowing what we were getting into. So many adventures were awaiting us. Rooting out mandragoras in Harry Potter, kicking butt in Chinatown with Jackie Chan, properly timing jumps and turbo-boosts in Crash Team Racing...

Time passed. I grew older, I "grew up". So did she, but in a different way. I couldn't wait to be a big guy. I wanted to be an adult, I wanted to be more mature, without even knowing what the hell that meant. She knew better. While I was looking to lose my innocence and sense of wonder at the world, she was nurturing hers, enjoying every step of the way.

As time passed we grew apart, I had more important things to do than play video games with her. Eventually I went to study abroad, far away, coming back not so often to visit for a day or two. After Grandpa died, I just didn't feel like returning. "She'll be ok", I thought. "She probably has enough people in her life to take care of her already." 

I called her a couple of times a year to catch up with her, but it was always concise and brief. I just didn't have time, always having something to do, whether for my studies or for work. Just enough time for the basics. She had mentioned her "gaming friends" a couple of times, but I never thought much of it. "Probably another group of old people with too much free time on their hands", I thought.

But here they were. Thousands and thousands of people. When I started asking around how they knew her, every single one had an almost identical answer: "She taught me how to live a worthwhile life while playing video games." Her charm and simplicity had won her over thousands and thousands of followers, thirsting for her positivity on life. 

I didn't know.

After the funeral I went to my hotel room and looked her name up on the internet. The number of people who watched her streams was mind-boggling, even more those who asked her questions through Twitter. On how to deal with loneliness, how to beat a boss in a game...

I started from her first stream, now a couple of years old. She often mentioned her only grandson, how lonely she felt now that he was away and couldn't spend time with her anymore, how her only son also went away after a nasty divorce. Gaming brought up fond memories of the time she spent with me, when Grandpa was also around, watching over us with a silly grin on his face. "But they aren't here anymore, so I have to learn to live on. That's life. Learn to cherrish every single moment, no matter how insignificant it may seem, for they are over sooner than you'd hope."

I started crying, my guilt uncontrollably taking over me. Autoplay started the next stream. And I just kept crying.


The morning started out very rough, all the hotels within an hour of our hometown had been completely booked so all the family had to stay at our house the night before the funeral.

I got up early to get ready and then went outside to sent on the porch and wait for my mom to say it was time to go.  I had avoided social media for the last werk since my granny died because I didn't want to talk with anyone and had no idea what to say. I decided to bring up Twitter, hoping to see that my favorite person to talk to, @tellthebartender, was online.  I was about to send a message when I saw the I had received one from the same person.  I was about to read it when my mom told me.it was time to leave.

We began the procession to the church for the service.  The traffic was uncharacterisitically thick, but the police escort ensured we got there. We arrived to find the parking lot completely full and people parking all along the street.  We had to go in through the back door since the front was jammed with people.

The priest met us and apologized, indicating that we had mentioned a small gathering.  He mentioned that he had no idea granny was so important to so many, but the sight was a blessing.  We were sitting in the front pews waiting, when three ladies, all around the same age as my granny came up and introduced themselves.  They lived at the nursing home with her and had been friends for many years.

I asked if they knew why all these people were here and they said they did, their explanation brought me to tears.  

Several years ago I apparently told.my granny that she just didn't understand today's problems, when she asked me if I needed to talk after my parents divorced.  Rather than be saddened by this though, she decided to find a different way to help and made herself a Twitter account where she offered advice.  Her three friends noticed her doing it one day and after she explained it, they joined in and ran the account together for several years, building up millions of followers and endeavoured to help everyone they could.

I was confused for several moments, and then pulled out my phone bringing up the message I had missed.  It read, Abigail Johnson, one of the four women who run this account has died and we will be taking a break for a few days to mourn the loss of our friend.  We ask for your prayers and thoughts.  I couldn't believe it, my grandmother, someone's whose advice I completely discounted, helped me though some of the most difficult challenges I had faced in life and never once let on.  

I moved closer to the casket and listened, everyone who passed by thanked her for the advice and encouragement she had offered during their times of need.


I left the printmakers and made my way down the street which was dark and oily looking in the evening's drizzle. I was bone tired, my elbow hurt from printing and I hated the insipid mess I had made that day. The green looked like the walls of a hospital corridor. I had torn the worst one up in a rage and the rest would have been in tatters too if Will hadn't grabbed me and held my arms at my sides. 

"Keep them around," he had said, jovially, as I had contemplated spitting in his face. "If you want to be an artist you have to learn from your mistakes. And look, this one is fucking good!" I didn't think it was good. Will's opinion didn't change that. But he thought he was helping. He was the other kind of artist, the one who could start liking their work if someone better did. 

I walked down the steps into the train station, still wishing I had torn them all up. It would have felt cleansing. Will thought he knew what I needed better than I did. Was that because he was ten years older or because I was a woman? I would use crimson tomorrow I decided, rounding the corner onto the deserted platform. 

I slumped down in one of the plastic chairs and felt my phone vibrate in my coat pocket. It was my mother. 

"Hello?"
.
"Hi darling."
.
"Are you alright?"
.
"Yes, of course I am."
.
"What, you just called for a chat? It's late."
.
She sighed. "Could you come over tomorrow?" 
.
"You sound really strange..."
.
"There's nothing wrong with me. Please don't worry. I just want to show you something." 
.
"And you call me at 1 AM to tell me that?"
.
"Well I wasn't planning to. Show it to you, I mean. But I was lying here in bed, trying to sleep and I had the idea that you might want to see it."
. 
There was a pause. 
.
"Just come over tomorrow morning. Take a day off. That's what you should be doing at anyway, at least once a week. You're burnt out." 

* * * 

It was a newspaper article in The Chronicle. About Pat Holitz, who had died of a brain aneurysm earlier in the week. I stared at my mother, confused. 

"This is what made you call me in the middle of the night?"
.
"Yes."
.
"Thanks... Her style of art isn't really my thing though." 
.
"I never liked it either. Though I suppose I may have been biased."
.
She lit a cigarette. 
.
"Can I have one? When did you start again?" 
.
"Pat Holitz's son, Oscar, was your father. He's dead too, he went twelve years ago. Overdose. I didn't tell you that at the time because it didn't seem like something you needed to know. But Pat's different. I think you do need to know about her." 
.
I didn't know what to say. I didn't really feel anything. I stared at the portrait in the article, a wiry woman with thick grey hair and beetle black eyes. She stared coldly into the camera lens. "*Sour*..." I thought. "*She looks sour*..."
.
"The funeral is tomorrow. And there's a bonfire...  They're burning all her work afterwards. Everything she hadn't sold yet. Everything she had kept. Her request, according to this." She tapped the newspaper. "She even tweeted about it. Everyone thought it was a joke but it was there in her will. Apparently the art world is furious. Trying to stop it from happening."
.
"Fuck..." I said, faintly. 
.
"Would you like to go?"


"It's him." That's what I heard someone say as I pushed myself through the crowd. Was I getting paranoid? I was almost sure of what I heard. Did these people know me?
I had a weird feeling ever since I had to get out of my car hundreds of meters away from the cemetery. The street was packed with people and here and there was a car.  All randomly parked in the middle of the street. Seems like I wasn't the only one who gave up and had to abandon the vehicle.
'What are they all doing here anyways?' This question shot through my head for the second or third time. Was there another demonstration going on? I don't really follow these anymore. Haven't been in one for a lot of years. This doesn't explain why they are all dressed in black. And why so close to the cemetery? Was there an Asian group dressed in white?
Confused, I decided to ignore it and went to the gates.
It seems there were more and more people the closer I got. 
"Figures."I thought. "It wasn't a good day to begin with. Why should it get any better?"

I guess, someone famous died and these people are just a few hours early. Probably an actor or actress from Hollywood, which was not too far from here. Maybe a director. Funny, I haven't heard anything on the news. Not that I really watch news everyday. 
I saw a lot of emotional faces. Mostly sad people. Some of them hugging, some crying. I even saw a few that seemed to be angry. 
"Da ist er! Schaut Leute, es ist Dan!" The man who said it pointed a finger at me. What did he say? It did sound aggressive.
Other people turned and looked at first him and then me. "It's him!" Another man shouted in heavy Russian accent. Also pointing at me. He took a step towards me and seemed to be very upset. "Иван! Cмотри, Это Дэн! "

To be continued...


I dreaded this day. We knew Grandma Mary had been going downhill for the last few years. Mom and dad didn't talk about it much, but we knew. The visits slowed after they put her in the home. A couple of my cousins and I would take turns visiting after school and taking her out to do her grocery shopping and run errands, so we noticed when she had her good days and her bad days. The bad started outweighing the good, and eventually, we knew we would get the call. 

That call came three days ago. 

Now, I'm sitting in the limo with my brothers, mom, dad, and for some reason, Aunt Jenn. Dad's sister and their families are in the car behind us. No one is saying anything, which is weird. Mom always is on her phone with her assistant and the office. Dad is usually discussing some new development from the university he and my brother Steve have been working on. And Mikey is usually listening to his music. Today... silence. But not really. For the day being relatively cold and overcast, there's lots of people outside. And the number of people seem to be growing the closer we get to grandma's church. She was adamant about having her service at the church she and grandpa married in, saying she started her life there and she would damn well make sure she ended it there. So now here we are. On our way to that stuffy chapel that always smelled slightly of mothballs, dead flowers, and wood polish. Steve's asthma will be acting up by the time we hit the eulogy. 

Now I'm really starting to get concerned. There's more people than I knew were in my town heading towards the church. Mom and dad have even noticed. 

"These people can't all be going to the funeral. There's got to be some sort of fair or event in town today we missed." Mom is quick to dismiss the ever growing crowd. 

We pull up to the church and the cars slow. There's no mistaking it now. These strangers are definitely here for my grangran. Suddenly, there's a camera crew racing up to our car, and the local news team is waiting for us to open the doors and step out. What the hell is going on here?!

Taking a breath, my dad opens the door and pandemonium rains down upon us all as hundreds of people start applauding and chanting my and my cousins names. Steve and Mike look at me, and I look back at them with equal confusion. 

"We love Mary!" Someone randomly yells.  "Do you have her blueberry cobbler recipe?" we hear further back. I'm lost. 

As we step out, the camera crew moves in and there's a microphone in my dad's face. 

"Mr. McEwan, how are you feeling today with the crowds here for your mother? Were you aware of her popularity?" My dad just stumbles. "Her popularity? What are you people talking about?" "Surely you were aware of your mother's online presence? She's made millions through her social media presence." 

"Social media? Oh my god, was my mother on the Facechat thing?" My dad looks horrified. Mom looks furious. She's already pulled herself away and is on the phone now with the office. The first and only normal thing I've seen her do today. I can hear her trying to figure out where this could be a security breach or PR something and demanding HR get on this. The usual...

Mikey pulls out his phone and I see him search Mary McEwan. Instantly HUNDREDS of articles pop up... mostly YouTube but also Twitter (which provided links to the other accounts) and Instagram (user name "InstaGramGram1938"). 

"Uhhh dad, guys... you may want to see this." Mikey looks like any 17 year old boy would when finding out his Gran had a better grasp on tech than he did. It turns out, Gran had started a YouTube cooking show from her iPad about cooking healthy and extravagant meals while on a fixed income! It was brilliant! She had millions of followers, all ranging from high school graduates and college kids, to single parents and other pensioners. My brothers and I were flabbergasted. Especially since my brothers and I had all pitched in to get her the iPad for Christmas two years ago so she could play her card games and FaceTime us when we couldn't visit in person. 

"My mom... was famous?!" My dad says, having torn himself away from the tv crew. My brothers look up to find we've somehow been ushered into the back of the church while we were immersed in our discovery. I'm so shocked I don't even remember moving. 

Steve piped up, "Wait, if she has THIS many followers who've watched these videos, Gran would have been making some money from some of these." We kind of smiled because it's a social media platform... how much money could that have been, right? As we wait for the service to start in the back room, my family watch some of Gran's videos. For the first time in awhile, my family laughed, cried, and reminisced together as Gran was on the screen, talking about her family as she made appetizers, desserts, and her famous meatloaf. She also had videos and photos of all her grandkids, and stories of their visits and accomplishments. She talked of the time we went for ice cream and fed the ducks down by pond, and how we talked about me going to college... all while she was teaching other college students how to darn holes in socks on video. She said she got the idea for the show that day, when she and I talked about budgeting and being independent. I was amazed. On this day, a day I was heart broken over and my family was detached, gran brought us back together one more time. 

As we were there smiling together and discovering our gran's secret, the priest came in to tell us it was time, and that we had a full house... plus hundreds more outside that they had to set up a sound system for. As a family, we stood up, stowed the show for the moment, and followed the priest out of the room and through the church, to go visit GranGran one last time.


I was sitting in the front row of the church, watching the funeral procession as people paid their final respects.  Most of the people here were academics, from top universities where she taught, her field of expertise was quantum physics.  

One of the people, a woman I had never seen before broke out of line though and sat down beside me.  She said that she had only come to know my nana very recently, but she had made a significant impact in her life.

I thanked her and though that would be the end of it, but instead she reached into her pocket and pulled out what looked like a very expensive Bluetooth device.  She placed it in my hand and then said that my grandma would have wanted me to use it.  

She saw the bewildered expression on my face and explained that my nana was a pioneer in many areas, one that wasn't announced was time travel.  She apparently deduced that all matter, occupied the same physical space, but the dimension of time prevented us from seeing anything but where we were on the timeline.  With that theory, she set about creating a tuner of sorts, that allowed the user to observe and interact across time.  

She feared what would happen if the technology got out, so she kept it to herself.  One day she read about a tragic suicide that cost the lives of two small children.  She was heartbroken until she realized she could.do something about it.  

She put on the tuner and went back to try and prevent the incident, but the mother was scared off by the whole story and nothing changed.  After many attempts, see decided to go back further.  Still wary of direct interaction, she took to Twitter and sought the mother out.  There she befriended her and helped to stear her clear of the trouble that would torment her to the end.  

Realizing the good she could do, nana began to seek out other people in need and using her knowledge, helped them to avoid the pitfalls to come.  Building up a following of over 16 million people she had saved.  

I was amazed and asked her how she knew all this.  That is when I was floored, she was my grand daughter and was there to help me through my pain.  She placed the device on my ear and then adjusted it, all the sudden I was in what had to be the future version of the church, it was completely packed.  We jumped forward several times and in every case, the church or what passed for the church was full of mourners.  

My grand daughter explained that on the anniversary on my nana' s death, all the people she saved gather at the church to pay their respects, a tradition that was carried on by their prodigy.